Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Thanks, Ellen, and good morning. It's a pleasure to have the chance to review our earnings release today. In addition to being joined by Eric, Brad, and Ellen on the call, as usual, I would like to extend a warm welcome to Don McCree, who is now heading our commercial business. I'd also like to publicly thank Steve Woods and Bob Rubino for the terrific job that they did in leading the commercial business on an interim basis. So let me offer a few comments on the quarter before I hand it over to Eric to take you through some of the financial details. We're very pleased with our continued ability to drive positive operating leverage in a challenging environment. We're executing well on our strategic initiatives. We're delivering good loan and deposit growth, while investing in our fee-based businesses. We continue to find efficiencies in our cost base that allow us to self fund investments that we're making growth, in technology, and in risk and compliance. Positive operating leverage was 4% revenue growth over 1% expense growth for 3% on a year-over-year basis. It was 1% over zero expense growth for 1% on a sequential quarter basis. This is driving our efficiency ratio and our profitability improvement. We also are pleased with the efforts to arrest the NIM decline, quote unquote, as we grew our NIM by 4 basis points in Q3. We're focused on boosting asset yield through mix, risk appetite, and pricing adjustments, and on halting the growth in the cost of our deposit growth. Eric has been very intensely focused on this with our business heads and we're making good traction on that front. A few other items to note. First off, our top two initiatives are on track. Second, our asset sensitivity continues to be stable with the second quarter. As we know, the Fed will eventually move rates, and in the meantime, we have profitability levers to pull. And thirdly, our balance sheet metrics all remain strong across capital, liquidity, funding, and credit. A real highlight for us in the quarter is that we continue to attract great talent into leadership positions at the company. Besides Don, we've brought in new heads of wealth, mortgage and retail distribution over the past several weeks and we've added a distinguished Fed alumnus to our Board. This is an important byproduct of our separation from RBS and our journey to independence. So with that, let me turn it over to Eric.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, sure. So in Top II, as you recall, Ken, there were three major categories. One was expenses, one was pricing initiatives, and then one was the broader revenue initiatives. On the expense side, we're making excellent progress around the main two thrusts there. One is what we call ops transformation, where we are stepping back and taking a look at how we're organized and making some changes, and kind of ultimately we're aiming for the hat trick, we like to call it. We want to have a better customer experience, better risk, it controls, and of course efficiencies, and we're starting to see some of those efficiencies come through. They'll come through additionally in Q4 and have a full-year effect on 2016 We also have a greater effort to work through vendor contracts, and looking for opportunities to consolidate and get better pricing from vendors. That has been part of top two and that is also flowing through as we work through that initiative. So we feel quite confident that we've already got that in motion. We are starting to see some of the benefits come through and it is on track. Pricing, similarly, a bunch of that is on the commercial side, cash management is one area. We're rolling that out in waves and so you're going to start to see that flow through here in the second half of the year. Then will get a full-year effect of that in 2016, so we see that tracking to expectations in terms of client impacts and our ability to execute that program. On the third bucket of revenues, we have a couple of major thrusts there, which are in pilot phase. That's largely on the consumer side; there's a little bit on the commercial side there, as well. So we've been running the pilot through Q3, we've expanded the pilots into Q4, and we're putting the infrastructure in place to do the full rollout early in 2016. Everything we've seen in those pilots is positive in terms of our ability to deliver the revenue potential on the full program. So, broadly speaking, I'd say, we feel good about the program taken as a whole.
Bruce Van Saun: I think the key to that is really just to stay focused on delivering positive operating leverage. Regardless of what happens to rates, we have a good capital position and an ability to grow loans, and if we do a good job on NIM, that will flow straight through and create a good continuing source of revenue momentum. We're investing in our fee-based businesses. Some of the people that we put in place have to season and that should help our fee projections going forward, and we are going to continue to hire and continue to build those business, but we will be making a spread over who we put in place and what it costs us to put those people in place. So that should be contributive to positive operating leverage. Then on the expense side, we've worked very hard to try to self-fund the investments we need to grow. So that means a continued effort to look at the zero base of expenses and go in and find places where we might be inefficient and pull -- extracted those expenses so that we can try to keep overall expenses as close to flat as possible. We were able to achieve that to quarters in a row, which is really quite something when you consider the amount we are putting into technology and the amount were putting into playing offense in our growth initiatives and some of the demands on us from an overall risk and control and regulatory standpoint. So we think it ultimately gets a little harder. We've called out in Q4 that we'll see a little bit of growth in expenses. Some of the technology depreciation and software amortization is going to come on stream in Q4. But we're committed to really staying 100% focused on delivering the positive operating leverage because that ultimately drives the improvement in the efficiency ratio and it drives the improvement in our profitability and our ROTCE. So as we go through our budget process into next year, every member of the management team has a real focus on that.
Bruce Van Saun: I'd say we always do you those portfolio acquisitions as a bridge to building out our own capabilities. The SCUSA arrangement was put in place before we had really rolled out our broader platform and our ability to really penetrate the prime sector of the market. And as we have been able to scale our own capabilities up, we've been scaling back on that SCUSA flow agreement. We also opportunistically entered into an arrangement with SoFi on the student loan side. We like the overall marketplace and the product that they originate has characteristics of very high credit quality and good risk-adjusted returns like our own growth and so that allows us to accelerate our growth a little bit. That is a modest sized program. It's about $500 million over the course of the year. Other than that, at this point, we don't have much going on or much that we are looking at. But we will continue to be opportunistic. As I said, we have a very good capital position and we're putting that capital to work through our own channels and building client relationships and building our book of relationships and customers that we can cross-sell into. But again, if there are opportunities that come up, we will take a look. Brad, why don't I ask you for…
Bruce Van Saun: When you look at the maps on the quarter, probably around 10% of the net loan growth was the net purchase volume, so it's quite a modest number, at this point.
Bruce Van Saun: So as we're going to loan officers, our market share for each of the last three quarters has continued to pick up. The originations in the quarter were up on a sequential quarter basis, so notwithstanding that apps [ph] were down a little bit. The actual originations that came through were up. On the Management change, we had a couple of our folks looking to retire at the end of the year who have been good soldiers for us, both on the wealth side and in mortgage. And we're fortunate that we are able to go out into the market and attract some real talent into the Organization.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Look I think the - frankly, at this point, there won't be much impact at all. Most of the overall impacts of them stepping down their ownership and shrinking their business activities across the globe and here in the US have largely played themselves out. We did call out the asset finance area was one place where we were getting referrals from their overall credits book and their relationships, which we need to figure out, though, that will over time decay and he erode and we have to figure out how we're going to replace that. We have some ideas on that, but we did color code that initiative to grow that business amber at the moment until we've sorted out, something that Don is very focused on. But more broadly, we also, in capital markets, have used their platform and jointly called in some areas and we had plans to ultimately migrate off their, for example, FX and derivatives platform, and go on to our own platform in Q1, which will actually increase our flexibility in terms of the products we offer and some of their versatility we will have in being able to face off against the market. So that's a little bit of upside actually that's coming. Then with respect to RBS' overall risk oversight responsibility as a source of strength for Citizens, we've had generally good agreement and support from them as we've moved from playing defense to offense about any changes that we've looked to make in our risk appetite. So I don't think there'd be any big change in terms of them stepping back from having those oversight responsibilities. I would say, largely, most of the impacts are baked into current results or our current forecasts.
Bruce Van Saun: I think, I should explain that a little bit, Ken. But that $250 million effectively was the tail of a multi-year agreement that we had worked out with the Fed around our desire to put a capital stack back in place that mirrored our peers. So ultimately, it was to $2.75 billion of buyback with a linked issuance of capital securities. We have just simply run that out and we put that last remaining $250 million out into the next CCAR submission. That really is not an indication of what we think we'll do in the next CCAR submission. We have to go through our - all sources and uses of capital and how fast do we think the balance sheet is going to grow and what do we want our dividend policy to be. So we will - and then where do we want to land in terms of continuing to chip away at the high level of capital that we have, CET 1 capital relative to peers. So, we'll dialogue with the Fed about that and we'll go through the process and we'll make some determinations. But clearly, I don't think you should take away that, that $250 million is locked in stone…
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I'm not sure I completely follow, but I'll just try to explain. So in the four-quarter CCAR submission that we just had approval for, we've had two $250 million transactions, which we've already executed. This $250 million was indicated to be in the next submission and early in the period for the next submission. We will certainly look to do that and then potentially something additional as we work through the plan for the next submission.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, we've done up to now, Gerard, is a combination of actually the conversion transactions, which in effect buybacks. We've had dividend policy set at 25% to 30% and we had an ability and a desire to really grow loans and grow the loan book and growth to that strong capital position. I do think it is a bit of a loop here, as we put that excess capital to work, it helps drive revenues. It helps drive that positive operating leverage and it helps improve our returns. Then the more capital we can self-generate, then we can feel confident that we can meet all the requirements to run the business without having to have that cushion. So the calibration in terms of the timing for removing some of that surplus really is linked to some degree to how quickly we can get our returns up so that we're self-sufficient and were not hamstrung when we see good opportunities to grow loans. We don't want to be drawing down that capital for position that's below us, so that to me is the timing. It will be a combination, going forward, of probably faster than peer loan growth. Ultimately, when we're in a sustainable position to be able to do that, then we can look to increase the buybacks and bring that capital level back to where peers are. There's no reason, at the end of the day, once we're through our turnaround period, that we should have a new guy premium, if you will, quote-unquote, and a higher capital level than peers. There's nothing in the mix of our business, our risk appetite, our stress losses under CCAR, that would say there's a requirement for the medium-term or longer-term, to hold extra capital than peers. I do think we are just managing our way through this and using it as an advantage right now as we work to improve our overall performance.
Bruce Van Saun: I think, I'd fall back on my previous answer. So I don't know if I want to be pinned down to timing. We have got a lot of things over 2016 and 2017 that we have to see play out in terms of the path for the Fed and the path for our profitability improvement. So I do think we'll certainly monitor the signals coming from the Fed and where the peer group looks likely to go, and over time, continue to try to narrow that differential.
Bruce Van Saun: What we've said consistently this year is that we will give you our 2016 guidance in the January call. But what we've proven since we've been a public Company is we can shoot for something like that. We've been able to deliver it, but I really don't want to get drawn in on 2016 until January.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I think that's similar to your last question. We're very focused on delivering a positive operating leverage. We are, at the moment, building capital because we've made our share repurchases that are authorized under the CCAR, so you have a little bit of a headwind in the denominator. But the flip side of that is you are growing your book value per share, which is also a positive. But what we start to -- we will have everything working for us again in the next CCAR cycle, if we're delivering the profitability growth and we can get the buyback, back into the equation on consistently quarterly basis, then hopefully we aren't building capital at the same clip.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, as I indicated in an earlier answer today, that we typically see a seasonal pick-up in the capital markets area in Q4, and it looks like our pipelines would give some confidence to that statement.
Bruce Van Saun: All right. Well, that's all the questions that we have for today. So thank you for dialing in and joining us this morning. And again, we feel we have another good quarter, pleased with our performance, executing well. And feel quite confident about our future outlook. So thank you and have a good day.
Eric Aboaf: Matt, I'd add the following. Our asset sensitivity is highly concentrated at the front end. 80% of it literally comes through in year one, 6% front-end in year two. So the opportunity cost isn't particularly large. To close down our position, it's not as if we put on a five- or 10-year duration positions. We literally have to put on one and two year swaps, and if you think about what you can earn on that, it's actually quite small. And so the payback, even based on current forward curves, and clearly they swing around, it's 3 to 4 times. So you're really in a position where we feel like there's some decent upside, even with these lower forecasted and slower forecasted rate increases once perhaps every six months. That's a better position, that's a position that we'd prefer to hold for the time being.
Eric Aboaf: What we have is we have an opportunity to continue to defend NIM with rates in a relatively flat scenario here. We've been -- for example, in the deposit side, we've been inching up our deposit costs about 2 basis points per quarter over the last three, four quarters. We've been able to slow that down to 1 basis point and you can imagine, we're trying to slow it down even further. With Don and Brad's support, we found some good opportunities on the deposit side to do that. On loans, the worker continues. It's primarily product mix in consumer, its tactical pricing and returns and some mix in commercial, a mix of product mix there in commercial and pricing acumen and intensity. That in a way helps us defend the back book roll off which continues. So in a flat rate environment, we have an ability to keep NIM stable. We will try to tick it up a little bit, but we've got it stable, and for the time being, until we see some real rate rises, we have some confidence in being able to continue to deliver that.
Eric Aboaf: The securities portfolio is right-sized to be honest. We run an LCR above the requirements but not way above purposefully. So we got a good-sized balance sheet. You saw that we compressed it a bit this past quarter as we took out some collateralized borrowings that we didn't think we were particularly valuable to have and in the LCR world you don't get credit for. That had a small reduction effect on the portfolio, but the portfolio is properly sized. Over time, you'll see that we will use a mix of MBS and treasuries from that portfolio and then classic vanilla interest rate swaps to manage the duration. So it's within the range, probably go up and down a bit here and there, but within the range for now.
Eric Aboaf: The core of that is some pricing discipline. We saw origination yields across commercial tick up almost 20 basis points. There tends to be volatility from quarter to quarter, but that was a larger than typical up tick, and if you dig deep, what we've been doing is working very tactically with our bankers and helping them with benchmark data on pricing so that they can price effectively on new business. That's been quite productive, as well as about three months ago, four months ago, it would have been in the middle of the second quarter, we rolled out our updated returns calculator, which also gives them some real insight and tools. So we've been helping there and that has begun to get some nice traction and we are starting to see the results of that. Obviously, there will be some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. But we're pleased with some of those early results.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Matt, let me start, and then Don will weigh in, as well, to give you a little texture. You saw some average balance growth in C&I. In particular, you saw a little bit of small dip, EOP, on the C&I line. On the other side on the ledger, on the CRE, as you described, you had nice sequential growth of 6%, which was particularly healthy and robust. There is some movements there. Originations have been, on commercial, and in C&I, in particular, have been pretty decent all year, including this past quarter, a little less activity on draws, which tends to sometimes be seasonal. But it's a business where we continue to see some momentum, on the one hand, and on the other hand, it's intensely price competitive, and we're also being disciplined and careful about where and how we grow that.
Eric Aboaf: Pay downs were actually in line with the average for the last five quarters. Pay downs were actually a little lighter than in the second quarter, for that matter, so just on the utilization line this quarter, which tends to be jumpy. We have utilization, quarter-over-quarter, you see swings in utilization of $300 million, $400 million, $500 million, and so obviously carefully working through it, but not particularly out of the ordinary.
Eric Aboaf: Long-term debt is, like you say, it's long-term, right. There's a limit to what one can really do. We have tended to issue floating or issue swap to floating, which gives us some flexibility, and obviously, we'll manage that in the scheme of our duration position. From a perspective that we have is that over time, we have said that we'd add a little bit of senior debt to the stack just to be a little more balanced. That said, we'll do that carefully and modestly, given the rate environment. But if there are some low points in the curve, it's also a nice time to pull a little bit of that down, put it on the balance sheet, and do it at a time before the rates pop up.
Eric Aboaf: It is Eric, Gerard. I think we take deposits, quarter-to-quarter from a tactical basis, right. What you've seen us do is fade a little bit of some of the more aggressive promotional campaigns we had been doing in consumer, as over the last couple of quarters, and with Brad's help and guidance of the team, also just being careful about being in line with peers as opposed to ahead, we been able to tamp down on the increases that we've seen. We have even been doing better month after month after month here, even during third quarter. That's the kind of thing we expect to continue. I said something similar on the commercial side, where we've been repricing some old balances. That will continue. As rates rise, ideally rise next year, prevailing market rate, we will likely to what you'd expect, is typically lag. We've disclosed our betas. The betas are -- there's much more of a lag in consumer than in commercial typically. What you will find us do is over and above that, there's a product question you asked, specifically is in consumer. We continue to reevaluate the product set to make sure that it's designed to encourage checking account balances, those low interest rate balances, those DDA balances. On commercial, one of the byproducts of growing the cash management business is it brings in DDA balances. So, that's where the initiatives, on one hand, that we've talked about for multiple quarters ties to some of the funding costs opportunities that we've seen.
Eric Aboaf: I'll take that. I would point to just the volatility in the market in the third quarter. It was across high-grade, high-yield, and the syndicated lending market. It was just tremendously volatile and the market seized up really toward the back end of the summer and that was on top of what we usually see, which is a summer slowdown, in terms of the transactional business. So, I do think it was a tough comparison with the second quarter, as you said, which was a very strong quarter. We're seeing reasonable activity as we move into the fourth quarter.
Brad Conner: Bruce, you did a very good job of covering it. Also it started very much in line with what we expected. It was nominal impact on the quarter, about $60 million in balances for the quarter, so it was a nominal impact on the quarter, but it is giving us confidence that it's a very viable program for us in the long run. You said it well, we're pleased and Apple is pleased and the partnership is off to a very good start so there's strong potential for the program for the long run.
Brad Conner: Yes. You did a great job. I was just going to add one point to this, which is we did step the SCUSA portfolio purchases down from second quarter to third quarter and you can expect, we expect one more step down in the fourth quarter. So it will actually be a little bit smaller still in the fourth quarter, so we're continuing to step that down.
Brad Conner: Sure. It hit in a couple of buckets. You mentioned the MSR change. We have a $6 million recapture on our MSR asset in second quarter. We had a $1.7 million impairment this quarter. So when you look at the mortgage fees, we had about an $8 million swing from quarter to quarter, so that was an impact and a step down on mortgage revenue. We actually saw our application volume drop about 10% in the third quarter. Much of that was just market-based, that's pretty much consistent with the market. I would say, in terms of our hiring, if you look at our hiring, year-on-year, we are still progressing well. It was relatively flat quarter for net hiring in the third quarter. Some of that is extreme competition in the marketplace so we're seeing a lot of a petition for good quality loan officers. We're attracting loan officers, but there is a little bit of a hand-to-hand combat happening out in the marketplace. Then the other thing that impacted that was -- and of course, the whole industry dealt with this -- was a little bit of distraction with the [total resting] implementation, the trade implementation, which happened in early October. It really did put a lot of strain on operations capacity for us and the industry, so we actually ended up from a loan officer hiring perspective, we were up net 1 in the third quarter.
Don McCree: Eric, that's exactly right and I feel that, that's fully embedded in the commercial bank division right now. I'd point to the fact that we are doing less low-margin business, which is moving the overall book slightly up. And as Eric said, it will move a little bit quarter to quarter, but we feel like the discipline is fully embedded.
Don McCree: Yes, I think, let me just add to that. That's exactly right. It's a tale of many cities. We're seeing really good growth in real estate, we're seeing really good growth in franchise finance, a little bit of weakness in our asset finance business, a little bit of weakness in our mid market business, the mid market business is entirely due to utilization. A suspicion there, although we haven't fully proved out, is much of that has to do with commodity prices and general economic outlook in some of our mid market areas. We just think our clients are borrowing a little bit less money at this split second, and we also see that in the opposite indicator, which is growth in our deposits. So we feel very good about where we are in terms of quality of intensity, quality of upgrades, of personnel developing pipelines, quality of calls in terms of corporate finance calls, as opposed to just lending calls. So all of the indicators we see in the franchise are excellent and we think we're setting the stage for continued growth in the business.
Don McCree: I haven't seen it necessarily in pay downs. We've seen it in utilization, so less draws under existing commitments. And it more than explains the entire total reduction in C&I loans so we are growing in underlying portfolios, but we are also building our pipelines and we don't see the overall commitment book decline.
Don McCree: I'd agree with that, Eric. I think the important thing is we're really managing this on a client by client, loan by loan basis, with a lot of senior intention to it. So we're making smart decisions on where we went to play and where we don't want to play. And I don't think our effort to be disciplined on pricing is going to have a particular effect on volume. I feel it's a competitive market out there and we're trying to stay at disciplined as we can, both on the credit side and on the pricing side, but we see lots of opportunity.
