Joe Jolson: Thanks, Ray. I wanted to provide some details on our investment spending at JMP Securities over the last 12 to 18 months. We have been acutely focused on increasing our Senior Analyst ranks within our existing sectors of financial services, real estate, healthcare, technology and consumer, a number that has grown from 16 analysts in early 2009 to 22 today. We fully expect that these analysts will initiate coverage on more than 100 new names in the next year, which could bring our research universe to approximately 400 companies compared to just over 200 at the beginning of last year, roughly a double in less than two years.  Concurrent with the product rollout, we have been focused on upgrading and completing the build-out of our sales and trading operation. We have a number of offers outstanding to senior producers and hope to have accomplished our objective within the next few months. The last phase of the rollout of our middle market boutique will be the addition of three to five senior investment bankers to focus on the industry verticals where we have added research coverage. While we are deep in the recruiting process, it is still too early to tell whether we will attract the 18 players we are after in an increasingly competitive environment.  So fast forward to March 2011 at JMP Securities, we hope to have around 200 employees which would be about 10% more than we have today half of which will be MDs and Directors more than 400 companies under research coverage industry and product focused investment bankers and a full complement of sales people and sales traders catering to more than 600 active institutional accounts.  While we have projected our revenues will lag this build-out of critical mass, we are very optimistic that positive topline trends could emerge later this year and accelerated over the next few years.  Also wanted to say a few words about Harvest Capital Strategies and JMP Credit, our asset management businesses because they are key to understanding what occurred in the first quarter and what could happen as the year goes on. Harvest Capital Strategies is in the second inning of its quest to be a multi-strategy alternative asset management platform with multiple top decile performance records over the past few years. We are hopeful that layering in more marketing resources this year will help the desire to (inaudible) an accelerating AUM growth over the next few years.  Asset management revenues consists of base fees, which are directly tied to AUM levels and incentive fees that can fluctuate each quarter depending on individual fund performance. To reduce the impact of the volatility of these incentive fees on our earnings, we chose a while ago to participate out a high percentage of those fees to the fund management teams themselves, which was the case in last year’s first quarter and which can lead to overstated or understated compensation ratio but a much greater stability of earnings as you saw this quarter. From a principal investment standpoint, we had another great quarter overall with a return of nearly 6% on invested capital even though performance was mixed with our hedge funds due to their consistently high short exposure and the obvious sharp drop or a sharp jump, I should say in indices for February and March.  JMP Credit had another great quarter. The improved market conditions mean that our opportunity to generate outsized capital gains on senior debt investments will likely diminish over the next year. We believe that there are tremendous growth opportunities for this business as a result of the fallout from the severe recession and financial crisis. We hope to share our plans with investors later this year.  Lastly I will point out that our compensation ratios (reset) for the first quarter was lower than it’s typically the case due to our revenue mix, which was heavily weighted to investment income and included minimal carry interest fees. As we have described before, we assigned different compensation ratios to different sources of revenue, so the blended ratio will vary quarter to quarter depending on our revenue mix. Assuming that our investment banking and hedge fund businesses perform according to plan this year, we believe our full year pro forma comp ratio will be somewhere in the mid 60s.  And in closing, as always, I wanted to thank JMP employees for the hard work and for our shareholders for the continued support. We are always happy to hear from you and answer any questions you may have.  With that I would like to open up the call to any questions. Thanks, operator. 
Joe Jolson: I will let Ray answer part of that, Devin, but I mean I think that the – we are going to file our proxy today, I believe tonight. So there will be some details into how the triggers for that for you, okay to think the accrual but suffice it to say that it’s similar to it in the past or – those kind of things were driven by the ability of the company to produce record results and the record results would be viewed as net of anything as opposed to hit the number before those bonuses type of thing. 
Joe Jolson: So I mean I think last year if you look at our numbers and I have said this in every call, we had a very percentage of our revenues in pretax coming from investment income, which was great but it obviously creates a challenge to compare to that and what we did was chose to try to find expenses that we could accelerate and invest in growing our operating businesses which is why we are doubling our product. In JMP Securities we have hired a bunch of marketing resources at Harvest Capital Strategies.  So I think that that's how we are managing through that. I think it’s way too early to tell in the year whether those things would trigger, but if they did, it would probably be late in the year, I would suspect. I don’t know if you have anything to add to that, Ray.
Joe Jolson: Yes, I mean I think that it will be in our Q that gets filed next week, you can derive the number. But obviously, the way to think about it is we bought a pool of assets, some of which were highly stressed in the economy at an average price of little over $0.60 on the dollar and part of those assets were valued low because they had credit issues. So the performing assets might have had average price closer to 65 to 70 range, Devin. And in this environment, all those assets are pretty much back at par or they paid off par and we are taking the cash and we are redeploying it in new senior debt that has been in the high 90s to par, most recently. So that’s why there is no ability to recreate those kind of capital gains now.  From a spread point of view, the credit spread, even though they have tightened up a lot are still very attractive compared to historical standards. We are getting roughly 3.50 to 4 on LIBOR type of thing and (inaudible) getting a lot of floors on the new capsule. From a spread point, it’s an attractive market to redeploy the capital even though it’s still a par type of thing but just those outsized capital gains over any period of time on sustainable investing in low risk senior debt. I think that the way that deal was structured, the subscription-piece of the securitization that we own was structured for $45 million.  So that's kind of the way you should think about it. Ultimately it might be worth $45 million at par, right, and so you can look at the loan sale gains from last year and what we have got in the first quarter. And that's not a bad guide in terms of what might be available going forward but just remember, if those occur or as those occur, they are not going to continue at that level, it’s a melting ice cube of gains type of thing. 
Joe Jolson: And let’s see what happens over the rest of this year, there is the number of the credit markets pretty active right now and a number of companies that had tight covenants and got their debt repriced in the down cycle or looking at maybe refinancing of that. 
Joe Jolson: Yes, I mean the credits performed better than expected but that will get reflected in the residual value, they are effective in that 45 million piece that we bought for not a lot of money. So I mean it’s – I don't want you to double count. 
Joe Jolson: Well, I don't know if we talked about this in the past but about a year and a half, two years ago we looked at it really hard back in the downturn and interviewed a lot of people and had one of our senior people in asset management take that assignment to see if we could put together our own kind of boutique fixed income shop type of thing within JMP and we had some very well regarded senior people that were interested in joining us. And so we did look at it pretty hard in the downturn. I guess what we concluded was that the outsized spreads that were available on particularly on the high grade side were just going to get competed away pretty quickly. And the competition for people in that business was pretty heated, for the people we were trying to recruit even in the downturn. So these people were asking for pretty high guarantees and we are not a guarantee shop. And if you weren't going to guarantee them cash comp, they wanted really high kind of guarantee payout ratios, which over any period of time would lock you into pretty subpar profit level, Lauren.  So we decided that that wasn't a good – there were other things that we could do like get into the JMP Credit, at the same time was much better opportunity obviously. So I think that – we will look that in the future as opportunities come up. There is some synergy from an investment banking point of view on the high yield side we think with the middle market companies that we now – as you may know, we did start a convert area before senior value. So we got into that business, which is kind of equity related if you will. And we have started a debt advisory business through our credit operation on kind of the buy side of the Street originated but now – it was successful. So we have kind of put it into JMP Securities now. 
Joe Jolson: We will continue to – I mean we look at a lot of things, Lauren, as you know. And I like to think that we are reasonably disciplined at financial returns and in the like. So I mean we do look at a lot of things including the kind of things you are alluding to. So you never know but there is nothing that we would be imminent there, I don’t think. 
Joe Jolson: That’s part of it and anyway just – and by the way we locked the year-over-year numbers with them in the second quarter. 
Joe Jolson: No, we don’t really – actually we just launched our first private equity, it’s a secondary kind of venture fund. We are – they are not looking at LP interest but the actual kind of age positions in buying secondary shares from founders and venture funds. So that launched April 1st with – and we are hoping to build a interesting business around that group of people. But for us, other income is our fees that we get for sponsoring other funds. So there is a few funds that we’ve sponsored over time that aren’t for GAAP consolidated into that. So the main one there is a fund Expo Capital, it’s a healthcare focused fund run by Paul Sinclair, he has done a great job, and he is roughly closing in on $300 billion in asset under management now. So we would help start that business with Paul and we have a financial interest and that's the primary thing going through other income. 
Joe Jolson: And AUM is – in our AUM we don’t include that in the numbers we give you guys for AUM, but we market his fund. 
Joe Jolson: We have been buying stock back as – in conjunction with the RSU vestings. We give people the option of keeping the stock or will buy back or tax bill on the stock. And so, I think we bought back about 100,000 shares that way. 
Joe Jolson: And we have another lock up release coming up in May where there will be a similar kind of buyback for a much bigger number. So that's how – Ray, do you know what's left on the authorization? I think it’s (half) million shares at this point. 
Joe Jolson: 35% of the IPO awards. So I think Ray maybe can get you the exact number but there was around $1.9 million shares issued when we went public and there has been a few for – not a lot of them, but a few far fetchers over time. So that would be 35%, that’s roughly maybe 650,000, 670,000 shares, about half of which, a little less than half we will buy back. 
Joe Jolson: Operator, thank you and thanks everyone for listening. Ray, Andrew and myself will be available today. If you have any other follow-up questions, and we are excited about the start to the year and looking forward to caching up with you guys next quarter. Thank you.
