Thomas F. Splaine: Thank you. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Tom Splaine, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and we'll begin this morning's call with the standard forward-looking statement disclosure. On this call, representatives of Investors Bancorp Inc. may make some forward-looking statements with respect to our financial position, our results of operations, business and prospects. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some are which are beyond Investors Bancorp’s control and are difficult to predict and can cause the actual results to materially differ from those expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. In our press release and in our earnings release, we have included our Safe Harbor disclosure. We refer you to that statement and these documents are incorporated into this presentation. For a more complete discussion of certain risks and uncertainties affecting Investors Bancorp, please see the section entitled Risk Factors and Management Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations set forth in Investors Bancorp's filings with the SEC. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Cummings; and Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Domenick Cama.
Thomas F. Splaine: The way we're looking at it right now, Mark, is taking out the Marathon expenses. We see probably Q1 and Q2 to run probably around that $52 million to $53 million range. And then depending on what happens with Roma and when we get regulatory approval, when it closes in Q2, that would be incremental to us. But we're looking for after cost saves of Roma to come in around $7.5 million to $8 million per quarter once we get them onboard and get them integrated with cost saves, which will happen later on in 2013.
Thomas F. Splaine: Sure. That breakdown is about $5 million, went through the compensation line, and about $2.4 million went through data processing fees, termination fees and professional fees.
Domenick A. Cama: Mat, it's Domenick. The margin was obviously positively impacted by the prepayment income on multifamily business for the month. December was a very big month and we saw a big boost in prepayment income there. That had an effect of approximately 12 basis points on the net interest margin. The other factor impacting the net interest margin for the quarter was the reduction in overall cost of funds. Cost of funds dropped about 10 basis points for the quarter. So as we look out towards first quarter of 2013, what we're anticipating, without the -- any increase from prepayment income is approximately a 10 basis point reduction in the net interest margin, that would take it down to 3 40. And depending on -- it looks like this quarter, it would -- this quarter is going to be a more normal quarter in terms of loan growth. And so with that, we're projecting about $1 million in prepayment income for the quarter.
Domenick A. Cama: We had a pretty strong -- not only a pretty strong quarter but a pretty strong year in terms of mortgage banking. Margins, we have not seen the margin decline that some have experienced, and that has been a result of the fact that our pipeline has been so strong. But in talking to the mortgage company over the last few days about it, they have seen a shift in the business with where less business has been going to the secondary market. So they see that we are going to reduce our margins, I think we're going to do that next week by about 0.25 of a point.
Domenick A. Cama: Yes, Mark, we are projecting a balance sheet growth of somewhere around $600 million to $700 million. That's what we expect without Roma.
Domenick A. Cama: Yes. January looks like it's obviously a lighter month than -- it's a lighter month. It's historically a lighter month. However, you had a bunch of business get done in December of 2012 because of a number of factors like 10/31 exchanges for property transfers, the fiscal cliff. And so transactions that could've gotten done in January got pushed into December, so we do expect the first quarter to be a little lighter than the fourth quarter of last year.
Domenick A. Cama: I think, where we're running at right now, the tax rate this quarter spiked up because of some nondeductible expenses related to the acquisition in the fourth quarter and for the year. But as we move forward into next year, we're also going to have some expenses related to the Roma acquisition but we're probably looking at somewhere in the neighborhood of 37.5% to 38%.
Domenick A. Cama: No. At this point, we're still integrating customers, we have people calling on Marathon customers. We actually did the data conversion over this past weekend and that went well. So we haven't seen any surprises come out of there.
Domenick A. Cama: Mark, the multifamily yields are coming in, I mean, just new production is coming in at about 3.60%. That's where we see multifamily is being on right now and that's a result of a combination of maturity terms.
Domenick A. Cama: In terms of Investors, we did have a significant reduction in our cost of funds over the year 2012, that exceeded 40 basis points, 45 basis points year-over-year. In terms of Roma, their cost of funds is a little bit higher, so we expect to see some pickup there. But overall, Roma's net interest margin is actually dilutive to ours, their net interest margin is about 278 basis points. So the challenge that we have, or the opportunity I should say, is to convert some of the lower-yielding assets that they have on the balance sheet into more the higher-yielding assets that we have, or that we are producing. In terms of our own deposit costs here, while we did have this 45 basis point pick up over 2012, we see the opportunities for continued reduction is slowing. We're probably close to the bottom.
Domenick A. Cama: Collyn, good morning, it's Domenick. Yes. We think that with the Roma transaction, that we're establishing a good base down in that market, that Burlington County market, which came to Roma as a result of the Sterling transaction. It's something that we're excited about. As we announced on the call, when we announced the deal, we have a significant amount of business already in that market. Kevin mentioned $500 million approximately on the Pennsylvania side, and $1.2 billion on the New Jersey side. So as we've looked at the branches, they're a lower average deposit than some of ours, but I think the market is presenting a good opportunity for us and it's one that we're excited about.
Kevin Cummings: No. Actually -- we wish -- I mean, at the initial analysis, we don't see much exposure, to be honest with you.
Kevin Cummings: Depending on a transaction, I think we're looking east -- continue to look east. We're looking on organic growth, Hudson County. And then along the Route 80 Corridor, Southern Burton County, Staten Island, we have one branch from the Marathon transaction, so Staten Island is certainly an option for organic expansion. And I think just what will happen from an opportunity point of view, when those situations come up, banks aren't bought, they're sold. We didn't look at the recent Somerset transaction that was announced this week and I think we just didn't get a chance to look at it, we're kind of in a box here now with the -- we don't want to do anything to tangible book value, we want anything that dilutes tangible book value, it's not something we're interested in doing right now.
Kevin Cummings: I think, both. I think that we believe that the market is underserved, if you will. And while we do, we'll take a conservative approach to growth organically. We also would look at opportunities to expand through acquisitions in that market. But it's one that -- we don't think we're big enough in the market now with 23 branches, we know we need to expand that.
Kevin Cummings: No, I think, the Boroughs. We look at the opportunity to do business in New York to be better in the Boroughs. If you go into the city, the city is saturated with banks and they're mostly large institutions. And the nature of our business is one in which we're dealing with communities and relation -- have relationships with customers and we think that the Boroughs and some of the counties in Nassau and Suffolk county are better suited for that type of business.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. I thank you for your participation today. We're focused, we have our business plans in place and we're looking -- we're very excited about the opportunities in 2013. So I thank you for participating and I'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
