John Woods: Yeah, thanks, Ken, good question. We're thinking that the key areas that we'll focus on would be in the consumer side, it could be even - I mentioned it before that auto is a low return business. We like our auto business. But we're moderating the portion of the balance sheet that auto will take up going forward. So you could see loan yields rising as a result of that. On the commercial side, the areas that we're looking at, as you may have heard in my remarks include on an ongoing basis taking a look at the back book in C&I, which is a typical business as usual, kind of behavior. But we think that can add benefits to loan yields over time. As well as in asset finance. As we mentioned we have some legacy assets that were put on during [indiscernible] days in the larger ticket area. We've been moderating our exposure there. We'll also drive loan yields higher. So I think we've got a lot of benefit going forward in balance sheet optimization. So we're optimistic that, that will provide lift ex-rates in the future.
John Woods: Okay. Yes, just getting into the deposit beta part of it, so you asked about where we are on there? So on a cumulative basis through 3Q total deposit beta will be 17% and in quarter sequentially up 36% [ph] for the third quarter. We would see that coming down a bit in the fourth quarter, in part due to the fact the Fed going to take a quarter off and give here in the third quarter. And also just give us some breathing room to allow the deposit initiative to really start to kick in. So on the consumer side, the investment that we're making in beta and analytics and really we're finding our promotional approach. And on the commercial side the investments that we're making in product offerings and targeting with respect to the segments that are more deposit rich. So that kind of optimization going on the deposit side, along with the where the macro coming out we will see the betas, in core betas come down there in 4Q.
John Woods: Yeah. Well, said, I think the one way to think about is that we're still on a business ex perspective about, call it 15 basis points below the median of the normally situated [ph] peers. And so without rates moving, we feel like we're in the - we've made a lot of progress on balance sheet optimization. We feel like we can make a big dent in quality, just like we're doing on the profitability side, top of the house in ROTCE. We're going to be closing the gap on the NIM side as well. And that doesn't depend on rate, given what you heard Bruce, in terms of the mix shift alone drove about half of our benefits year-over-year.
John Woods: Yeah. I think we're [indiscernible], if you look at - I think we're in the neighborhood of 14 million [ph] or so of borrowings. That should be about stable going forward. We think about that in terms of generally wholesale borrowings funding portfolio. So we look at the whole balance sheet. We're in kind of at right spot. And so what we expect to see big changes in that going forward.
John Woods: I think you hit it. We're making investments across these four or five businesses, and I think that capital markets we have seen some breakout. But I don't think we call any of these businesses fully insured [ph], and so I think that's the forward-looking view on [indiscernible] going forward.
John Woods: Yes, just to add that so our tax rate being in the neighborhood of 32%, the attention that we have indicated [ph]. I think part of reason for that is that we are under penetrated in tax advantaged investments and the text credit opportunities that many of our peers have availed themselves over many, many years. So we got started as a little bit latter and we are catching up and we will catch up overtime and continue to invest in those programs. So but you'll see that that offset our earnings growth being offset by a ramp on catching up to the pack in the tax exempt area.
John Woods: Well, no. We manage all of our resources as if there are constrained, right I mean so capital liquidity is better up, and we balance our liquidity, our sources against our opportunities on the asset side. And so we're seeing nice flows on the deposit side. We have 2% growth in deposits this quarter which is high end of peers. So we're feeling pretty good about our ability to fund our growth going forward.
John Woods: I'll try to jump in on that and others can add in. So in the other - what's held for sale is mortgage stuff but it's also loans that were pending syndication. So you'll see both of that driving the held for sale category and so they are both drivers, and we had flow in both of those areas that would increase to the health of those numbers at the end of September in particular the syndication volume that is yet to be pulled down. On the mortgage fronts, yeah, I mean I think we're looking to remix our off balance sheet leverage, if you will, and some non-conforming piece, but the non-conforming is still a good product for us. We're seeing good risk adjusted returns there, they drive customers in to the bank. Those customers are candidates for deposit products and maybe are actually existing customers of the bank that we're serving and they are also candidates for our other offerings. We are looking to drive both of those and the off balance sheet conforming piece won't come at the sacrifice of non-confirming piece.
Bruce Van Saun: And Ken, it's Bruce, I'll just add to that. I think what we're really seeking to do is put a little more program discipline. I think we've been doing a good job of balance sheet optimization all along. But we're going to look for opportunities to shift the mix in consumer in particular and formalize that, and have targets in place. We'll look for pricing discipline across all portfolios John mentioned auto. But I think there is opportunities in elsewhere, in consumer and then in commercial in particular as we look at rollovers. So we will have a program that allocates out responsibilities to specific individuals with targets that we monitor much the way we run the TOP program.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. And there again I think the goal is to continue to achieve good levels, robust levels of earning asset growth going forward, while we're making those remixing decisions. But I think we've done that pretty well all along. I'd say the things that hit the numbers this quarter really was the aftermath of that late Q2 loan sale on commercial and then some. I'd say the stretched conditions that we saw in commercial we're not really going to push on our rope here. If it's not there we'll be disciplined, but I think we saw in September things starting to pick up a bit. And I think the sentiment in Washington if we start to see the pro-growth agenda take place that can also create I think more loan demand which will ease some of the pressures that we're seeing on the commercial side. I might flip it over to Don for some color there.
Bruce Van Saun: And I'd just add to that, I'll flip it to Brad too for some color. But the other thing I'd point out Ken is that we’re very consistent on our consumer side loan growth. So we've been kind of in a 5.5%, 6% annualized growth rate every quarter which we saw again this past quarter. I think some of the reason we've been able to achieve that is we have unique spaces that we're playing, such as the education refinance market, such as personnel unsecured with our corporate partners. And so we expect to continue to see opportunities to build on that. And so that can inure us from any little dips that we see in the overall consumer loan demands. So Brad maybe --.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, why don’t I start and flip it to John. But you know I think the consumer side continues to be well behaved. And so I think we're continuing to see discipline hold throughout the market and the higher you get in the cycle you start to see the betas rise. But right now they are still quite low. On a commercial side obviously there is sophisticated companies there, as you particularly get up into the bigger size companies, they have treasurers and they're looking for - to participate as rates go up. They see the cost of their loans going up. So they want that cost on the funds that they're leaving with us to reflect the rate rise. And so I think we've done a good job of continuing to grow there and rotate out some of the higher cost segments like financial institutions and government and try to get more organic growth coming from corporates. And then particular areas that we haven't really fished for deposits in like commercial real estate, we are launching some new products like escrow deposit. So I think overall, we're really pleased that we're tracking to our own models in terms of how things are going. And the last thing I'll say is that we're also - even though we're paying up a little for these deposits, what we're doing with the funds in terms of the loan growth that we're funding is very attractive. So the areas that Brad just talked at Refi loans, the personal unsecured loans have very good yields. And so it continues to benefit us, these transactions at the margin, if you look at match funding of what's growing and the asset side what's growing on the deposit side, those were very accretive and they are accretive to our NIM and they are accretive to our ROTCE So with that why don't I pass it over to you John.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I think it's the two, it's the auto footprint plus the starting - when we've started to mixing more prime in with the super prime correct.
Bruce Van Saun: It's relatively small, and it's quite small on an overall basis. The vintage we're seeing the stress in we stopped originating in that, that's [Multiple Speakers] we spotted. So it'll be an immaterial piece of the portfolio.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, great. And then the last part you said potentially more acquisitions, I think yeah. I think we will look to do smart bolt on acquisitions potentially in the areas that we just talked about, if it can get us farther down the track faster I like to say. So like with the M&A boutique, Western Reserve that we did in 2017 they took us from roughly six M&A bankers to 36 M&A bankers which given the size client base we have is where we need to be. We potentially still can scale up I think and serve our customers well. But if there is things we find in wealth or capital markets or the payments space that make sense to us, we're going to start having the periscope out and start to look at things. But again I think there will be very digestible from a size standpoint. They won't knock us off our game in terms of capital return. And so I think they will just be things that we feel make sense. They're down the fairway, they fit and they can help address the need to get up that fee percentage and do more for our customer base.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I'll take that. And we're very pleased with the programs. Continue to go very well in both the Apple program and Vivint program are growing for us. They've been very good partners. We do have other similar type of retailers and merchants coming to us asking us to work with them on building programs for them. So we certainly think that there is upside. The credit performance has been very good and in line with our expectations and I'll just throw out a reminder that all the programs that we've entered into up until now have a degree of risk sharing. So that even makes the credit performance more stable on those programs. So all in all, we're very bullish on that as a business opportunity.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I think the 10% we've build those is our medium term IPO base targets. And I think what we have said all along is let us achieve those targets before we raise the bar. It feels great to work hard and execute well and hit those targets. And think we will as we work on our budget for next year and freshen our strategic plan, you could expect us at some point next year to give you some additional targets that would be higher than where we are today. So I said in my opening remarks that I do think, what's gotten us this far, what's taken us from 4 to 10 is still pretty much the crux of how we want to operate the business. We want to be disciplined on expenses to try to find efficiencies. So we confirmed our growth and investments. We have a very strong capital position, so we can continue to grow the balance sheet and bring new customers to the bank. We're investing in the fee businesses and we should start to see increasing traction through deeper customer relationships. So everything that's taken us from 4 to 10 should be able to continue to propel us higher as long as we stay really disciplined and execute really well. So stay tuned and we'll I think have a comparable set of targets that we would move higher and that will be sometime in 2018 we'll reveal that.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Actually we could go, if there is a few more people in the queue, we can take up two or three more, Justin.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah I think you hit it there. I mean we started to build liquidity coverage ratio as basically how we look at those, and I think that's a much more sensitive measurement of what our liquid asset position is versus what deposit outflows could be in [indiscernible]. So it's a much more reliable measure and we have a strong LCR ratio. Year over year it's more of an output of that, but nevertheless it is a helpful measure to report and easy to calculate, it's right off the balance sheet. So we look at both, but the primary measure really is the LCR.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah and the LCR is well above the minimums. So feeling quite good about where the liquidity and funding position sits today.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah they're all performing extremely well. We monitor it very, very closely, as you would fully expect, we look at each and every little vintage, look at the emergence of the loss curves for each individual vintage, and each and every vintage of those portfolios is performing right in line with the expectation that we have, and in some cases better. So we don't see any stress in those portfolios. Keep in mind that we play very much in the super prime space as it relates to those products. So we have average FICOs in the 780 range or above for all of our originations. So these are very high credit quality loans and we're improving the credit quality with our cash flow of the borrowers with the refi products. So they're performing extremely well.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah so nothing large scale today, as Brad mentioned. Maybe a bit more traffic in the CD area where we're seeing it, seeing some great [indiscernible], but not as much in money market. So our cost of funds impact is limited.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, why don't I just wrap up the call here by thanking you once again for dialing in today. We truly appreciate your interest. It's really gratifying to hit our milestones this quarter. We're going to continue to stay focused on the work in front of us, yet to come to build a great bank and to do even better. So thank you and have a great day.
Brad Conner: Yeah. Bruce I think you articulated it well. We've got a unique space in student and unsecured which is providing the runway for both of those to continue to grow. We've had good growth in mortgage lending and we believe that will continue. And really what we're talking about in auto really shouldn't change the trend line because we've already been pulling back in auto. In fact you saw that.
Brad Conner: Begin to reduce in and we've got out of this relationship a couple of quarter or last quarter or so. I think there is plenty of reason to believe that the trends that we've seen up until now can continue.
Brad Conner: You hit it. 2Q is seasonally low, that is the typical seasonally low period. So that explains the quarterly increase and to the point we've got very isolated, it was related to auto footprint 2016 vintages. We stopped those vintages right away. And the other thing I would just point out was we said for quite some time we've began to expand our credit from super prime to sort of mainstream prime. So we always expected a little bit of an increase and very much in line with what we expected and we have given some guidance on consumer losses a quarter plus ago.
Brad Conner: Yeah. So there was couple of events of that but if you - let me answer from the standpoint of originations in the third quarter. So the third quarter originations about 10% of our student originations came from purchasing SoFi loans, about 60% of our work came from the - 55% are so came from our own organic originations and then the remainder from are Ed Refi, yeah, I'm in the remainder from the in-school product. So it's about 90% of our block was - in the third quarter was organic originations.
Brad Conner: The only thing I would add is that I think on the mortgage side in terms of the opportunity to continue to grow speed, bring more scale, we talked about possibly getting into the corresponding business, maybe acquisition and then getting more scale and a very good servicing operation that we have is a real opportunity for us.
Brad Conner: There is a little bit I mean we certainly see some competition, some difference in competition and in terms of what are the lean rates for money markets and CD, there is a geographic mix to that. But beyond that no measurable difference then in betas by geography.
Brad Conner: No, I think that John said it exactly right. We are looking to really just acceleration of the non-conforming piece.
