Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. We're pleased to report another strong quarter today, with underlying net income up 36% and diluted EPS up 38% year-over-year. These results were paced by solid loan growth of 5% year-on-year, continued NIM expansion, which combined with good expense discipline drove 5% underlying positive operating leverage, excluding Franklin American Mortgage acquisition. Our underlying ROTCE improved to 14.1%. The underlying efficiency ratio dropped to 56.7%. Our success in hitting our new medium-term financial targets has led us to raise them again, which we will cover later in the call. For the full year, our results were also strong. Underlying net income was up 32%, and diluted earnings per share was up 38%. Our PPNR growth was 13%. We consistently exceeded expectations each quarter during the year given our disciplined execution along with favorability on credit. We feel very positive about the accomplishments in progress that we made in 2018. Some of the highlights from my perspective include: first, strong execution of our TOP and our BSO programs; we had excellent progress on our customer, colleague and community agendas; we had some really strong technology innovation, including the launch of Citizens Access, reaching 10 fintech partnerships and great momentum on our digital and data agenda; acceleration of our branch transformation effort with 109 branch actions delivered; and also the smooth opening of our new campus in Johnston, Rhode Island. We made 2 smart fee-based acquisitions, Franklin American Mortgage and Clarfeld Financial Advisors, and we delivered strong returns of capital to shareholders including 2 dividend increases with a dividend now up 45% year-on-year. We also added some great talent to the company including Ned Kelly and Terry Lillis to the board, and Michael Ruttledge, recently, as our new Head of Technology. Now as we've many peer banks, there is a disconnect between our progress on the field and our stock price in 2018, but that said, we are focused on what we can control and our expectation is that if we continue to execute well, run the bank better and better and make the right investments to grow our franchise value, then the stock will recover and better reflect our true value. The market's been concerned with the possibility of recession and rising credit costs. Our view is that a recession is unlikely in '19 or '20, and the economy is on a sound footing. We have been highly disciplined in the process of growing our balance sheet and our expectation is that we will perform better than the median super regional in the next downturn. We did moderate our loan growth somewhat in 2018 relative to our beginning of the year outlook, and we've steered away from riskier lending on both the commercial and consumer sides. During the choppy Q4 loan markets, we did not take any underwriting losses or have any hung deals. We've provided our usual detailed guidance for 2019 in our slide deck, which John will cover in a few minutes. The blueprint will seem very familiar, reasonable loan growth, some NIM expansion, better growth on fees, good expense discipline and positive operating leverage. Credit provision, while normalizing somewhat, should remain well behaved. And we will continue to prudently manage our capital base. So in summary, our expectation is for another year of good execution and further progress across the board. With that, let me turn it over to John.
Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, John. Turning to Page 22. Let's shift gears and focus on where we're taking Citizens over the medium term. We have a mission to really make a difference for our customers, colleagues and communities so that they can reach their potential. Banks that can deliver this will build long-term franchise value and stand out in a crowded banking landscape. And we are committed to getting the balance right between building long-term franchise value while also delivering consistent earnings growth and attractive returns. The bottom of the page shows where we will differentiate to be successful. First off is our culture. We have a very powerful customer-centric culture. Next is our discipline around how we're trying to run the bank better each and everyday. I think our financial and operating discipline is fairly unique amongst the regional banks. And lastly, we are committed to excellence being a trusted advisor, having great leaders, having great digital capabilities, a great ability to use data, those things that will really distinguish us. On Page 23, let me identify some of the keys to taking our financial performance to the next level. There's 3 things that I would point to that are listed here on this page. First, what's gotten us this far are the same things that should propel us further. So having a top leadership team, having a good game plan, a good ability to execute and make the investments that position us for long-term growth, those things will continue to propel us forward. I look at what we've accomplished over the past 5 years as a great foundation for an even better next 5 years. Next, the enterprise-wide initiatives like our TOP program and our balance sheet optimization program still have a good amount of running room, and they are fairly differentiating for us relative to our peers. And then lastly, we're doing a very good job of not only delivering and putting points on the board with our short-term execution, but we're spending a lot of time thinking about our long-term strategy, thinking about what's changing in the banking environment, what's changing in technology, what are the investments we need to make to continue to be successful and position us to drive strong franchise value. And it boils down to some extent to a growth mindset, to look for those opportunities where we can find new revenue pools, new ways of doing business, new ways of serving customers, and we feel good about our ability to do just that. On Page 24, we present our new medium-term financial targets. You can see that we've outlined our expectations for the overall economic environment, which is relatively constructive. Our the medium term, we expect to deliver continued improvement in ROTCE, moving our target range up by 1% to 14% to 16%. We are not expecting much in the way of further rate increases and while GDP growth will slow relative to 2018, we do not expect a recession anytime soon. The key to the continued ROTCE improvement is continuing to deliver positive operating leverage, and there TOP and BSO will be appointed to this given the potential for fewer tailwinds from the environment. We expect to see continued efficiency ratio improvement down towards 54%, we also expect to see some normalization in credit from the excellent performance that we're seeing today. And we continue to be focused on returning capital to our shareholders through our repurchase program and targeting a dividend payout of 35% to 40%. Over this time frame, we would expect to reduce our CET1 ratio towards our target of around 10%. So to sum up, on Page 25, we feel that we've delivered strong results in Q4 and for the full year 2018. We are focused on growing the bank in profitable and sustainable ways and we will continue to deliver improved efficiency and effectiveness. We feel our balance sheet remains robust and our credit position is in great shape. And as we head into 2019, we feel very good about our ability to grow the business and drive towards our new targets. As you know, we've been a public company now for about 4 years. At the outset, we had a lot of work to do to, to address the issues that arose from the challenges faced by RBS. Today, the feeling inside Citizens is that we've turned the corner. We've addressed many of the challenges we faced at our IPO. We have demonstrated our ability to set a course, develop a plan and execute that plan. We have a long-standing effort to drive ROTCE higher, drive our efficiency ratio down, normalize the capital ratio and grow EPS. And we have made good steady progress on that path, quarter in and quarter out. We are now in a new phase that we're calling Aiming For Excellence, on our way towards becoming a top-performing regional bank. So with that, Operator, let's open it up for some questions.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. So if you recall, last January, we had a 10% to 10.25% as our target range. We've taken the 10.25% range out and so we just moved the target to 10%. I do think we're going through a transition where the regional banks may look to push the capital ratios down a bit. There is -- the Fed proposal's out. And as we've said in the past, we don't see any reason why we can't operate at the median of our peers. So if that moves down to 9.5%, say, then I think you could see us, in the future, making adjustment and over time bring that back to where the peers are. So we are -- that may be a tad conservative to leave it at 10%. That's where we're leaving it for now. Obviously, it would drive up and have positive implications on our ROTCE if we ran it at a little more levered.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, sure, Erika. I'll start with that point first and there's a good slide in the appendix that shows that as RBS ran into its challenges and needed to raise capital levels, Citizens being owned by RBS had to rundown its assets, did not receive TARP funding. And so when you ultimately delever and you're in a high fixed-cost business, it really hurts your profitability. So part of our strategy here in recovering the bank's profitability was we needed to grow assets and gain that leverage back. And I think we've done that in a very, very disciplined way. On the Consumer side, we've decided to grow our mortgage business, which brings two things. It brings fees but it also brings high-quality assets. But then we also look for some niches like education refinance loans, where we're one of the leaders, if not the leader, in the market, which is I think a very great product, a, for the borrower and for society but also good for us in terms of risk-adjusted returns. And then our merchant financing partnerships with Apple and others and stay tuned, more to come, those also I think offer very good risk-adjusted returns and we have typically a loss-sharing arrangement with our partner. So I feel really good on the Consumer side that we've been disciplined and we've had a desire to grow but we've been very careful in where we're growing. And then on the Commercial side, similarly, we've scaled up the business by hiring some great bankers. We've got really good credit people, starting with Don, who is here with me in the room but also on our credit team. And so I think we've brought over some new relationships to the bank that come with the bankers that we hire, the seasoned banker that we hired. So we've grown in our industry verticals, which tend to be bigger companies, which tend to be better credits and when we've gone into new regions, we tend to focus on the bigger companies there as well, which tend to be higher-quality credit. So another slide in the appendix shows that even just over the past year, the quality of the credit book in Commercial and in Consumer has improved. So we are not growing for growth sake. We're growing in very disciplined fashion, both on the Commercial side and the Consumer side.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I agree with that, Matt, and let me start, and then Don certainly is well positioned to offer the color on this. At the top of the house, we want to have diversity and granularity in terms of our credit exposures and so we do run a leveraged lending limit and we kind of run it very tightly and try to get a lot of throughput against that limit. So the goal, ultimately, when we are doing sponsored leveraged loans, for example, is to serve customers that we've known for a long time, that we have confidence that they're good operators, help them finance the deals that they want to do and then limit our hold position and view that as really originate-to-distribute kind of business and I think we've been quite successful at that. And I think you can just see in the fourth quarter when the markets were seizing up that we didn't take underwriting losses, we didn't have hung deals. I think we have a good sense for where the markets are. So and then the other aspect is if you look at Commercial Real Estate, that's another kind of typical worry bead that you have to stay very focused on, what's your limit overall? How much exposure do you want to take? I would say there that there we're -- our limit is quite a bit under our peer level of exposure still today, and so there is a slide in the appendix that shows that. And I think again, the question you need to focus on granularity, making sure that you are not overweighted in any particular class like office or multifamily, making sure that you have geographic diversity, making sure you're banking really good operators that you've known for a long time. And I think we apply those same disciplines on the CRE side as well on leveraged loan. So a lot of this gets to people and leadership. Feel really good about Don, feel good about the whole credit team, Rob Allen runs commercial credit. Very experienced people. And I guess you almost have to go through a cycle to prove it, but when you run the CCAR results, we're kind of in the pack. We are kind of median. So for people to be disproportionately worrying about our credit because we're relatively new company doesn't seem to be sensible. Anyway, with that, I'll turn it over to Don.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, look, obviously, we pay attention to the stock price but really the big focus is just keep running the company better than we think the stock will take care of itself. We have to be careful not to be market-timers here in terms of these programs. And you get your CCAR approval in quarterly windows and you can try to change that but it's a little cumbersome. So yes, I think when we go in and think about next year and the CCAR ask will take the stock price into account to some extent. But our view is that the flexibility that we've had, the ability to deploy it in some of these fee deals, it's a complex problem we're trying to solve. We're trying to get our returns up, but we're also trying to expand our capabilities and cement our relationships with our customers and address the kind of fee gap that we have. And so we'll continue, I think, to use good judgment on that like we have, like you've seen us in the past.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And then the second part, Ken, is I think our fintech partnerships if you look at what we've done have really been powering new capabilities. So it's a kind of build-versus-buy decision that we take. And if, for example, SigFig has a great robo-advisory product, why should we build that? Let's just figure out, which one is best on the market and then integrate it into our offerings. Same thing with our small business origination platform powered by Fundation. Why build that? You've got a great product capability. Figure out how to integrate it. So on and on and on, when you add up to 10 fintech partnerships, we've done a lot of that. And I think we've actually become quite good at surveilling the marketplace, having good prioritization of what's important and what can offer the best impact in terms of how we're running the bank and delivering for customers. And then we're effectively a very good general contractor, we know how to integrate these things reasonably, quickly and cost effectively.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, that's a good question, Gerard. And I think it's not just financial so I think the kind of knee-jerk is well, he must be talking about a ROTCE or efficiency ratio or something like that. And I think to us a top-performing bank is one that delivers well for all its stakeholders. And so consistently we've had an agenda of improvement as that what do we do across, what we call, the 3C's, the customers, the colleagues, the communities. And I think we've seen tremendous progress there and there's more to go for us to be one of the most admired banks. We have to continue to drive our consumer J.D. Power score higher, our net promoter score higher. On commercial, we're pretty much there. We need more customers, we have kind of top-of-class customer satisfaction. On the colleague front, we want to be a great place to work and build a career. And so we have an organizational health index score that we're 2 points off the top quartile, so we've made a lot of progress from the middle of the third quartile, we're getting to the top quartile. If you're in the top quartile, you attract great people, you keep on and it helps drive stock outperformance so that's important to us. On the community front, we have taken our volunteer hours, almost tripled them from 50,000. When I walked in the door we had 135,000 this year, so really make an impact and spreading more as we make more money, we can also invest more money to make communities better places to live, work and play in. Regulatory, we needed completely clean regulatory dance card, which we've achieved after a lot of hard work so that feels good as well. And then coming back to financial measures, yes, we've got to continue to drive our ROTCE higher. We haven't done that through deals as some of our peers have over time, we've done it effectively through organic growth. And so I think we're closing in on the pack and I think we can continue over the next 5 years to do what we've done to keep driving upwards within the peer group.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I think like we've done is one step at a time, don't set the bar for where you want to be in five years. We're raising our ROTCE target modestly, and we think we can keep nudging it forward. The first step on the fees is to get back a three handle and get to 30 and then hopefully, over time, we can push it higher.
Bruce Van Saun: I guess the -- first of, we feel very good about the totality of the portfolio. If you look at Consumer, Brad, you don't really see any trouble spots.
Bruce Van Saun: No migrations in delinquency bucket. So you're feeling very good and Don, you obviously, there's no hotspot...
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And I'd say, when we look at the guidance for next year, we had I think an even higher guide for this year and we beat that comfortably. There's always a presumption that credit will normalize. There's always a presumption that you're going to be building your allowance and so provision should cover charge-offs. That really -- that happened a little bit this year but not to the extent that we thought it would. And really that's because of the back book continues to clean up and provide offsets to what you would need to set aside for loan growth. So that could happen again this year. I think, we're just always going to be a bit conservative and put a number out there that implies that we'll see some normalization implies that we'll see a decent size build in those numbers. But again, right now, we don't see a lot of issue and so we could end up doing better as the year goes by.
Bruce Van Saun: Year-over-year on commercial C&I. So that could still continue to run hard. I think what Don was saying there was that, that gives us the opportunity to review we have a quintile analysis, what our returns up and down the customer stack and if there's ones where we're not getting the right returns, we're not getting the cross-sell that we need, we can start to run some of those off to make room for new opportunities as they come on. So I don't think we grow C&I gross at 8, we grow it something less than that because we'll start to do that catharsis of moving some relationship.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. We had touched on that earlier. So it's on the commercial side, a bounce back in Capital Markets. Another strong year from what we call Global Markets or FX and interest-rate business and the introduction of some new -- a new platform, a new services in our cash management area and then on the consumer side, really well. I think we'll be quite strong even ex-Clarfeld. And then our card business, we've been investing in getting some growth there as well.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. That's another area at upside if we can close the gap in DDA-to-total-deposits ratio. That would be very powerful.
Bruce Van Saun: The other thing that, Brad, you might briefly mention. I know we're running over here a little bit. But the mortgage business offers a great opportunity to innovate. So we're moving to a more digital model. We've got some fintech relationships teed up for this year, so we're quite excited about all of that.
Bruce Van Saun: I'd say, we -- if you look at what we raised, it was about $3 billion in slightly less than 6 months. That's $1.5 million a quarter. I think we'll have to decide as we go through the year to where do we want to put the throttle because it's quite price elastic. But I would think we could do $1 billion a quarter quite easily as we go through this year and still stay underneath John's let's keep it under 10%. And then the other thing I would say is that in addition to test and learn back to our core customers in our footprint, there's also an opportunity that we're really focused on is how we turn those kind of 1-product customers into more fulsome customers. And so there's testing and learning there as well as to now we have 75,000 new customers. What else can we do for those customers? We're servicing 200,000 mortgages with Franklin. We have through our merchant partnerships, over 1 million customers. And so it's I think really exciting to have those good digital capabilities, those data capabilities, and then start to figure out how can we drive new revenue streams and deeper relationships across that whole set of relationships that we're building. Okay, I think that's the queue. So we're glad we had a chance to stay around and answer everybody's questions today. And for all of you on the call, thanks for dialing in today. We certainly appreciate your interest and support, so have a great day. Thank you.
John Woods: Yes, no, I think you pretty much covered the highlights. I think the key message being that even without the deals, Clarfeld and Franklin, we're seeing nice growth and then you will see the full year effects of both Franklin and Clarfeld that you'll see that's also built into our guidance. But I think you hit the important points without Franklin and Clarfeld on both Commercial and Consumer.
John Woods: Yes, it's okay. Maybe just add that I think it served us well to have this gradual glide path that we've been on. Given that, as Bruce mentioned earlier, we just went IPO 4 years ago, and we continue to find new opportunities to deploy capital, which is clearly our primary goal to deploy capital in excess of cost of capital and so whether that's through loan growth or targeted fee-based acquisitions, we've been pleased with the flexibility that this glide path has created for us. So we'll continue to balance that as we look towards that target.
John Woods: Yes, I'll go ahead and take that one. So we -- it's hard to know exactly but I think we model out something in the neighborhood of 6 to 12 months post the final Fed hike where deposit costs lag starts to continue to burn in, a little bit higher earlier in that period and just kind of tapers off over that first year is how we model it out. I think the dynamics you should think about is, remember, our portfolio is about 50% floating, about 50% fixed and even if the Fed doesn't hike, we still have this momentum of that front book on the 50% that's fixed that continues to reprice over the remaining lives of those assets as long as loan rates don't fall. And so that's why you're seeing the fact that we're still confident that we can continue to drive NIM growth because of that dynamic in terms of how we're organized, and that will be net positive. In addition to that, we have our management's actions and BSO that we will add to that, that will help solidify our confidence that we can continue to drive NIM going forward.
John Woods: Yes, I'll go ahead and take that. So a couple of items to think about the first quarter. First and foremost is, yes, we have the December hike but when you look at the outlook for 1Q, we've got a 17 basis point rise in LIBOR expected versus what you saw in the fourth quarter, which would have been around 24 basis points. So I think you've got to take that into consideration in terms of how that drives the -- our C&I loans and our loan yields. But the other item as I mentioned, earlier, the deposit cost lag is post-December, tends to be strongest in the earlier part of the year and tapers off towards the later part of the year as we look at it. So you'll see the dynamic of the deposit cost increase continuing to the first quarter and across the industry. And then that will taper and what will happen is the strength of the front book in the fixed part of the portfolio that I talked about before will just continue to provide benefits quarter-after-quarter. So in the earlier part of 2019, maybe as we say more stable but then as you get towards the later part of 2019, you get deposit costs dissipating and you have the continued burn-in of front book, back book, anywhere from 50 basis points in some of our fixed portfolios up to as much as 150 basis points of front-book yields that exceed back-book yields. So that's the main dynamic without management's action as I talked about before, that plays out, which we say is, I think, over the year a net positive and then the new layer on all the balance sheet optimization work that we're are doing that you need to us. Both on the loan side, where we're rotating lower-returning assets into higher risk-adjusted return assets. And even on the deposit side, we've got a series of initiatives in both commercial and consumer to improve our deposit profile. And we're excited about what that can contribute in 2019 as well.
John Woods: Maybe just to add quickly to that, I think that over the medium term, we do aspire to grow fees faster than our net interest income line. And as that base has been growing over the past several years with the Fed hiking, just we've got to improve and innovate just to stay flat on the -- in the fee space. So I think we would see that improve a bit going forward, and we're in the high-20s right now, in terms of fees versus total revenues. And I think we'd like to see that get to 30 or higher.
John Woods: Yes, yes. Over time when you -- as you progress towards your target capital ratio and if you get to a level of stabilization there, you're going to basically think about solidifying that dividend in respect of your earnings being, as you can see it. Approximately 1/3 of your earnings in a given year and then you're looking for deploying capital, just in organic ways, it's going to take upwards of another third or more of your earnings in any given year and then you've got to rest to think about strategic investments whether that's small tuck-ins on the fee income side or giving it back to shareholders through buybacks. So that will change and vary over time but as a big picture, when you get to stabilization, that's sort of how we think about it.
John Woods: I'll go ahead and take that. I think we're well position. I mean, I think when you look at where we stand, we have less than 1% of our -- 1 percentage point, if you will, in our Tier 1 stack in the 81% area, whereas most peers are over 1 percentage point, contributing to their Tier 1 ratio. So that's dry powder. We'll consider that over time as we think about optimizing capital. But as we've been able to grow our ROEs and our ROTCEs, then clearly the benefit of that preferred deal that we did earlier this quarter is very compelling. So again, we'll consider that over time in our submissions and our interaction with the Fed, but I think you could look at that as another area of opportunity and potential that we have versus peers. And we'll be trading that off against growth opportunities going forward.
John Woods: Yes, I think our goal is to grow deposits roughly in line with loans. We have -- we think about deposits -- really funding for loan growth and keeping that LDR in that range that we've talked about in the high 90s that you've seen from us. And I think that -- I mean that could come down a tick. But generally, that's worked well for us and has allowed us to continue on our path of driving net interest margin higher and driving ROTCE higher. And I think when you come back to the BSO program, we're looking to not only grow the overall level of deposits, but we're looking for ways to improve the quality of those deposits. And that's a big part of when we talk about BSO contributing in '19 and beyond. We've got a fair bit of opportunity within the deposit portfolio itself to contribute, so we're excited about that possibility.
John Woods: Yes, I think, couple of things there. Sure, it's -- mortgage market is cyclical, and you've got to be thinking about that as your managing the business and Brad can comment on that. But as we look out, we're responding on the expense side and on the capacity side as a lot of mortgage companies are. And so you could see us continuing to aspire to hit those targets, maybe in a slightly different way. With a smaller mortgage market, you might see a tiny bit less on the revenue side, but you'll also see a little lower on the expense side as well. So I feel like we're still on track not only in the integration, but also in terms of what we expect for that platform to deliver. It's bringing a significant number of customers into the bank. We love the strategy over the long term that this platform provides us, and I think our guidance is still intact that we communicated earlier, maybe with possibly a slightly different path to get there.
John Woods: I think we may have covered this before. I'll start off. I think we look at this being less than 10% of our deposits over the long term rate. I mean, I think this is -- as we mentioned upfront, it's a relatively modest part of our overall deposit base, which is quite large. And so when you think about $3 billion, that's really around 2 percentage or a little bit more than 2% of our deposit base. It's incredibly important strategically though. This is one of the fastest-growing segment of the deposit markets in the United States. The customers are incredibly affluent. We're intent on a test and learn strategy so that we can drive some of what we learn from this incredibly value customer segment back into our branch businesses. So it has outsized qualitative importance to us over time, as I said, in all likelihood into single digits of total deposits. But important not only in the here and now, but also over time in terms of how we may want to expand our offerings on the platform.
Donald McCree: Yes. I think you hit most of the high points, Bruce. So I think it starts to decline selection first and foremost, so where we've long-standing relationships with the vast majority whether it be sponsors or corporate clients we're doing business with. Our growth of the margin as Bruce said, in the growth regions tends to be larger companies, and we've -- we purposely have stayed away from the middle market in those areas because I do worry about adverse selection as if we do get wobbly. So we're dealing with better more nimble, larger companies. The second thing that you've mentioned, Bruce, is origination for distribution. Virtually, everything we do in the risk side of thing, we distribute the vast majority. You heard there's a lot of commentary out in the system about the nonbanks and the nonbanks taking share from the banks, but that's where most of the residual risk is going on the leverage -- lending portfolios. We have very granular holds, I'd say, in our leverage lending books. Our holds are in the $10 million range. And I think the service we -- that we're are providing our clients is really diversifying and what you're seeing is try to do more multiproduct business with every client that we're banking. So the addition of Western Reserve, the addition of securities capabilities to distribute not only in loan markets but the bond markets. The ability to deliver risk management to our clients in our hedging business, foreign exchange and interest rates just makes us more relevant with the client and lets us know them better also. We're also doing -- we're doing some interesting things in our payments business where we're getting to explore patterns in our payments business, which could become early-warning indicators of companies having problems. And we've also built a restructuring business, which is a remediation business that helps clients change their balance sheets if they begin to get hiccups in their operating models. So -- and I think the last point that Bruce made is really important. That the people that we have engaging with our clients, approving our credits. Remember in Commercial, every single credit extension is approved on an idiosyncratic basis so credit quality, structure, collateral, everything, we have 30-year professionals, not only in are underwriting syndicated lending businesses but also in our credit teams, most of which have come from large money-center banks. So everyone -- notwithstanding the fact that we're relatively a new company has been around the block numerous times. And we also -- we're all acutely aware of the downside of spiking credit costs and what that can do to an operating performance.
Donald McCree: So the other thing that I was going to add, it's Don, we also view this, and you mentioned bright side of the house with partnerships very effectively. So in any expansion effort that were under way we look at organic build, we look at acquisition, we also look at partnership. And particularly, in our cash management businesses we've struck at number of partnerships, which have extended our product capabilities and will allow us to continue to grow that business.
Donald McCree: Yes, and we have a very good partnership with the Prudential on permanent real estate financing where they do permanent real estate against our construction books, and we go to market together. We have another very interesting partnership on the equity side for REIT Equity, where we use an investment bank to comarket with us and do relending our REIT equity. So we've got quite a few of these, which allow us to broaden a service setting capture more of the opportunity with the clients.
Donald McCree: So when I answer that, I think you see lower growth levels in real estate and that's strategic. And we're being at the margin more selective on our real estate underwriting because there is some froth in that market. That's particularly true in the multifamily space where we actually downdrafted our growth about two years ago and that portfolio is beginning to mature. So I would say kind of low to mid-single digits is where you see our real estate growth. It's kind of same-ish thing. I've got -- got 5% to 6% in my mind on C&I growth. You could see us exiting portfolios as we drive towards BSO. So the actual gross growth could be lower than that as we trim the portfolio. That being said, we see very robust pipelines right now. And our origination pipelines are running higher than they were at this time last year so there is definitely client interest in engaging with this and borrowing money.
Donald McCree: And I think, back to the question that was asked before, I think what that does it allow us to move for fee lines also because we will be recycling for capital against higher opportunities on the fee side of the balance sheet. So look at loan growth and fee growth kind of in parallel.
Donald McCree: It's Don, I'll answer that. So cash management, we -- so if you look at our cash management business, it breaks down into 3 or 4 different sub-businesses, so a traditional treasury services, which is our payments businesses, our credit card business, our trade finance business and our merchant services business. The overall business has actually been growing faster than the industry. So we've been putting investment in it over the last couple of years and it's been growing quite nicely, and we're embedded very well with our core client base. Bruce mentioned we're putting a lot of investment around our digital portal right now and expanding our capabilities to stay on par, if not better than a lot of the competition. So we expect to get continued lift and incremental lift of those investments. Really starting the back end of 2019 is what we're targeting. In terms of competition, with the community banks, one of the reasons we're trying to build the diversity of product capabilities is to be able to solve any problems that our clients have. And frankly, our product set when we engage with clients is now close to complete, so if it's [indiscernible] interest rates are currency and have commodities or if it's raising capital to build a facility or do a dividend to an owner or if it's just regular way working capital lending, I would put us up against anybody not just community banks but even the largest banks in our ability to actually problem-solve and help our clients do their most important transactions. A huge incremental element of that issue was the M&A acquisition we did and the quality of assignments we're getting on our clients most important actions, which is buying and selling companies, is quite strong right now. So I've got zero worry about our ability to compete particularly, in our target segment, which is that midsize, mid-cap kind of company where we're very relevant.
Brad Conner: Yes, well, we've talked about this a lot. We like the student loan business a lot. It brings the right kind of customers in, and we think we're really well positioned. We've competed directly with [indiscernible] for quite some time so we don't think this acquisition really affects our position in the marketplace. So we think we're extremely well positioned and complementing our ability there. And again, like you said earlier, Bruce, I mean this is an asset that brings the right kind of customers, we've stated in the very high-credit quality area of the asset class, and brings in very attractive customers and helps us with our mix shift to higher asset return -- higher risk-adjusted returning asset.
Brad Conner: Yes. I mean, look we get the question all the time about our ability to compete in Petersburg and Philadelphia and Boston as some competitors are coming in. Bruce it goes back to a lot of things that you talked about earlier, which is we think we provide a great value proposition in those markets. We're very focused on exceptional customer experience. We've got a great presence in those markets, so we're strong on convenience. We've been investing heavily in digital. And you talked about some of the things that make a bank great and top performing. We're very involved in the communities of those markets, and we think that's tremendously valuable. So like Don, I don't have any concerns about our ability to compete head-on with anybody in those markets, whether it's a big national or whether it's a community.
Brad Conner: And John, I was just going to add to that. One of the things that we have been able to do is to outpace some of our peers in low-cost deposit growth, particularly DDA. You talked about in your opening comments, and we really do with -- believe what -- some of the work we've done around value proposition and sophisticated data and analytics. That's something we can continue to do is to outpace competitors on low cost...
Brad Conner: That's exactly right, Bruce. We've made a lot of investments. We keep talking about the investments we've made in data and analytics capability but that really does allow us to grow our direct-to-consumer side of business. And that's really supported by a great digital offering. And so we do have some fintech partners that we're working with on the digital side that create a digital offering on the front end. So we think there's opportunity even beyond just sort of the dynamics of the market.
