Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, Ellen. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. We're pleased to announce strong quarterly results today; it's always great to get off to a good start to the year. But importantly beyond the short-term results, I feel we're really doing a good job of staying focused on evolving our long-term strategy, given the rapid changes in technology, customer expectations, and the competitive dynamics that we face. We've changed from opportunity and risk; we seek to exploit opportunities that will strengthen our franchise, while minimizing potential risk. We have a significant cross section of our leadership team engaged in these efforts and the key will be to make good decisions to prioritize wealth and then go out and execute. The balancing the long and short-term requires skill and I believe we're doing a good job overall on this. Let me give you a few high-level takes on the quarter, before John gives you the full details. Now the quarter had some seasonal impacts but the year-over-year comparisons are the most meaningful. Our underlying earnings per share was up 19% year-over-year aided by the strong operating leverage which was 3.2% and even more impressively was 5% excluding acquisitions. What really stood out for me was strong fee income growth of X% ex the acquisitions compared with only 2% expense growth ex-acquisitions. We have consistently invested in our commercial fee businesses and regaining real traction in deepening relationships. Our capital markets revenue hit a record in the quarter; up 38%, has been our Global Markets business which is foreign exchange and interest rate products where revenues were up 33%. We just handled some great talents and were able to compete highly effectively against the biggest banks and our peers. And our TOP programs really are differentiating allowing us to become more efficient while serving customers more effectively. We bumped our TOP 5 estimated impact to $95 million to $105 million which is up $5 million and were hard at work on TOP 6 which is expected to be bigger and potentially more transformational. Another highlight for the quarter was our strong year-over-year average loan growth of 6% along with sequential loan growth of 1.5%. We continue to focus on attractive areas to deploy capital and improve our risk-adjusted returns. On the deposit side, we grew average deposits 6% year-on-year and 2% sequential quarter. We bought the spot quarter and loan to deposit ratio down below 95% with some nice performance from Citizens Access which has $4.6 billion in deposits as of quarter end. Even with the strong deposit growth, our deposit costs were manageable and our NIM held steady. We now have some additional balance sheet flexibility as we look ahead. On balance sheet management overall, I'm pleased with our DSO efforts which provide us a razor sharp focus on enhancing our growth, our NIM, and our return on capital. We continue to deploy some great new technology to better serve customers and to run the bank better. Slide 14 of our presentation provides you with some of the color including four new fintech partnerships in the quarter. Sufficed to say we expect a big leap forward in our technology capability and delivery in 2019. To me, it is one of the keys to our year. So overall we maintain a positive outlook for the balance of 2019 as we expect another year of good execution and further progress across the board. Let me stop there and turn it over to our CFO, John Woods.
Bruce Van Saun: I would just add a little color there is that there is broader efforts in just Citizens Access. Citizens Access in and of itself is a huge success story, but on commercial we've been investing in certain areas where we think we can gain some real traction in picking up natural share deposits with our pre-existing customers where we maybe didn't have the capabilities we talked about ex-growth, we talked about bankruptcy. So we're building those out. Those don't turn on a dime, they build gradually with time. So we're pleased with how that's developing. And then on the core consumer side, continuing to invest in data and analytics and being a little sharper in our offerings and targeting them to different segments of the market particularly mass affluent and affluent, we are seeing traction there. So pretty good performance across the board and very pleased the LDR is at a lower level now so which gives us a lot of flexibility going forward.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure. So I think what we've done for the five years prior has been really just work on ideas and coming up with deployment of different strategies around organizational design, spans and layers, automating starting to look at process automation and robotics. I think what we're -- and also some branch thinning and the like. I think what we're after in this go round is something that's a little broader in scope and so really deploying new technologies, artificial intelligence, and the like to new strategies for technology development. So there's a lot around technology and operations and they've guts of how we're running things. There's a lot in looking at processes end-to-end in terms of the transactions that we have customer-facing transactions and how are we going to improve those both in terms of their cost efficiency and their effectiveness and customer experience. So we have a fair amount there. So it's a broader look and typically in the TOP programs up to now, we've looked for very quick paybacks. So we didn't look at having significant technology investments and we wanted things that we would pay back within 18 months. And so in this version, we'll look at things a little more broader that might require some technology and might payback over two or three years but I do think we'll be able to move the needle on the efficiency ratio with the payback from these efforts. So we're quite excited, it’s early days. We're working through some ideas. The thing I would also emphasize here, John, is that we want to pair that with efforts that are going on for finding new revenue growth and finding different trusted ways to serve customers or create new products and services potentially a bit disruptive. There's a huge effort that we're undertaking now to really focus on how can we differentiate ourselves and similar to how we grew the education refinance business or we do the Apple relationship and having a very strong point of sale financing offering. We want to drive forward, so we can have more revenue growth in our peer set and actually keep the top-line going and then create a virtuous circle where we've got a good top-line we can afford the investment et cetera. So it's really a one, two punch. So part of it is let's really go after the cost base and transformational, and some of that will drop to the bottom-line. But some of that will help fund these investments to really drive future revenue growth.
Bruce Van Saun: Really it is idiosyncratic, I would add it's Bruce. But I think that was one that was in a unique bubble wrap and trying to part it over, so we don't see any read across anything else in commercial real estate.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And what I would also add to that, it’s Bruce, Ken is I think that what Don and his team have been able to do very effectively is marry the solution set by having our coverage officers work very closely with these enhanced product capabilities. So when we go out and call on clients we show up with value-added ideas and we're able to win the jump ball against very significant competition out there. We do a really good job of that and start to see the traction we get records -- capital markets speaks, we get records, FX and interest rates. So coming up with good ideas on how to hedge risks is also something that I think we've got huge traction. And so very pleased to see the maturation of the model and the very strong team approach in terms of how we're covering funds.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, so we have a stated medium-term objective to bring that down to 54%. And so I think a TOP 6 like program is going to be required to accomplish that. So I do think it's important particularly if the Fed is done raising rates and maybe I will hold for a while here to get less in tailwinds than we had previously. So I think we have to go back and look at what are some of the offsets that you can deliver certainly control of your expense basis. One, but doing it smartly doing it in ways that actually provide the funding capacity just so by office, so that's what we're all about. Thanks.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, another area that we're really focused on is the growth in the fee based businesses where I think we have gotten off to a great start on the commercial side in Q1 and the outlook remains strong for the year. We got off to a little bit of a rough start on the consumer side but the outlook for Q2 is quite, quite good on the consumer side. So I'd expect to see some bounce back in mortgage and then also bounce back in wealth. So things move around there's puts and takes but I think the expense base is going to be important and then also driving that fee growth.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. So it probably reaffirmed the full-year outlook. And I think whenever you start moving through the year there's going to be some modest puts and takes. I think when you look at NII; the volume side of that equation is solid. So I think we're still looking to be solidly in the loan growth range that we set out to achieve. I think the NIM given the flatness of the curve and some of what we've experienced here early on in the year will be maybe a couple of basis points lower than what we anticipated, still positive in terms of NIM for the year-on-year. But maybe there's a little leakage there. I say where we'll make that up is I think a more robust view on fees and a better performance on expenses. So our ability here is to protect PPNR I think is pretty solid. And then we've had beats in the past couple of years on credit. So we'll see how that plays out. I feel pretty good right now where we sit in terms of the credit outlook. So that gives us the confidence that broadly reaffirms the outlook, Peter.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. So let me start, it’s Bruce and I will flip it over to Brad for more color. But I would have to say that this is the tremendous success this development since Citizen Access launched and I described all these goals. So what's goal today is gathering deposits in this environment, gathering new customers. We have $4.6 billion in deposits, we have over 60,000 new households that are customers in Citizens Bank and we have developed digital capabilities and the ability to use data that I think puts us in the Vanguard of our peer group and that's cold us well, so a lot of real positives coming out of this. I think that the next day now this is up and running we certainly want to fine tune the offerings to make sure we're gathering those deposits cost effectively, while meeting customer expectations. But if you have 60,000 customers what else can you do with them. And so that's really a Phase 2 project that we kicked off. And if you think about it Gerard, we had roughly 60% of our consumer loan products today are digitally originated. So there's a possibility -- there's a potential we have a digital robot advisory service that we can also marry with ability to Skype a person right here. So there's a hybrid -- there's pure digital event, there's a hybrid person/digital offering that also could work through that channel. So there's some really interesting things to think about but I think it's going to take us a while to actually bring that to market. With that, I will flip it over to Brad.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would also say there's still attractive opportunities in the footprint in Boston and the Seaport District for example. So it's a combination of things that are in the traditional footprints some these growth markets that Don mentioned. And when it comes to office, we typically focus on owner occupied, so there's a low risk type of project that we're financing.
Bruce Van Saun: The other thing, so John is describing the flexibility on the deposit side that we have. I think we had some nice flexibility on the asset side as well. So we've been well positioned to have an origination engine both on the commercial side and the consumer side that is pretty robust that gives us the wherewithal to then look into the back book and make asset sales and we made approximately $300 million of sales in the first quarter. And so we can look to do that as we go through the year and still report net loan growth. So that's all part of BSA -- BSR it's working for us on the deposit side but it's also working for us on the assets side.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, sure. So with respect to the consistent track record of being able to beat pretty much every quarter that we've been a public company, I just think it's a reflection of our very strong focus on execution and we're all I think very aligned on where we're trying to take the banks and what the key drivers of a successful turnaround were and what the next phase is going to require to become a Top performing bank. So I think we've got great people, great leadership team, and we've good alignment through the organization that people know of what's expected of them. They're empowered and then we hold them accountable and they're doing a great job. So hats off to our colleagues here at Citizens. With respect to where we fit into the landscape, I do think we have really come a long way from where we started. So foreign ownership foreign parent had a bunch of difficulties and left us with a strong potential franchise but had accumulated some baggage, some lack of investment in key areas like technology, our people program, and our risk capabilities, build business model wasn't fully built out to really serve customers on an integrated way both on the commercial side and the consumer side. Balance sheet had shrunk to a position where our profitability was really emasculated. So we had a lot of work to do and I think we've now certainly made our way back into the pack and in many cases I feel that we're doing better than our results indicate and certainly better than our stock price would indicate. But I'll leave that for another day. But certainly on the commercial side, I'm so pleased that Don and his folks have put together the level of talent that we have, people who worked in big banks, who are covering the middle market and the big corporate clients so well and then we can go out and we can lead deals we could have money center banks on the right of us. We can go out and compete for an interest rate hedge and win it against money center banks which we did several times in the first quarter. We've got really, really good talent and we're well positioned. And then on the consumer side, some of the things that Brad talked about Citizens Access and our fintech partnerships and thinking about end-to-end customer experiences and the customer satisfaction is moving up nicely. I think we're doing a really good job there too. So I think we have a strategy and a capability to continue to drive this company forward and become a great bank. But I certainly would have to say as you look around the landscape and people are making scale arguments. You always keep an open mind about those things, if there's opportunities to benefit our shareholders, we have an open mind towards that but I think the more important news is that we're well positioned to continue on the path that we're onto it.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. It was great. I know it’s a busy morning for you all; you probably have to hop to the next call. But certainly appreciate that you dialed in today and we appreciate your interest and support. Have a great day.
John Woods: Yes, so how are you doing? Its John here, I'll go ahead and comment on that. So average deposits to total deposits were up very strongly this quarter we were very pleased to see the take up. It was driven primarily by term and savings. Those were the two drivers. I think we saw some good performance in the DDA area as well. We've been making lots of investments in that play -- in that space. So year-over-year DDA was relatively flat. We were very pleased with that. We had a strong 2018 and we look to continue that momentum going forward. Citizens Access had an excellent quarter. That'll continue into the future. I'd say that strong deposit growth really drove the LDR down to around the 95% level as you heard earlier. I think looking forward, I think you could see that LDR level staying relatively stable into the second quarter and continuing to see growth looking forward in the term and saving space. But I think big picture a big deceleration. I would say in interest bearing deposit costs, the further away you get from the Fed rise in December is going to see that deceleration in the second quarter to where that solidifies in H2 which connects back to our NIM guide which will look to increase in the later part of the year.
John Woods: Yes. I will jump on that. So I think if I'd taken in two pieces. I mean I think if you look at what we expect in 2Q and then how those forces expect to unfold over the second half of the year. I think where as we mentioned stable to down slightly in 2Q. The real driver there is rates. I mean I think when you look at where LIBOR is expected to be in 2Q, all the other drivers which I'll cover in a second basically offset and you're left with short-term rates being potentially down a couple of basis points which has an impact on our floating loan portfolio. The other drivers that all seem to offset are expected to offset in the second quarter is all of those front book, back book dynamics. So you've got loan front book and loan and securities front book, back book which is positive in the second, it's positive in the first quarter, it's positive in second quarter, it will be positive for the rest of the year although possibly diminishing a bit as loan rates stay where they are. But that's been offsetting the front book back book dynamic on the deposit side. And so I think you'll see, as I mentioned in my remarks, a significant abatement of deposit cost increases the farther away you get from the Fed rate rise in December. And so then -- so a combination of that front book, back book plus our balance sheet optimization initiatives is offsetting those other forces on the deposit side in 2Q and all you're left with is rates. So when you get out of the second quarter as rates stabilized both on the short and the long end. You see deposit costs stabilizing and therefore you're left with front book, back book on our fixed portfolio driving some uplift. And I think those are the dynamics that we see at the moment in terms of the back half of 2019.
John Woods: We do. So in the first quarter that was 80 basis points or so in terms of that net difference in the first quarter for investments. As an example a variety of our loan books or you could call it ranging from 25 basis points all the way up to 150 basis points but basically almost every category has a positive front book, back book across all of our earning assets. And as if rates stay where they are, it's possible that will shrink a bit over time but it'll and maybe a portfolio too will eventually convert to something more neutral as you get later in the year. But all in, our overall portfolio as a positive front book by dynamic 50% of our loans are fixed and so that momentum continues through the rest of the year as a positive dynamic.
John Woods: And I said it's just the outlook for 2Q being up a bit. I mean I think we've historically had a significant amount of recoveries that come through the book and credit has been excellent. And so the outlook there remains so but possibly recovery is moderating a bit and I'm not sure --
John Woods: Yes, I'll go ahead and start on that. I'd say I'm not sure they changed very much. I mean we've been talking about the broad strokes of that program primarily on the deposit side where you would focus on all of the things you've heard from Bruce earlier. In commercial, new interesting I think ways to fund our loan growth in the escrow space and in consumer a lot of the data analytics and efforts around customer experience that are driving DDA take up. So I mean, I think all of that remains just as important in a world where the Fed is not raising rates as it is in a world where they are. So that that continues in that direction. On the asset side similar I mean when you look at our rotation into we call it the asset categories that have really solid risk return profiles for us like such as student or unsecured investments we want to make in our commercial business to get more swings at the bat. With respect to our customers all of that is not meaningfully impacted by the Fed going on hold. I think that that continues and it's really something you would do with or without I think the Fed.
John Woods: I will just say we've got a very good pipeline. We felt like we built a very unique value proposition with the Apple program and there's tremendous interest in the marketplace and we've got a really strong pipeline and I think there will be more news after ADT. I'm really excited about ADT.
John Woods: Sure. So I will take that. So first of all, we really have a very small equity business. So if you broadly talk about capital markets, I'd say ex-equity we do a little bit of equity in the REIT space with a partner who does the equity underwriting. Our business is really threefold, it's bond underwriting with both high yield and investment grade. It's syndicated financing which is largely leveraged syndicated financing aimed at the mid-market sponsor community, and thirdly it’s M&A. So this quarter we benefited from bond underwriting particularly high yield bond underwriting as things recovered from the weak market last year and there was some pent-up demand, so a lot of our clients issued in the high yield market. And then we saw Western Reserve in particular kick in and we had a quite, quite a strong M&A quarter and that we expect to continue through the end of the year both with Western Reserve and with Bowstring which was our latest acquisition. And the way I think about M&A is it took two or three quarters to have the capabilities on our platform to begin to see deal origination. And so our win rates are very high on the M&A side, our client base is very active. We did have quite a weak quarter in our syndicated financing business and that should be bouncing back as we go through the balance of the year. So what I like about the mix of our capital markets business is far more diversified than it was in terms of different fee streams a couple of quarters or a couple of years ago. So we're getting nice degrees of offset based on different markets being active.
John Woods: And I'll just add to that Ken. We're very disciplined as we add new clients around capital deployment against opportunities where we will -- where we do think there will be good cross-sell. So I think our new business process of several years now is beginning to yield flow based on where we've deployed capital and added clients on a net basis.
John Woods: Yes, without necessarily commenting on a particular number, we have seen a range of estimates externally where I think we're broadly in line with where the market expects our buyback capacity to be. We have that flexibility. I mean the Fed template as you know we're a Category 4 firm where we're subject to the Fed template this year. We overall have a glide path that that Fed template allows us to continue to execute against and we have a dividend return expectation over time of 35% to 40%. We've talked about our expectation of getting the CET1 ratio down to about 10.2% by the end of the year. So I think the main message is number one the Fed template allows us the flexibility to execute against what we want to do and we think that will deliver against broadly against what the market expects for buybacks in the windup.
John Woods: Yes, I would just say just to emphasize the last point, I think given where we are in our lifecycle, I think the opportunities to deploy capital organically and in strategic initiatives including fee based bolt-ons that we've been doing remain into the future. So that's job one is to put that capital to work on behalf of our shareholders in an accretive way. And then we monitor all the other sources and uses, the outlook for earnings et cetera, organic loan growth and then we take it from there. I think we also have another lever which is our capital stack is a little bit more oriented towards CET1 and some others and most peers have more preferreds outstanding than we do. So that's another lever we can look at over time that provides benefits as well. So just really solid cash strength in the capital positioning.
John Woods: Yes, I think that's logical over time. I mean we're not going to have commensurate to an exact execution day on that but I mean I think that we've done this in the right way. I mean as our ROTCE has improved over the years, it becomes much more appropriate to consider the repositioning of the capital stack such that if preferred, the cost of preferreds are attractive and they are versus ROTCE and we find a good execution point, we'll consider that. But that's a nice bit of flexibility as you heard earlier in terms of our ability to reallocate and remix our capital profile.
John Woods: Yes, I will go ahead and cover that. I mean as you saw we Regional Bank, Peter had some commentary that we were engaging with regulators and the fact beyond and just more recently that has been -- that has been adjudicated to result in moving forward full steam ahead with executing on CECIL. We never really stopped our programs. We are launching data related pilots for the pipes and plumbing in the first quarter here and full dress rehearsals as you get into the second and third quarter on CECIL just from a process standpoint. Later in the year we'll have some more views about what that will do and how that might impact the day one capital impact of adopting CECIL. But in general as you know longer dated loans will have a bigger impact than some other categories. We do think that CECIL is cyclical which is not exactly what we think is the right way to portray exposures going into downturn. And it's very sensitive to your outlook of the economy going forward. So we are on track for our internal program, we'll talk to you a little -- talk to you some more about this later in the year in terms of the impacts but we do think that our capital glide path and our ability to execute against that is not at risk as a result of CECIL.
John Woods: I think it's our real estate business is national and it's really, I'd say it moves quarter-to-quarter. So I'll give you two examples of expansion. We actually move people into Texas and people into Los Angeles where we have seen growth over the past few quarters. So that's both be active on the existing book of business but also do some origination. But it's really across the Southeast and in growth areas of the country where we're seeing the highest levels of growth. I say our real estate business in general, the growth will slow down over the balance of the year and that's strategic because we're focusing on the better end of the opportunity set that we see. So we have to originate a fair amount just to replace what's on our books already. But I think you should expect to see our real estate growth on a gross basis be a little slower than it's been in the past from a strategic standpoint.
John Woods: And what's flat lining is really multifamily and anything retail. We're really not growing those with any kind of significance.
John Woods: Yes, Marlin, I will take that. This is John. So I mean I think that you're going to have, when you have an asset of this size that is $600 million, $700 million depending upon if we have a split between fair value and low comp but large assets, it's a complex asset to hedge and you're going to have some variability from quarter-to-quarter. Last quarter we had a $2 million net positive MSR valuation net of hedge. This quarter we had $2 million negative MSR valuation net of hedge. So quarter-over-quarter that's $4 million. There were other rate impacts as well. When you look at outside of just the straight hedging piece you also have to estimate what's your amortization is just in the mean servicing P&L and we had an increase of $7 million from $25 million to $30 million -- $32 million in amortization that was largely rate related as well. So all-in and quarter-over-quarter you got $11 million of largely rate driven MSR related valuation impacts. So hopefully that gives you some context.
John Woods: Yes, I think that we have some flexibility primarily due to the fact that we've had a really strong deposit quarter after several prior quarters that were strong. But our first quarter was particularly strong and that led the LDRs come down to around 95%. I mean that provides some flexibility. We have -- we've demonstrated the ability to grow deposits at least as quickly as we grow loans. When you think about, as a good example, when you think about the big impact that growth has on the increase in interest bearing deposit costs as were 16 basis points in the quarter approximately half of that was driven by just deposit growth. So if you get ahead of things a little bit, then and you can fund your growth without necessarily having to grow a lot in future quarters. That has a beneficial impact and underpinning of net interest margin going forward.
