Bill Franklin: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate all of you for joining us. Let me begin as always with slide 2 of our earnings presentation, which is in the Investor Relations section of discover.com. Our discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was furnished to the SEC today in an 8-K report and in our 10-K, which are on our website and on file with the SEC. In the first quarter 2015 earnings materials, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the company's non-GAAP financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion. Our call today will include formal remarks from David Nelms, our chairman and chief executive officer, and Mark Graf, our chief financial officer. After Mark completes his comments, there will be time for a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A period, it would be very helpful if you limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up, so we can make sure that everyone is accommodated. So now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to David.
Bill Franklin: Hello, everyone. Only a few people are in the queue right now, so I’m going to ask everyone to please dial *1. You may have already done this, but please dial *1 again, if you would like to ask a question. Thank you. Now I’ll turn it back to the operator.
Bill Franklin: We’d like to thank everyone for joining us. If you have any other follow up questions, feel free to give us a call tonight. Have a good night.
David Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For the first quarter, we delivered net income of $586 million, earnings per share of $1.28, and a return on equity of 21%. Our direct banking business continues to deliver solid results. Discover achieved a total loan growth of 6% over the prior year. This was driven by strong growth in card loans, personal loans, and private student loans. Specifically, we grew card receivables by just over 5%, at the upper end of our targeted range. Card sales volume for the quarter was up 3%. Excluding the impact of gas prices, sales were up approximately 5%. Our growth continues to be driven by a combination of wallet share gains with existing customers and from new accounts. Our Discover it product continues to attract customers as we innovate and offer new industry leading features such as our recently announced Freeze It capability, which allows card members to temporarily suspend their accounts in the event a card is misplaced. In the quarter, we also launched our new Discover it Miles card. We believe this card will appeal to a different segment of our target market, prime revolvers who value travel rewards. This card leverages our Discover it platform with all of its innovative customer features to offer a unique value proposition in a crowded market. It will take time to become a meaningful portion of our new accounts, but we’re optimistic about the long term value it will generate. Our other direct lending products also continue to perform well. The organic student loan portfolio increased 20% and personal loans grew 18% over the prior year. Focused on our payments business, total volume for the segment was flat, as increases in our proprietary volume and growth in our business to business volume offset year over year declines at Pulse. On a reported basis, Diners volume was down 1%. However, adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange rates, Diners volume was up more than 10% year over year, driven by strong results in several regions, especially Asia Pacific. Overall, I’m pleased with our results this quarter. I look forward to sharing more of our thoughts about the year ahead at our financial community briefing on May 5. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mark, and he’ll walk you through the details of our first quarter results.
David Nelms: Of course, Discover it remains our flagship product, and we continue to enhance Discover it with the introduction of the Freeze on/off switch, which we just introduced on that this quarter. We continue to enhance in areas like free FICO over time, and that’s in part to basically stay ahead of competitors in value to consumers and things that can be differentially marketed. The Discover it Miles card is on the same Discover it platform, but adds a new currency in terms of miles primarily positioned to people who travel or really value free travel. And I would think about it as more of an extension. We do think it will appeal to certain segments, and may directly go up against other competitors when they have miles type cards, whether cobrand or otherwise. And so we think it positions us well to compete in the marketplace.
David Nelms: It’s a little hard to track. There’s no doubt that we must be running up against them some in the marketplace, because as you say, some of them have grown and have been very aggressive. They tend to play in a broader credit spectrum than we do, if you look at our 750 plus FICO score, and you compare it to those folks. There’s a lot of people that they might book that we might not. But there would no doubt be some overlap, so we’re watching what they’re doing and if we can learn some things that can help us, we won’t be shy about paying attention to them.
David Nelms: Well, I think that the big merchant discount interchange rate story that I guess I’ve seen recently has been sort of the two warehouse clubs that I would just say feel like more unique situations. And there’s not broad acceptance in either of those locations, and therefore the rates that we’ve all seen printed seem very low compared to others. I wouldn’t necessarily draw any conclusions about an impact on that more broadly. I think they’re unique. On the cobrand, I think that’s a little different, and I’m not sure it shows up in interchange, but what we see is that the cobrand market seems to have really heated up, and it has become very competitive in terms of terms, and it makes me glad that we’re not in the cobrand business. More broadly, I haven’t noticed any trends one direction or another on merchant discount rate or interchange in the market.
David Nelms: On M&A, we may have a little more to comment on at investor day, but in a nutshell, I’d say our primary focus is on organic growth. And I’ll shoot it over to Mark for the other.
David Nelms: Well, we called out that the gas prices alone had a pretty significant impact, about 2% I guess, on our sales. And I think that there would be a small knock on effect on loan growth as well. There’s a lot of transactor volume within gas, but obviously some of it would also evolve. You know, what is maybe a little surprising to me so far is I might have expected some of that increase in discretionary spending that consumers have left to have been spent on other things. And I really didn’t see that during the quarter. We saw retailers broadly not have great sales. There’s some view that a lot of people are talking about the weather having an impact in the quarter, but I guess I am hopeful that the broader economy and the broader consumer spending would pick up, even apart from gas, in the future. But we just didn’t see it during the quarter. I guess the other question is what are they doing with the money? It seems to be an increase in savings rate. I’ve seen some comments about whether it’s benefitting credit. It certainly shouldn’t be a negative for credit, but I think it’s a little early for me to conclude that lower gas prices are going to improve credit results.
David Nelms: You know, March was a bit better than January and February, but still, March still wasn’t where I’d like to see it. And we’ve seen Moody’s and a number of people take down their forecast for the year. This was a broad industry kind of thing. We’ve seen most of our competitors lower growth rate on sales and we certainly experienced that in our customer base as well.
David Nelms: I tend to look at year over year changes to help remove the seasonality in really all the business, but particularly in student loans. And our origination volume in both of those businesses in dollars has continued to grow nicely. And so I think what we’re seeing is percentages, even if you increase originations and you increase dollars of loans off of a higher base, the percentages could modestly [decrease]. But if anything, we’re picking up the dollar growth.
David Nelms: You know, it’s going to be sometime before it really contributes in any meaningful way to profits. But without forecasting exact numbers, we do expect the volume to continue to grow. And it seems to be very well received. It’s unique, and it seems to be very well received by some businesses and by the partners of SAP and Ariba.
David Nelms: And on rewards, I think to a large degree, we’re at a new normal. I mean, consumers love rewards. That’s what’s working. And therefore, competitors have migrated to rewards generally. Cash rewards, I think particularly is working well, and therefore you’re seeing competition in that space. I think that if some issuers start getting pressured on profits, and whether that’s from rates or chargeoffs or other factors, higher marketing costs is an example, the ones who may have gone to an unsustainably high level of rewards probably will make an adjustment. That’s what we’ve seen in the past. But I’m not sure that the average rewards rate for the industry and for us is unsustainable in the long run in terms of producing a good profit margin and providing great value for consumer.
David Nelms: That would be a big topic, so I’m not going to try to fully address it. Again, at investor day, we’ll try to tackle it a little more broadly. I think that it’s important that we all try to hit the October date. This has been a long time in the works. It’s been a date that was set quite some time ago. And as an industry, we know we need to do something to better control security and fraud losses. And frankly, we could issue all the cards we want with chips, but if there’s not terminals to use them, it actually would cost us money. There would be zero fraud savings. And I think it’s in the merchants’ best interest to try to get there, if anything more than it is for the issuers, when you look at some of the breaches that have happened. I think more broadly, I expect that this is going to be a somewhat rocky rollout for the industry. This is a huge change for consumers, for people at point of sale. Consumers are going to have to start dipping their card instead of swiping it. Some merchants are going to be different. So I think that merchants, acquirers, issuers, we’re all going to be having to help educate consumers on the new way it works. And that’s what we saw in other places in the world where EMV rolled out, is that it took a while to smooth out the edges and fundamentally change something that’s been in place for a few decades.
David Nelms: We’re still in a ramp up phase, but A) it will be significantly smaller than the flagship Discover it card, even when it’s sort of fully deployed. And B) you should expect some substitution. It’s not pure incremental marketing solicitations or dollars. We’ll be marketing Discover it Miles where we think we can get better response rates, better returns, better activation and usage versus the flagship. And we may be doing some alternating of products as well. So I think bottom line, I wouldn’t think about Discover it Miles as being something that will necessarily accelerate growth, but hopefully, to help us to maintain growth. We’ve obviously been growing much faster than the industry in the past several years, and we have to innovate if we’re going to keep that up.
David Nelms: We are making efforts to increase the cross sell and we’re continuing to enhance the feature functionality of the product. And we’re hopeful that by year-end we’ll be ready for broad market launch, but frankly, for now, we’re continuing to focus on the cross sell.
David Nelms: You know, I think that at the margin, our personal loans product does the same thing. We do consolidate loans, including credit card loans. So to some degree, it’s not a new product. It had gotten a lot smaller as a category after the crisis, and to some degree, I think it’s sort of returning to where it was before, but with maybe new players and new approaches. At the margin, it’s got to have a little impact on the total card business receivables, but we haven’t figured out a way to measure it at this point. We will be watching it. You know, there’s origination fees. A personal loan is very different than a credit card that tends to be a small, temporary loan coming from spending usually. Credit card has a lot more features than a personal loan does. But a consolidation loan also has its place, and I guess for a couple of years now, we’ve been, by far, the leader in this space, and now we’ve got some company with a different funding model.
David Nelms: You know, what I would rather do is defer to investor day on that. We have given that kind of guidance in previous investor days, and Bill’s happy to give you those laying that out. But generally, personal loans, the way we underwrite them, probably have somewhat better loss characteristics than credit cards. It’s very high FICO scores.
David Nelms: Yes, the Miles card is a bit more expensive from a rewards perspective. And we expect to see that offset by higher spending, higher balances, and engagement. So the way we look at it is we expect sort of similar overall returns, even though we also expect a higher rewards cost.
David Nelms: We’ll give some more color on that at our investor day, but what I would say is the strongest growing portion of the book, by far, is the standard rate portion of the book. And I don’t think by any stretch of the imagination we’re being undisciplined with these promo balances or anything along those lines. The growth is really being driven by regular way usage of the card, which feels really solid.
David Nelms: We’ve looked at it from any number of different angles. We can’t really discern any one particular thing, other than to say there’s clearly been a shift in consumer preference, possibly as we’ve gotten further away from the crisis, folks are feeling more confident in their financial situation, more confident in their employment situation, everything else. They’re comfortable carrying a heavier payment and paying it down quicker. But we can’t isolate and say definitively it’s, gee, due to that, or due to something else. But that’s kind of the operative thesis, for lack of a better way of putting it.
David Nelms: No. Discover already has the highest acceptance in the top 100 retailers, and what I would expect, especially the way this is happening, is everyone already has multiple Visa cards. And so to some degree, they’ll be able to put their spend on the same Visa card they already have, versus having to put it on a different card. So I don’t see an impact on us.
David Nelms: On the mortgage business, while we’re pleased, as Mark indicated, that given the attractive environment this quarter, it was helpful. But we still are confident that the rate environment is going to move up, and therefore, refinance volume is going to decline. So we are continuing to look closely at options to make sure that it not become a drag over time. On the home equity business, it’s just early days. We launched both personal loans and student loans in 1987, and we kept them pretty small until we felt really good about them, and then we started scaling them. I think we think the same way with home equity. We feel good about the business, but we’re not to the point where we would feel like we’re ready to ramp up to any significant degree.
David Nelms: I expect it to be reasonably stable. It obviously can jump around a little bit from time to time, but I think the big story is credit is really good, and so that tends to correlate with relatively high payment rates.
David Nelms: Generally, it will move a little bit because of that. And if you think about us relative to others, we tend to focus a bit more on revolvers versus transactors, which tend to have lower payment rates on revolvers. So by definition, a transactor is 100% payment rate. And on the flipside, we tend to have better credit, which tends to drive higher payment rates. And so those two are kind of competing forces to get us to where we are. But I’m not expecting a big trend in that number.
David Nelms: And on the mortgage pipeline, what I’d tell you is we haven’t traditionally disclosed our pipeline. I guess what I’d say is what we have said is it tends to flip between accreting a penny and losing a penny a share a quarter, and I would just say it’s going to be in that range again this next quarter, just based on everything I see right now.
David Nelms: The other thing I would just say is I think the employment market for graduates has continued to improve a bit. So I’m certainly hopeful that that will portend good things for credit over the long term.
David Nelms: By far, the largest airline rewards cards, as you know, are cobranded rewards cards for people that frequent a certain airline and are really heavy travelers. And that’s a very sizable market. It’s also one that there’s some very significant cobrand payments associated with it. And I would say that’s generally not what we’re targeting with this product. I’d say this product is targeting people that like the idea of earning travel rewards. They may travel some, but they’re not the global travelers who are being reimbursed by their company or just traveling very extensively on business. So I would think about it as somewhat smaller market than either the traditional airline cobrand card or the traditional cash back category, which we are a leader in, and that will continue to be where our flagship card is. So I feel like this a bit more of an important niche and an important second product for us.
Mark Graf: Rick, I would say, kind of as we’ve been telegraphing, the credit environment really does remain generally very benign. So the seasoned portfolio has really stabilized at this point in time. I would say the movements we’re seeing are directly related to the loan growth we put on over the course of the last three to four years and the seasoning of that growth as it moves through the vintage curves.
Mark Graf: I would just tack on to that, the yield compression we’ve seen to date in the personal lending book is really attributable to the shortening of the duration the consumers are choosing. Going back a year or so ago, they picked a four year average amortization period. Today, they’re picking a three year period. So as a fixed rate loan, it’s just pricing further down the curve.
Mark Graf: Bill, I would tell you it really depends on what happens to our growth rates. So a big piece of this puzzle is, if you think about, I’ll visually draw you a vintage curve here, and kind of say, now, overlay four years of growth of those vintage curves. What’s driving really the reserving is the area shaded under the peaks of all four of those curves overlaid on top of one another. So theoretically, if you think about a vintage curve, as you do another year or two worth of growth, that really begins to stabilize if your growth rate is really stable. If you’re growth rates accelerate, theoretically, it’s going to take longer for that to happen. The good news is I think this is a really good problem to have, because we can’t shrink our way to long term success. And ultimately, acquiring new card members and growing the book is the way we compound value over time. So while I understand obviously the impacts in the near term, I think over the long haul, it’s, again, a pretty high class problem.
Mark Graf: I guess what I would say is we don’t provide forward guidance really on what we expect the reserves. We did at the beginning of the year give a sense for what we kind of expected on the full year in terms of provision rate, is really kind of where we touched on it. What I would do is I would take you back to our earlier comments and I’d just say the credit environment remains really benign. So really, the provisioning you’re seeing from us at this point in time is the result of that high class problem of growth, and not anything related to any deterioration in the portfolios.
Mark Graf: I would kick it to the investor day for a more fulsome update. I guess what I would say, just very quickly, is I don’t see any reason to change that guidance at this point in time.
Mark Graf: There’s a variety of product in there. I would say it’s all conforming product, and it’s all being packaged for sale. So we’re not retaining any of that product on our own balance sheet. I would say if you look year over year, that other income item was up somewhere on the order of $29 million or $30 million, if I remember correctly. Roughly, let’s call it, two thirds of that is related to the mortgage business, so it was the largest driver of the increase that was embedded in there. And I think it’s really a reflection that the fixed rate volumes picked up pretty dramatically as you saw the drop in the long treasury rates at the end of last year. And it takes a little while for that pipeline to kind of flow through the system, so I think that’s really the impact to what you’re seeing there.
Mark Graf: On the tax rate, I would say there might be a little bit of goodness in the tax rate this year, but not anything particularly meaningful.
Mark Graf: The other thing I would note is just that obviously the student loan business is lumpy in terms of disbursement cycles. So you have to take that into account in terms of the periods you’re comparing as well.
Mark Graf: Efficiency ratio. You got it. So, from a card yield perspective, I would say the real compression thus far has been driven really by more what I call portfolio mix across the card business. So what we’re continuing to see is pre-CARD Act higher rate balances continue to run off. And given the very positive credit environment right now, that bucket’s not getting refilled quickly. And where we are seeing greater growth, obviously, is in what I would call the standard price receivables, as well as promotional receivables also. So I would expect that phenomenon would continue to play out over the coming quarters and you would see some relative stability to modest compression in card yield. In terms of the adjusted efficiency ratio, what I’m doing basically on that one is I’m just taking the reported efficiency ratio of around 40%, I’m backing out the $20 million legal reserve addition, and I’m backing out the $15 million related to AML BSA remediation efforts, really kind of calling them out as noncore kind of things. And on a core basis, your efficiency ratio comes out at 38.5%.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I think what we’ve said for the year is that we expect we’ll be slightly above that 38% target range. And I don’t see any reason to dissuade you from continuing to focus on that guidance.
Mark Graf: I would say no, the $20 million was not contemplated in the guidance we gave, number one. Number two, I would expect you will see the expense ramp a little bit associated with the AML BSA remediation activities.
Mark Graf: I believe the specific expenses we called out will be one-time in nature. I think as we think about our business planning, there will be some run rate expenses that we think we can cover with other operational efficiencies and everything else related to some of those matters. So just to be clear, it’s really the nonrecurring things where we’re not changing our guidance on those things at this point.
Mark Graf: Great question. I guess what I would say is yeah, we guided to that modest compression quarter over quarter this time around, and kind of what we saw was really in line with our expectations. Looking at second quarter, I think you can probably expect a similar or somewhat similar decline there for the second quarter, about half driven by yields and about half by funding costs, plus or minus. Beyond next quarter, I would say the pace of the decline really begins to level off quite a bit. It’s not like we’re going to pierce a 950 margin or something this year.
Mark Graf: I would say the capital deployment priorities remain first and foremost continued investments in organic growth in the business. I would say second of all, to the extent it’s permissible under the current CCAR restrictions, returning it to shareholders. The reason those are number one and number two is because we think they have very definable returns associated with them and make a lot of sense. The third priority, I would say, would be what I would call acquisitions of financial assets as opposed to operating businesses. But those would really have to be financially motivated buys, because obviously, if you buy in a trading book, you don’t get growth. It makes growth more challenging. So I would say they’d have to be financially motivated buys. And then last but not least, I would say with respect to traditional acquisitions, I would say that’s fourth of four. There’s a pretty high bar there, right? I think you’ve got integration risk, execution risk, diligence risk, key person retention risk. So the bar on traditional M&A is pretty high. And you know, while the BSA AML thing is out there, I don’t think that’s primarily our focal area either.
Mark Graf: I would say a couple of different things there. Number one, the balance sheet today has been positioned to be what I would call modestly asset sensitive. Sort of what’s caused the margin compression, or a big cause of the margin compression, we’ve consciously taken, over the course of the last couple of quarters, to build that positioning, right? So I think if you think about not just a one year forward NII, but if you think about the 10 forward years and the NII impact in each of those 10 years, we’re managing to be net positive through the cycle, if you will, with respect to our asset liability positioning. So we will continue to make those investments. So if you think about the liability side of the balance sheet and how it contributes to that, I would say a couple of things. Number one, I would say we as a team will always favor deposits over capital markets liabilities. They come with customers attached to them. We can cross sell to customers. There’s a fulsome relationship that can be built there. So we will always lean on using our balance sheet to service our customers and funding it with our customers’ deposits. So that being said, I think the model is such that we’re not going to necessarily be the highest rate payer in town. That’s not our goal. But we’re going to be a very fair rate payer relative to traditional banks. I would say with respect to the capital markets, things we’ve done there, I think we’ve gotten the balance sheet into the position we want to see it, so I wouldn’t expect a lot of fixed rate funding from this point. Not saying none, but I wouldn’t expect a lot. What we would do from this point forward would be to protect the positioning we’ve built as the balance sheet grows and shifts in composition as opposed to trying to structure a more asset sensitive position.
Mark Graf: I guess I can make you happy by saying we’re never expecting a rapid ramp in rates. I mean, the activities we’ve undertaken have always expected a pretty gradual movement. Now, from a risk management perspective, we run lots of shock scenarios to make sure we’re protected. But what we’ve been positioning ourselves for really is that principal case of a gradual rise in rates. So our thoughts around what’s going to happen really hasn’t shifted all that much in terms of timing or magnitudes. What I would say is the answer to your question about duration targeting, yeah, we’re within a month or two of where ultimately, in a perfect world, I’d like to see us be. So it feels like, again back to my earlier comment, we will do some fixed rate funding from here. It will be characterized in one of two different ways, either pure optimism, because we see, for lack of a better word, an arbitrage opportunity that makes a lot of sense, or number two, I would say it would be in response to shifts in the composition and growth in the balance sheet. So if we put more fixed rate assets on, you would expect to see us cover that with more fixed rate funding.
Mark Graf: No, I would say the bigger dynamic is actually the replacement of the high rate bucket with standard rate product is actually a bigger driver at this point in time than the promotional activity itself. So we’re tending to use the promotional activities more with the legacy portfolio as opposed to the new account side of the equation. And standard merchandise sales are really the big driver of that yield compression, sort of across both the new accounts and the portfolio.
Mark Graf: On the second question, we have no current plans to relaunch protection products. We’ll continue to evaluate.
Mark Graf: I’d say we were generally pleased with the numbers this quarter. That business, partly because of its size and maturity and seasonality, does tend to fluctuate a lot more quarter to quarter than our other businesses. One of the things that we have done is put in place some programs to help students who might be struggling. And we feel like we might be getting a little traction on some of those programs. That’s good for both consumers and us. But I think we need a few more data points to see how material our immaterial those can be.
