Mark Graf: Yeah, I would say I’m going to stay away from 2018 guidance at this point, Sanjay. I’m going to make you wait until the January call where we talk about the year ahead. I guess what I would say is the provision build that we’re experiencing at this point in time, if we take that small sub-segment of the personal loan book and set it aside, the provision builds we’re seeing is completely consistent with the normalization of credit we’re seeing from the standpoint of that supply side phenomenon we spoken about a number of times as well as the seasoning of the growth that we’re seeing.  And as we have continued to find ways to drive very strong profitable growth in that prime segment, the 9% loan growth this quarter, it will drive increases in provision. I mean there is just a mathematical equation that takes place there. What I would tell you is any place we have seen the returns on that growth not meet our expectations we’ve demonstrated the willingness to fill back on that. We did it in the aggregator channel in the card space a few years ago when the cost of acquisition got too high. And you have heard us talk about it in this broad market segment at the personal loan business where credit costs are running a little bit high quite honestly. So, I think the discipline is there such that we feel comfortable. While provision expense has been growing it’s been growing for the right reasons as we’re investing and building shareholder value for the long-term. 
Mark Graf: Yeah there hasn’t been a significant amount of hurricane impact that we can identify in the revenue line at this point in time Sanjay. In terms of the walk of the margin from Q2 to Q3, it depends already because it’s a bunch of things this time around. The biggest piece is market rates contributed about 7 basis points give or take. Credit contributed about 2 basis points, the receivables rate contributed about 2, the funding rate contributed about 2, and then the mix of receivables was about another 2 and funding mix was about another 2. So, if you add those all up, you get that 17 basis-point quarter-over-quarter increase in the margin. So, it feels again very strong. We’re benefiting from that positioning of the balance sheet to be asset-sensitive. And then, I think we’re also seeing just good prudent management of the funding of the assets and the nature of the assets that are coming on as well.
Mark Graf: Okay, got it. On a year-over-year change, yes, you would have seen benefit there is the honest answer, absent to hurricanes. I do think the rate of delinquency formation has slowed again with the exception of that small sub segment in the personal loans. Just to be clear, we’re carving that one out here. But delinquency rate formation has definitely slowed. And absent the hurricane impact, which was relatively modest for us, you would have seen improvement.
Mark Graf: What I would say, Bill, is that the way I think about it, when I parse it up, is charge-offs are kind of looking what’s already happened, reserves are really looking what we expect to happen. And while the rate of delinquency formation has slowed, the rate of growth has increased. The rate of growth in the absolutely underlying level off assets. So, if we’re going to have a higher level of assets going through that seasoning process with seasoning being the greatest piece of the driver, part of that is what you’re seeing there. So, you’re seeing that increase to reflect that increased growth that we’re seeing roll-on quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter. So, it’s not the 9% this quarter just a driver, it’s the stronger growth from a couple of quarters ago, as that comes up into the seasoning curve, that’s really driving that.
Mark Graf: Yes. From a pure seasoning impact as opposed to that normalization element of it, Rick, I absolutely can. So, the way I think about it is, you think about a normal seasoning curve for a normal vintage or card loans, you typically tend to take peaks losses about 24 months after you originate that vintage, give or take. So, think about a bell curve that starts at zero losses, it increases to peak about 24 months out and then it drop offs on the back end of that to stabilize at the portfolio loss rate somewhere three years or shortly thereafter. It’s kind of really the way to think about the way the card loan, the seasoning impact of the card loan would work. Student loans interestingly enough follow a very similar pattern; it’s just that vintage curve doesn’t kick in until the loan comes out of deferral. So, student graduates or drops out. You have a six months deferral period; that deferral period ends, that’s when that basically that same curve would kick in with peak losses occurring 24 months thereafter. And if you think about it, it’s logical, because the biggest losses are taken when a student comes out and is unemployed or underemployed. So, it’s pretty logical process. Personal loans follow a similar curve, they tend to peak just a tad bit earlier, maybe kind of like 18 to 20 months out is really the way to think about them, but again, a very similar process. So, as you think about loan growth, it’s really that area under that peak of the curve you’re providing for. And every year since the crisis, our vintage of new credit has been larger than the one from the year that preceded it. So, while it’s not mathematically correct, [indiscernible] in the crowd like me, what I would say is [ph] visualize it as the area under the peak of that curve is growing. You have a larger and larger and large vintage coming into replace it at 12 months to replace the one that’s falling off at 36.
Mark Graf: That is -- it actually begins before month 12, but it kicks in, in earnest somewhere around month 8, 9, 10, somewhere in that range as you climb the peak of that curve. That’s correct. So, if you really think about it just mathematically, the absolute peak is going to be somewhere between month, call 18 and month 30, right, is when you’re going to have the bulk of the losses under the peak of that curve be recognized.
Mark Graf: Sure. So, I think at the beginning of the year we gave NIM guidance on the full year to be, I think this is slightly higher and I think I defined that as probably 15 or so basis points. Full year last year was 9.99. I would tell you, I would expect our fourth quarter this year to have an increase in NIM but not by very much. So, you’d have some further expansion but really more modest in nature, so maybe you close out the year at 20, 21, 22 basis points higher than that 9.99 on a full year basis reported last year. So, it would be the real way to think about it. We continue to be positioned in an asset sensitive fashion and plus or minus 2% is kind of what we target in this environment asset-sensitivity, and feel really good about the work that the treasury group has done to get the balance sheet position that way but also that the deposits business is done continuing to put up pretty strong growth in that channel, which is our least market rate sensitive channel. So, feel good about the trajectory at NIM.
Mark Graf: So, I would say, we would expect personal loans to continue to grow. I would guess, as a result of pullback, you might see a slightly smaller vintage overall next year than you will see this year. But on balance, the affected portfolio is really small. We didn’t size it but if I did, it would be low single digit percentage points. It’s a very small portion of the book. It is principally behind us at this point in time in terms of the provisioning impact. I think what we said earlier in the prepared remarks is there is probably $30 million at economic risk over the remaining lives of those assets associated with them.
Mark Graf: Yes. So, I think we are particularly focused on the indeterminate maturities. We find those to be the stickiest of all of our deposit base. So, I think that’s an area that we tend to pay an awful lot of essentially to. As we think about the retail CD product, I would say, we tend to move around a bit there and we tend to emphasize those products that are the greatest need and the funding profile, given upcoming maturities and other things we look at as we look to stagger out and stack the funding profile. And then, if you think about the brokered CD product, some of the suite products that we access as well, those really get aspiration. Most of those things we tend to focus well out of the curve, because they are one of our most cost effective solutions as rate issuer to getting duration in the funding profile.
Mark Graf: No. I mean, I think when you look at the card book in general that’s a pretty good guesstimate. It’s somewhere right in that range, actually a hair below. We would have a 19 handle on it, would be the way to think about it. And they continue to be, as we look at them a very good way, not only to attract new customers but also to reengage legacy customers who’ve chosen to deprioritize us in their senior wallet, get them back active again with the product. So, we’ve got pretty disciplined process around the returns on that and they have continued to produce great returns for us. So, your guesstimate is pretty good.
Mark Graf: I’ll let David speak to the lifecycle comment, but I will I’ll speak directly to the kind of what we’re thinking, what we’re seeing. So, the third quarter was a particularly attractive quarter in terms of 5% rotating category. Betsy, we chose to run restaurants in that quarter. Whenever throughout the year we choose to feature restaurants, we tend to see a very high level of engagement with that because it’s pretty easy to max out in that category, spending $1,500 over the course of three months. So, that would be the driver of what you saw in that quarter. This quarter, what you’ve got is principally Amazon is the big driver. We typically tend to do that as a fourth quarter promotion around the holiday season. It tends to also be more costly than what you would have seen really in the first half of the year. So, I would say, based on the level of engagement we’re seeing right now, we’ve been running these programs for a while; we’re generally pretty good at getting our arms around where we think we’re going come in. I am not losing any sleep whatsoever about coming in certainly in line with that 126 to 128 guidance.
Mark Graf: Yes. So, what would drive the go, no-go decision would obviously market conditions Betsy and just having an open window, where we didn’t have something that would cause us to not be able to issue; some type of a corporate event or corporate news or something can also end up closing windows. I would say, at this point in time, I don’t have in front of me the full run rate EPS impacts. What I would say just on a pure coupon basis, the last numbers I saw would show we benefit at least 100 basis points in the coupon. So, it’s a pretty significant pickup in benefit. The first call date that we have available to us is December 1, on the existing pref. And so, we’re studying it intensely, and obviously keep your eyes on a Bloomberg and if we end up doing something, you will see it there first.
Mark Graf: I’ll give you some pretty concrete data on that one, Moshe. I would say from my perspective couple of different things. This quarter, it’s about 50-50 from new customers and from the legacy back book. We view that -- we like to keep that bouncing somewhere between, call it 30-70, 70-30; 50-50 sounds just about perfect, if you could always end up there. It tells me that the customer is -- the new customers are coming on board and seeing value and the offering, it also tells us that the legacy back book customer is choosing to continue engaging with the Discover product on top of the wallet fashion.  So both of those are critically important because in the long run, our existing customers will die. Not to sound morose, but they will. So, you have to attract the new customers. By the same token, if you just have a revolving door trying to get new customers, because your legacy customers disengage, you have a problem. So, feel really good about the health there. I would say by far the way the biggest driver of the volume growth this time around for both categories was standard merchandise spend, Moshe. So, yes, promos are piece of it. We’ve actually used promos a little bit more aggressively to stimulate the back book, but even there standard merch spend is a big piece.
Mark Graf: Yes. You got to be a little bit quiet on that notion for competitive reasons. We really don’t want to say specifically it was exactly this? I think what we have said is, it was the broad market channel where we see these folks. It wasn’t a cross market, a cross sold channel, so we highlight that. The other thing, I think, we have said not on the call today, but we mentioned it earlier in the quarter, so I would highlight that again, is I think, we said, one specific factor, we’ve seen, it there was a tag of underperformances where somebody already had taken out another personal loan. So that was one characteristic [multiple speakers] would be one piece. Beyond that, I would give you comfort in saying, the size of the book here that’s affected is pretty darn small. Again, I think, I said earlier it didn’t size, but if we did, it would be low single digit percentages, the overall book. And we think we have the issues largely behind us and certainly we have it ring fenced. But for competitive reasons, I don’t think we want to say exactly it was this and this and this.
Mark Graf: Yes, we actually tightened our credit criteria for cards at the end of last year. So, we’re actually upgrading a tighter box down than we were last year.
Mark Graf: I think the increase in leverage is really across the consumer spectrum broadly. I think it’s most prominent in the sub-prime space where we don’t really play. But if you think about it in the prime revolver space, it was a Fed study out there. I don’t know exactly where to point to say number exactly when it was. But it basically took a look at coming out of the crisis indexing levels of consumer indebtedness to one, and then kind of showing by product what those levels are at today. And I think card was like at 1.06. I think autos, personal loans and federal student loans were the principal drivers of that increase in leverage. But I think it’s a driver when we look at our portfolio across the board, our incidence rates that is the number of account -- expresses the number of accounts close to number of balances. Our incidence rates to delinquencies are darn near flat across the book. We really don’t see meaningful movements there. What we’re seeing is increases in severities because when a customer does go bad, they’re more indebted and therefore higher losses. So, maybe the arithmetic way to think about it would be the probabilities of default really haven’t changed much. The loss given the default has changed just as consumers are carrying more leverage. But, it’s still below the levels that you would have seen pre-crisis. And meaningfully, the debt to income ratios, the consumers are in far better shape now, they don’t have exploding arms that are going to be ticking time bombs. The levers they have built up is more largely a fixed rate product. So, it feels, while the leverage is there, it feels healthier.
David Nelms: A lot in there, Ryan, I’ll try and touch on it all and I will give you credit for one quick follow-up, just in case I miss any of it. I would say a couple of different things. First of all, the primary driver of the provisioning is the growth. That has been and continues to be the primary driver of the provisioning but then normalization factor is material. I don’t want to downplay that too much, just to be clear. I would say, if you think about the nature of build, if you take glimpse at the supplement which you can see is about a $111 million of that build was specifically related to the card business. There was an outsized build in personal loans to tune of $34 million, $35 million this time around, reflecting that small book that we talked about a second ago and getting ahead and getting a provisioning for that out of the way. And then, I would say the student loans piece of the equation, you saw uptick in the charge-off rate this quarter. That’s really related to that seasoning we talked about earlier, that higher vintage as well as we had a conversion that we went through on the student loan system on to our new platform, bringing [ph] the course to quarter end, probably weren’t as diligent about working delinquencies for a couple of days in there too, probably drove a little bit of that delta is my guess. But, if you look at the reserve rate there, you can see it’s up only 3 basis points. So, at the end of the day, I would say, it really continues to be where we are seeing the strongest growth with the exception of the DTL [ph] portfolio is where we are seeing the greatest provisioning.
David Nelms: Yes. I would expect you would see growth rates continue to slow further in that business, as a result of the actions we have taken and continue to take in that affected segment. The good news is, it’s a very defined and identifiable piece of the book and it’s not gigantic. So, I think from that standpoint, I am not overly concerned about it in any way. I would expect though you would see growth rates continue to decelerate in that regard. I don’t think we are permanently abandoning the sub segments in question. I think we just need to figure out a way to go back to looking at them in a constructive fashion. And that will take us a little bit of time to look at models and do some further work.
David Nelms: I would say, for one thing, the market is growing faster now than it was certainly two years ago, three years ago. And one year ago, it’s probably when we saw the really absolute peak of competitive intensity, particularly around cash reward programs. And so, that impacted some of our response rates a year ago and it also impacted where we invested because some things were getting just too expensive. And that’s actually our cost per account has dropped even with -- at the margin tighter credit this year than last year. So, our growth rate basically, it’s almost as same store sales kind of thing a little bit, because last year it was when we were -- had really slowed growth. And so, we’re looking back at that period. Competitors have pulled back. We’ve been consistent, maybe a little bit more aggressive with some of our new features and so on. But it’s appealing to consumers. So, there is no dramatic new product launch, but we had a lot of new feature launches and the combination. And it’s not just new accounts. We had a little bit more attrition a year ago, given some of those over the top and often promotional offers, specifically targeting cash back bonus.
David Nelms: Well, it’s still the best thing going in banking. So, I wouldn’t characterize it as anything but robust competition. But, it was over the top a year ago. So, I think some of the craziness probably has passed. And we frankly couldn’t really understand why everyone else seems to be going after transactors and paying up higher rewards than interchange. And if you have no interest income, you can’t make that up on volume. I mean, it’s by definition a money-losing preposition and I think a few competitors properly have noticed that. It is focusing on prime revolvers has been our strategy over a decade. So, we’re continuing to pursue that consistent strategy.
David Nelms: A lot in there, I’ll try and answer simply and just kind of say, if you think about that vintage curve we spoke about earlier, in the card book that curve still peaking lower than we have seen it in a pre-crisis environment. But what I would say is, it is every year successively getting closer and closer and closer to that normalized vintage seasoning process. So that’s the way I would think about it, the vintages are performing better than pre-crisis historic norms, but the gap to that pre-crisis historic norm continues to shrink every year. Kind of consistent if you think about what we said. We said that loss rates have been unsustainably low. We continue to see opportunities to put things on the books that season below normalized expectations. And as David alluded to earlier in his response to earlier question, I think that’s the key to compounding value in a lend-centric model. We don’t really charge fees, it’s kind of inconsistent with our business model; that will be leg one of the stool. Margin is already pushing 10/30. So, I mean, I don’t think, it’s a lot more produced [ph] in margin probably. Expenses, we’ve got the lowest efficiency ratio of any of the general purpose issuer. So, I think the third leg of the stool, expenses is in pretty shape. So that fourth leg of the stool is how you compound value with quality loan growth. And I think our pullback in DTL [ph] this year, our pull back in card growth a few years ago demonstrates that when we don’t see the quality we need to have, we will pull back on that loan growth. But to the extent we can put quality on the books that makes sense that’s good for shareholders, we believe it’s the right thing to do in this environment.
David Nelms: I think that -- I think it’s really premature to comment on this. It would be speculative. We’ll see what happens. And if there are is an actual change, then I’m sure we’ll have more comments after that.
David Nelms: And Betsy, I would say that while there still will be some upward bias going forward as we continue to have a higher mix of Discover it customers versus discover more customers in the portfolio. We really kept our discipline a year ago. And so, what you are seeing is, if the competitive intensity slowed just a bit in this category, we stayed the course and we are seeing the benefit with the better marketing results and less attrition as some of the crazy stuff comes away. Our absolute -- my guess is, we’re probably 50 basis points or more below a number of cash back competitors and in terms of cost. And so, I feel it’s a very sustainable place to be and we’re just happy that we’re able to drive revenue and stay the course.
David Nelms: No. It’s a fairly, I mean the top six issuers represent a high percentage of the total business. So, I would say -- you average them together, you’re going to get pretty close to the industry average. So, I’d say, few people have slowed down their growth. But, where we’ve seen the bigger change is probably how much marketing and what the marketing was. And frankly, I think there were some crazy offers out there that was leading to a year ago, a lot more shifting of people from one issuer to another. So, it was maybe a little bit of zero sum game where people were just paying more rewards and moving balances between them. And so, I think that if we look at the level of what the bidding for terms on the internet marketing are, it’s come down this year versus the year ago, direct mail volumes, particularly in the cash back segment. And the sub-prime segment, which we’re not in have had probably the two greatest reductions in new account offers. And then, you’ve also seen some well publicized headlines and some people that have pulled back from some offers that I think they’ve actually admitted were too rich. One of the things that happened a year ago is there was a lot of -- lot going on in the warehouse club space. And you had both Costco, the people that were losing that relationship were fighting hard; and the people who were gaining that relationship were fighting hard. Visa was accepted at Sam’s Club for the first time. And that particularly impacted us, because at one point it wasn’t exclusive. So, some of those headwinds have abated for us. And that probably helps. It’s not that the market has slowed, actually the market has kind of kept up and that makes it easier for us to grow, but there is less shifting and our market is more effective relative to the others.
David Nelms: The thing I would add from industry perspective is a year ago, we were seeing very high growth rates in auto loans and that’s really flattened out from last year to this year. We have been seeing several years of rapid growth on federal student loans and that has flattened out. Credit cards hadn’t grown that much on loans, single digit levels, but credit card lines outstanding have been really and quite rapidly for a couple of years as people were chasing some of those transactors in particular. But this year, we have seen very flat, total cumulative credit card loans for the industry. And so, I think all of those things show that there was kind of a recovery after some releveraging, some recovery on both supply and demand for a couple of years and then this year it’s really flattened out.
David Nelms: Hey, thanks everybody for your interest, your questions and of course, we are available for any follow up that you have. Thanks. Good night.
