David Nelms: Thanks, Craig. Good afternoon, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. As Craig mentioned, we will be holding our annual financial community update tomorrow morning, so we will keep this conference call focused specifically on first quarter results. During tomorrow's meeting we will give you a full update of the driver of our current performance and on our strategic priorities for delivering profitable growth into the future. After the market closed today, we reported record first quarter net income of $465 million or $0.84 per share. And we are very pleased to announce the restoration of our quarterly dividend to $0.06 per share, making Discover an early mover to fully restore its dividends to pre-financial crisis levels.  Our first-quarter performance can be attributed to strong results in both of our business segments. In Direct Banking, we earned pretax income of $677 million driven by the ongoing improvement in credit. Our Payment Services segment contributed $43 million of pretax income, reflecting growth of 16% from last year's first quarter.  For the company as a whole, I was very pleased that we achieved net worth volume of $68 billion, an increase of 15% from a year-ago. Turning now to some of our first quarter highlights for each segment. In Direct Banking, Discover Card achieved sales of $24 billion, which represents a 7% year-over-year growth rate. We continue to focus on increasing our merchant acceptance, emphasizing our reward programs and leveraging our marketing investments to increase sales. Our total loan portfolio increased 3% from last year due to the acquisition of The Student Loan Corporation. We continue to be very excited about the growth potential and earning contribution of our Private Student Loan business.  Based on our first two months of results since closing on SLC, we reaffirmed that we are on track for $0.09 EPS accretion in 2011 related to the SLC acquisition, excluding a onetime related gain.  Looking only at our credit card loans, they were down 3% year-over-year this quarter, an improvement over the 5% decrease last year, and trending towards our expected modest card portfolio growth year-over-year by the second half of 2011. Our direct-to-consumer deposit business continued to grow this quarter as we added a net $1.2 billion in deposits.  In February, we announced our intent to acquire $1 billion in deposits from Allstate Bank, which also includes a multi-year banking product marketing relationship. Subject to regulatory approval, we expect the transaction to close midyear.  Our Payment Services segment turned in another strong quarter with 21% volume growth leading to a 16% increase in pretax income compared to last year. I was really pleased with the growth in PULSE dollar volume, which increased 24% over the same quarter a year ago. In closing, we're off to a great start for 2011 with record first-quarter profits, the successful closing of a very important acquisition, and the restoration of our dividend to prerecession levels. We look forward to meeting with you tomorrow, where we'll share our model for long-term profitable growth, and the initiatives that will help us to achieve our goals. And I will turn over to you, Roy.
David Nelms: Sure, Betsy. I'd say the first thing I'd point you to is the sales growth. That increased 7% year-over-year. And if you take that higher sales growth and the lower charge-off, I think those two things were a major factor. Balance transfer continues to be much higher this quarter than it was ago. But I think it's less of an impact sequentially in terms of any increase. And I'd say we're going to talk more about this tomorrow but a big part of our focus is gaining market share and wallet share from existing customers, leveraging our cash back bonus, our service, and our value. And we obviously seen us do a lot more brand marketing, sponsoring the Orange bowl et cetera. So it's no one single thing, but certainly I would not isolate balance transfer.
David Nelms: Sure, Betsy. What we say is that we've been, if anything, consistent around the way we feel like we should be capitalized. And we really haven't changed through this crisis what the feelings are on that. Today we've talked about an 8% TCE target and obviously we have a tremendous amount of respect for the requirements around the regulatory targets. But in terms of the way you think about loss absorbing capital, solvency through the cycle, all those sorts of things, it's going to be in that 8% TCE range, which does create at 10.2%, some options and alternatives that we have available to us as we sit here today.
David Nelms: I wouldn't want to give a set time frame at this point. I mean we're very pleased that our ratios improved this quarter even after doing the largest acquisition we've ever done. And so we take note of that. But I don't think there's anything magic, we're continuing to earn a very strong ROE, even with the high levels of equity we're carrying right now. But we're going to want to keep our options open, we're going to evaluate this. And over the course of the next few quarters, I'm sure you'll see us take additional actions to hopefully move a little closer to that target.
David Nelms: One thing I might add to be helpful, that I'll be mentioning tomorrow, is we do expect that 8.5% to 9% is a more normal range for us, and we're obviously above 9% today and so we do expect it to decline over time to that kind of range.
David Nelms: That's roughly right and we would expect to reaffirm that we expect about $0.09 accretion from that acquisition during the course of this year.
David Nelms: We're going to show statistic on that tomorrow. But it's a little bit north of 10% now I think probably closer to 12% but we'll show you what we expect over time.
David Nelms: I would say we correlated it closely to charge-offs and at 5.9% charge-offs, we're still on the high end. So I would expect that this would still have some room to run in terms of some more benefit for reduced interest charge-off as the charge-offs stabilize. But as Roy indicated, that's one reason we expect the net interest margin to kind of decline a bit because we've already seen maybe a fair amount of that normalization already occur.
David Nelms: I would say that we're closely following this. As you know we are not a debit issuer ourselves so interchange is a pass through for Discover and for PULSE. But I'd say that it seems like in the last month or two, things may have gotten a little more uncertain. And I wouldn't want to speculate on the full outcome whether there will be a delay or not, whether there'll be a change on the proposed or not. It would be pretty speculative. I would say we're focused on being prepared for whatever the outcome is and in particular on the routing rules, I am hopeful that regardless of the outcome that some large issuers may conclude that they are smart strategically whether required or not to maybe split their signature and PIN volume. And if they start doing that, I think PULSE is one of the networks that's well positioned to pick up some gains. And so we're in particular, focused on that. Ultimately we believe in competition as the answer, and we would like to be one of the competitors that provides that to the marketplace.
David Nelms: You might have missed the earlier answer, but it's really cash rewards program, and cash back bonuses that contra revenue. And we have certainly ramped up that program as we continue to gain share.
David Nelms: It's very difficult. It's sort of proving how well your advertising is working. I would say on the third hypothesis, I don't think we've seen that yet. We've seen some recent announcements on debit rewards cards going away and so on. But in my opinion there's been very little actual impact to date. So then you get down to what's our marketing and what's the economy. And I believe that it is a mix. I can't tell you whether there is 50/50 or what the number is, but I can tell you we've certainly picked up our marketing spending. We think that our spending is going further with some of our new things like the Discover Orange Bowl and some of our cash rewards programs that we think are giving us really good payback. But certainly, I think we're also picking up some -- the economy is also helping us as well.
David Nelms: If you look at the sequential improvement, it doesn't show any sense of slowing down yet. But clearly, it will start slowing down and I would expect that over the coming quarters, the quarterly improvement on delinquency and charge-off rate will start to moderate -- will start to approach whenever the trough is.
Roy Guthrie: And then let me just add, we'll talk more about this tomorrow at Investor Day. But we would certainly prioritize profitable organic growth and then probably attractive acquisition targets. And then after that we think about dividends which you obviously you saw us take action on now, as well as buybacks. We're not at the point of having a buyback program in place. But it's certainly something we are likely to consider later this year.
Roy Guthrie: I did not, Mike. And I think it's a little bit of a blur here, there maybe additional disclosure on that in our Q. But I think we'll have to get back with you on that. What's important perhaps, and it might be worthwhile just taking a moment now that you teed this up, is making sure everybody's comfortable with the three components that I outlined. And the transaction itself was an 8.5% discount of $3.8 billion in receivables so we can all do the math on that, we get about $325 million. It broke into those three components: included $700 million of discount, an asset of $100 million due to indemnification, and a premium on the liability of $270 million. So you're going to see all of it but the non-accretable portion that you just asked a question on, find its way into income. But the reality of course is that by absorbing those losses, it shields the P&L from that and is a form of accretion. So I would almost sort of guide you to think about this, almost as all of it one way or another finding its way back to the P&L, one in the form of deferring loss or deflecting losses from entering the P&L, the other's from systematically being introduced as cash flows systematically find their way through the quarters. You got a lot more than you were looking for there. I just wanted to make sure in abundance of caution, that no one walks away confused about that $700 million.
Roy Guthrie: The largest portfolio is the Student Loan Corporation portfolio and about 75% of that is in repayment. So we've got some good history there. I'd say for our own loans, it's a very low percentage have entered repayment. Most of those loans have been acquired in the last three years.
Roy Guthrie: Yes. They did have some favorable impact on sales. But we have been running about 5% or so each quarter. And this quarter we jumped up to 7%, maybe half of that increase could have been gas related. But even if you back out the price of gas, it was a bigger increase over this quarter versus the previous four quarters, each of which have had good solid growth. And I'd say further more in the last six weeks, the growth has picked up even further. And even that is not all the recent gas increase so we're seeing some pretty favorable trends on sales.
Roy Guthrie: Let me take them in reverse order. There's obviously as much transparency there as there is here, and that's always been our target. So you should probably count on that being front and center in terms of the way we deal with all audiences in terms of setting TCE targets. In terms of the yield, I think that the components of this are the same rubric that we've sort of been dealing with really as we've sort of gone through this discussion over the course of the last five quarters. There's a [indiscernible] default bucket that obviously post-CARD Act is not being reinitiated. There are varying degrees of promotional balances that are being introduced to the program. I think Betsy talked about that, you heard David's comments regarding the use of promotional balances among other things to sort of grow the business, there is the suppression. I learned that word from you guys. But the reduction in charge off interest that occurs as charge-offs get smaller. The suppression that occurs within the finance charge line also gets smaller. There are obviously repricing aspects due to CARD Act that began here this month and the month of March as we move forward that will inevitably put some pressure as repricings are pursuant to the CARD Act's specification for repricing accounts that would warrant that downward to their original point. And then there's the usual construct of other forces in the market around revolve and non-revolve. And so one of the things that we struggle with here a little bit, just to be frank, is giving you guys precise answers when there's I think initially when so many things were being governed and dictated by CARD Act, it was a little bit more -- we could be a little bit more prescriptive around, here are the various things that we're looking at. But again obviously, it's a rubric and it's a dynamic market. And to be frank, some of these things have gone at a rate and pace that actually has impressed us, in particular the credit improvement that we've seen over the last quarters. So as we look forward, as I said, I think that, that nets to a headwind. And we're sort of continuing to signal that so there's room for this thing to move downward but the reality is our business model doesn't need this level of finance charge income to be effective. And so it's not a concern to David and I that we have that headwind pressure on us although it's something that we're going to continue to manage. And I don't think we're going to be any more articulate in exactly what the magnitude of that's going to be, but rather you're just going to see that headwind, that net headwind, from all those headwinds and tailwinds continue to be a force that we're dealing with.
Roy Guthrie: Yes, that's right, Brad. This is the blessing that we all got from FIN 48 around states, where basically it stays symmetrical the way you need to provide but once you resolve the matter, the carry on that state goes down as well. So I do think it takes a little pressure off the carry as well as the reserves that were settled apart of it. Now it's not a big thing, there are three states, one happens to be a big state. So it's maybe three out of 50 is not representative. But it is a little bit of a relaxation on the future carry. So thank you for bringing that question up. That's why I guided a little lower to 38%, 39% rather than 39% plus minus.
Roy Guthrie: Well I think David's 8.5% to 9% was more of an over- the-cycle. So please exercise some caution if you drop that into the next three quarters. I think there is a good tailwind and we have residual pools of liabilities that were created prior to the Feds sort of movement down to 25 basis points of Fed-effective target. So we've got maturities over this year and next that are going to be a significant tailwind for us. And the longer the rates stay where they are today, Brian, to your point LIBOR plus 35, all the deposits being raised under two. That's going to be a nice piece of support for the net interest margin. With that in mind, then we sort of say that there are a lot of offsets to these other things that I sort of countered as headwinds. But there really is a great tailwind coming though from the liability and funding costs.
Roy Guthrie: The big contra is cash back bonus. And we are doing more promotional cash programs, and that's part of what's driving the sales activity and the receivables up so I'd say that's the biggest contra there.
Roy Guthrie: It's all of our programs. But in particular, yes. The 5% programs and our other cash awards programs.
Roy Guthrie: Well, I'd say we have been pleasantly surprised. I think about a year ago we really started focusing on new loss of jobs as opposed to the overall unemployment rate. We talked about that before but that seems to be a big driver that the credit is outperforming what one would expect versus the overall unemployment rate. We think that this has some room to continue, to normalize. At some point, it will start slowing down in terms of the improvement and I think it's a bit of an open question as to whether it kind of overshoots or goes to a new normal -- that's a lower level or not. Clearly, one of the things that's happened is we were very careful going into this crisis. A lot of people got pushed over the edge from unemployment or housing prices. And a lot of those losses, though have already been recognized. And so increasingly what we're left with is people that actually survived through this really tough perfect storm, if you will. And so we're seeing the backside of that now. And frankly we've never had such a severe shock to the system. And so it's a little bit hard for us to tell how good it's going to get on the other side. And so we're pleased and we clearly are going to have some continued improvements through this year.
Roy Guthrie: Yes, Jason. I think as you look at the first quarter, $16 million is probably the one thing I would point you to. Unfortunately when you look to the quarter that preceded it, there's a few more in there. I mean, clearly other income back there had the influence of the -- I think we had a $28 million charge we took to position the federal loan portfolio to held-for-sale. We had some other enhancements or things that were being run through there, $10 million or $12 million. So if you look at the swing it's not necessarily in this quarter and I think if you take the $16 million out of the $65 million in that other income number, I'd say that's probably a good benchmark. And maybe not to throw past out, but I think the past is chock-full of a lot of issues that's a volatile line, in particular fourth quarter of last year to first quarter of this year. So $65 million, excluding the $16 million onetime gain I think is a pretty good guide of the things that we would expect to see there on a recurring basis. And there'll be a commentary around this in the Q that's out in a couple of weeks that supply additional detail.
