Roger Hochschild: Thank you, Eric. And thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. We had another period of strong financial results in the third quarter with earnings of $1.1 billion after-tax or $3.54 per share. In many respects, these results reflected the unique benefits of our integrated Digital Banking and Payments model, which continues to be a source of significant competitive advantage by supporting our value proposition to consumers and merchants, and differentiating our brand. These advantages enabled our continued investment in account acquisition, technology, and analytics while generating substantial capital. In an environment characterized by new entrants and intensifying competition, we believe the strength of our model position us to accelerate our growth. Underlying our results this quarter were 3 important advancements. The first was our return to year-over-year receivables growth, which is driven by our investment in acquisition and brand marketing, and continued strong sales trends. Total sales were up 27% over 2019 levels with strong momentum across all categories.  Even travel sales increased, and while they dropped a bit in August due to concerns related to the Delta variant, travel has steadily improved since that. We also continued to see attractive opportunities for account acquisition and increased our marketing investments to take advantage of this. While the competitive environment has intensified, new account so are now up 17% over 2019, reflecting the strength of our value proposition. This value proposition remains anchored in our industry-leading onshore customer service model, no annual fees, and useful and transparent rewards.  While some of our peers had to reinvigorate their rewards offerings at substantial cost, our rewards costs were up only 6 basis points year-over-year, and nearly all of this increase was driven by higher consumer spending, as evidenced in our strong discount revenue. Given these dynamics, we will continue investing in new accounts as long as the environment supports profitable opportunities and our robust account growth and our expectations for modest improvement in payment rates supports so our view of stronger receivables growth in 2022.  The second key trend was credit, which remained exceptionally strong. Our disciplined approach to credit management and favorable economic trends contributed to a record low net charge-off rate and continued low delinquencies. The delinquency outlook affirmed our expectations that losses will be below last year's levels for the full year and supported additional reserve releases during the quarter. And the third is the continued expansion of our payments business.  Both saw a meaningful increase in debit volume with 9% growth year-over-year, and a 26% increase over the third quarter of 2019, demonstrating both the impact of the recovery and an increase in debit use through the pandemic. Our Diners business has also started to see some improvement from the global recovery with volume up 12% from the prior year. As the global economy recovers, we will continue to look for opportunities to expand our international reach. In summary, our value proposition continues to be attractive and our Integrated Digital Banking and Payments model supports profitable long-term customer relationships and is highly capital-generated. I continue to feel very good about our prospects for future growth. I'll now ask John to discuss key aspects of our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Great. Alright. Thanks for the question. The payment rate has been persistently high And what we did see in the month of September was that ticked down mildly. It did increase from July to August, which was frankly a bit of a surprise. But as I look -- as I looked at the data, we're seeing here in terms of revolve, and then the forecasted trends, my expectation is that in the fourth quarter, it will continue to step down.  Some of that has to do with governments support programs ending in September and some of it has to do with the holiday season. And then as we look on the holiday season into 2022, I do expect that it will continue to step towards a normalized rate. But, frankly, I don't think that'll happen until 2023. How do we think about the implications from that? Certainly, the payment rate is a bit of a headwind to growth. But what we've seen is really strong account acquisition and strong sales growth,
Roger Hochschild: Sure, thanks for the question. I think my actual comment was good growth in the face of intense competition, and I think that really sums it up well. The competition in the card business is always intense. We were lucky enough to have a lapse in 2020. And so some show of extraordinarily good cost per account. But it's what we're used to facing. It'll vary based on which issuers are refreshing their cards or have more of a desire than growth for growth than others.  But I think our focus on a clear, differentiated value proposition has resulted in continued strong generation of new accounts. And I'm excited about what I see. In terms of the new entrants, we see that less in the core credit cards space. But I would say very, very aggressive competition around personal loans by in that scenario where we focused on the long-term, remain disciplined in our underwriting and what we're willing to invest in new accounts and are used to seeing competitors come and go.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. Great question. There are always, I would say, new payment schemes and methods out there. A lot of them though, tend to rely on existing payments. So you think about when Apple launched their wallet. Even PayPal, the vast majority of their volume is processed to existing payment networks. And debit processing is incredibly complex and quite frankly very low margin, and very efficient as you look at how the 3 major debit networks, as MasterCard and Visa operate.  And right now, given the interchange caps that a lot of banks have, the economics for them are relatively thin. So while we look at what the Fed might be proposing what goes on in other markets, I don't see anything in the near or even medium-term that looks like it has the potential. And quite frankly, you're starting to see an increase in volume here on the debit side. Even a lot of the buy now pay later players are leveraging debit for their payments.
Roger Hochschild: No. The risk management of payments is quite complex in terms of both fraud and identity. There are lot of processes and controls that the major networks have in place. There's a robust ecosystem if you think about point-of-sale devices, merchant acquirers. And so, to think that that will change suddenly, I see is a low probability.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Great question, Betsy. Certainly we have a unique set of network assets and can provide connectivity to merchants whether through proxy card numbers or a series of other technologies, and work closely with a number of Fintechs around that. So that's the core of some of what we do with Sezzle. Actually that was the beginning of our relationship with Marqeta many years ago and they are a lot of others that are either in the market now, or but were in discussions with. So I think the pulse on the debit assets we have combined with our signature network or an advantage and one that we look to monetize.
Roger Hochschild: So Betsy, it's Roger again. A lot of the enhancements that we're seeing are leveraging the advanced analytics. And so that's really helping both on the underwriting side with swap in swap outs as well as better targeting combined with investments we're making from beginning to end in the Marchex stock. And we think those are already serving as well, but there's also plenty of upside as we continue to focus on that area.
Roger Hochschild: So right now, we certainly see opportunity on the payment side as I talked about earlier, leveraging our assets. Over time, we think there may be opportunity for us as an issuer, and again, partially leveraging our unique model on our proprietary network. But right now, I would say we're not seeing any noticeable impact on revolving loans and believe that we are well-positioned to respond if it does emerge.
Roger Hochschild: Sanjay, I am lucky enough to be able to look back over multiple cycles of competition and it has varied. Everything from an intense focus across the board on prime revolvers to transactors. I think certainly America Express will stay focused on that spend based model. A lot of banks focus on those transactors because they are very profitable customers. Not so much in card, but in other segments of the business.  The prime revolver space has historically been the most challenging in terms of what it requires from a value proposition and underwriting. For transactors it's really about rolling out our rich rewards program. So we expect to see competition across the spectrum, but what impacts us most will be that in the Prime revolver space.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah, I would say it's intensified significantly since sort of the low during the pandemic, but is now getting back to I would say, more normalized levels.
Roger Hochschild: A lot of it is coming into from new entrants. Personal loans are probably the easiest to fund outside of a bank and have the easiest servicing requirements. And so that's where a lot of the new entrants will go with new models. We are disciplined both on credit, but as well as pricing. And we will not go below the targeted returns we want to hit. A lot of times that will flush its way through when they either don't get the performance that they want to see or have other challenges. You do get sometimes you are prioritizing growth over returns, but that tends not to last for too long.
Roger Hochschild: We would love to increase the percent of our earnings that comes out of the payments segment. I think one of the challenges we also are working pretty hard to increase earnings from our banking segment. So we're not standing still there either. It's -- while we're excited about Pulse, it's also very competitive. We're battling for routing at the merchant level with Visa MasterCard day in, day out, we've seen a lot of growth from expanding from traditional PIN-debit to card-not-present. And so that's been particularly helpful. But we're very focused on growing that business.
Roger Hochschild: Not really, Moshe. I don't think we've seen anything dramatic since prior to the pandemic. Clearly they continued migration to digital channels. Direct mail becomes a smaller and smaller piece, but that's been a trend for many years now. So we continually are fine-tuning the digital channels. I guess what we've seen is a greater ability to measure the results of top of final spend. As it shifts more digital, when that spend moves from TV to even video, that's online, you can do a better job with tracking and attribution. And so we are repositioning how we spend, and that's one of the areas we're leveraging some of our advanced analytics.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. Probably one of the bigger trend, there was a real collapse in balanced transferred demand, during the pandemic. Clearly, a lot of issuers were pulling back on credit line increases, but I think consumers were much more focused on paying down there debt versus moving it around. So you saw a softening in demand for personal loans and balance transfers, that's starting to come back. For us, a lot of our acquisition offers are at zero percent. The portfolio offers tends to either be above zero or have a fee that provides a pretty effective yield. And as John pointed out, for most of those, we see a very high return from the balanced transfer itself, given this funding environment, as well as a good percent sticking. And that's something we modeled very carefully.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Happy to, Dominick. When we modeled in the second quarter, frankly, the economists saw a higher level of GDP growth and employment returning to normalized levels sooner. And when we updated those, the GDP had come down, employment returning to normalized levels pushed event. So that was one of multiple inputs. We provide that detail because it's frankly the most transparent that people can take a look at to get a view of how we're thinking about the reserves.  Now, the other items that are important in terms of our thinking here in the third quarter was, first, portfolio performance and it's been super strong. Second, was the ending of many of the government's work programs related to COVID. So most of those ended in August and September. What we'd like to do is see some seasoning of the impacts of those into the fourth quarter and perhaps even in the first quarter next year. If what we expect is that the impact of that seasoning will be very, very mild on the portfolio.  And the magnet -- the broad macros continue to look favorable. There's enough points of reference that would lead us to begin to step the reserves back to day 1. But a lot of things need to happen and we ended up where we were on the third quarter, ran through multiple models, multiple scenarios, and we got comfortable with where we were to make sure the balance sheet was fairly stated. But we do see that the broad macros out into the future are positive. So we'll see how they sustain and make a call in the fourth and in 2022.
Roger Hochschild: I'll start with the bonus accrual. We haven't made any changes to our bonus program. So to the extent there are changes in bonus are cool, at your reflects for stronger financial performance this year versus last year and -- then how that translates. In terms of personal loans space, it is very hard to get line of sight into the practices of these companies, and there are many of them. We've seen them came and go over multiple cycles.  In general, I would say they tend to have fewer manual or labor-intensive processes. So I'd be surprised if they did the extent of employment verification we do. And again, it might be appropriate if their average ticket is lower. They may have different return profiles. The one thing I would say, the vast majority lend to a much broader spectrum than we do. And so we focus on the prime segment, again, primarily debt consolidation. But it is hard to generalize across the many different new entrants that may have different models.
John Greene: which to date has helped offset some of that payment rate impact. So overall, we feel very, very comfortable that 20 -- the balance of '21 and then 22, we'll have a bit of tailwind related to both payment rates declining and then strong, strong execution from the new accounts and sales growth.
John Greene: Yes. So from a marketing standpoint, we spend the money as we see opportunity to drive profitable new accounts. And, frankly, we've had a great quarter and a great year with that. The third quarter spend actually came in mildly lower than what we originally anticipated, and the guidance I had provided on the last call was that we would approximate the 2019 levels of total marketing expense. I think it'll be a little bit under that, largely not because of opportunities, but basically kind of some process oriented stuff in terms of account targeting. So we feel like the money we'll spend in the fourth quarter will certainly generate positive new account growth. It will pick up from third quarter certainly, and provide us a good trajectory for 2022.
John Greene: Sure. On the marketing spent, that will be determined -- are determined based on the opportunities we see as, as we look at 22, we do see a continued benign credit environment and frankly a very strong opportunity to drive profitable new account growth. As that opportunity continues to persist, we'll continue to spend marketing dollars. What I would suggest is we concentrate here on 2021 And then in the January call, we'll talk about '22 in terms of the opportunities there.  But I'll leave you with this point that the fourth-quarter trajectory should help inform what we intend to spend in 2022. In terms of balance transfers, we did see a impact from some of the increased balance transfers that we executed in early part of '21 and the third quarter in terms of mild impacts to margin. We will continue to take a look at that space and see what we can generate profitably. It's been a good source of account acquisition for us historically and will continue to remain disciplined and put those prime revolver accounts on the balance transfer.
John Greene: Betsy, I'll take this one. So there's a lot to that question. Let me just give a view in terms of what we're seeing as we closed out the third quarter. As I mentioned, the payment rate is stepping down and from August to September we expect that to continue. That will help certainly drive loan growth. My sense is today that there is a relationship between the payment rate and sales activity. So the persistently high payment rate, I think, has driven sales activity across the industry.  Now, we benefited, I would say slightly disproportionately in terms of driving incremental sales, partly due to the acquisition point you mentioned. So there's 2 dynamics, but third dynamic is credit normalizing. And my sense is that credit normalization will continue through '22 into '23. So today where I said I'm positive on credit. So those factors in the aggregate and addition to the point you mentioned in terms of account targeting, I think position us pretty well in '22 for positive loan growth, not the specific full come a little bit later in January when we give our view. But we're all positive on that front today.
John Greene: So 2023 is the horizon that we're looking at for payment rate to normalize. And when that happens, we expect savings rate to return to normalized levels. So one view is continuing to watch the savings rate. And that should help inform payment rate. That's, frankly, one of the metrics we look at. In terms of robust loan growth in 2022, Let me just put it this way here because we're going to hold off until January on providing explicit details.  But the new account originations has been important for growth. Sales activity has been important for growth. The payment rate, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, has been a headwind, not completely expanding anticipated. We did see it mildly higher than what we had modeled, but we're still on track for delivering the loan growth that we talked about for '21 -- '22. It will be informed by all those factors and shared bill with more -- in more detail in January.
John Greene: Sure. I'll start with them and while we had more time to study it, I'd say the market is not yet mature and I think market-clearing economics have yet to be established. Part of the challenge is there are many segments within buy-now pay-later, from the people financing a multi-thousand dollar purchase, which by the way, they've done for years in terms of traditional sales finance, versus more spreading out payments on $60 worth of cosmetics. So those segments all have different characteristics, certainly at the lower end there are many customers who are either debit preferring or do not have access to significant amounts of credit. But I think you'll continue to see it evolve. You're starting to see some pressure from merchants who are unwilling to pay, take rates above what they pay in card.
John Greene: Thanks, Sanjay. If you go back and look at NIM historically, you'll see that it was subjected to, frankly, higher funding costs from unsecured term debt. What we've tried to do is shore up the liability side of the balance sheets and targeting 70%, 80%, based from deposits and then the rest combination of secured and unsecured security offerings. So that will create stability in terms of the funding cost. In terms of pluses and minuses to the revenue line. What we'll say is some Peaky related impacts to NIM.  You'll see credit if it does normalize, a bit of credit, normalization. in terms of NIM. But you will also see that sustained impact from funding I just talked about. So we're looking at NIM to be higher than what we've experienced historically. And we're going to compare '21 how we ended -- end the year in terms of the balance sheet position and see how that impacts '22. But overall, I would say the funding position has created more stability and a economic benefit too to investors.
John Greene: So thanks. When we referenced 2019, we're talking a full year basis. So then that would force folks to do a little bit of math on the third quarter and fourth quarter. We came in lower in the third quarter than we anticipated. Fourth quarter, we expect it will increase from the 210. So to, frankly, remove some ambiguity on this, so it will be somewhere in the range of 220 to, call it, 280. 
John Greene: I hesitate to give that level of specificity, but given the confusion, I just wanted to put it away.
John Greene: Yeah. So we would confirm we do use a through the cycle -- through the cycle loss rate and so do not use current losses, but that's not something we disclose.
John Greene: We've seen ups and downs in particular, we talked about a bit of a soft thing around travel that occurred in August. And I think that was driven by a lot of what was going on with the pandemic. But we continue to see very robust sales volume, even continuing into October.
John Greene: We feel pretty good about peak season volumes were up roughly seven percent year-over-year. And we believe that we gained share. Although we're still sort of processing. So clearly, we saw one major competitor step back last year, but we're very excited about that market. We underwrite it into a very disciplined way and it's a great way to get a really good product in our brand in front of the next generation of prime cardholders.
John Greene: Yeah. That's a difficult thing to do in that it will be subject to the economic environment. So we know historically if there is a period of tougher financial situation, the personal loans will be the ones that get the least priority in terms of payment. Credit cards tend to be high. The student loans, given the long duration of those contracts, they don't seem to gyrate as much with the economic output place of that so much of our portfolios co-sign that it provides additional coverage there. So you get to personal loans subject to the economic environment. And then the card, my sense is the card has been prioritized in terms of the payment hierarchy because of what has happened in terms of cash in the digital environment, it's really difficult to shop without a card these days. So I look for stability there.
