Roger Hochschild: Thank you, Craig. And thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. In these uniquely challenging times, I'm pleased with Discover’s results and how well our business model has performed. In the third quarter, we are in $771 million after tax or $2.45 per share. We clearly benefited from the actions we took in the first half of this year to protect employees, manage credit risk, and control costs while preserving momentum on long-term investments. While significant uncertainty remains as to the extent and timing of a recovery, we were pleased to see the return to year-over-year sales growth in September. Managing credit remains a top priority. We entered this recession from a strong credit position due to our traditionally conservative approach to underwriting as well as actions taken over the past few years to reduce our contingent liability and tighten credit at the margin. We quickly implemented changes to credit policy at the onset of the pandemic, including tightening criteria for new accounts in line increases and additional income verification. While we saw very strong credit performance this quarter, we expect to see deterioration in the coming quarters as the prime consumer may be impacted by increasing permanent white collar unemployment. That said, we believe we have taken the appropriate credit actions and don't see the need to make significant changes at this time. The improvements in sales volume continued during the quarter with a return to growth in the month of September. Sales have improved across all categories with particular strength in online retail, home improvement, and everyday spend categories partially offset by continued weakness in travel and entertainment spending. Loan growth continues to be affected by the pandemic, with total loans down 4% year-over-year, including card loans down 6% and personal loans down 5%. The drop in spending during the pandemic and our own credit tightening has impacted loan growth. But another driver has been a significantly higher payment rate in our card and personal loan portfolios. Consumers have had improved household cash flows due to reduced spending and government stimulus and have taken this opportunity to boost savings and make larger payments against their loans. In our student loan business, originations in the peak season were down year-over-year, reflecting the large number of students who chose not to enroll this fall. Even in this challenging environment, our organic student loans were up 7% reflecting innovative features like our multiyear loan and our strong competitive position. In terms of operating expenses we remain on track to deliver $400 million of cost reductions this year, while continuing to invest in core capabilities, such as advanced analytics to increase efficiency and drive long-term value. In conclusion, this quarter our business generated high returns as we remained focused on discipline credit management, profitable growth, and an industry leading customer experience supported by our 100% U.S. based customer service. The economic environment remains uncertain but our strong capital and liquidity and the actions we've taken to strengthen the business position allows us to continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders. I’d now ask John to discuss key aspects of our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: So I'll let John to cover the part about reserves Sanjay. But in terms of the environment, I think that the jobless claims numbers and we'll see what this week has but seven straight weeks over [800,000] and more and more of that permanent unemployment and white collar is a reason for ongoing concern. But I think as you look at our portfolio, I'm very pleased with the performance across all products. And you can see that from the broadest metric, we just close the 30-day delinquency rate.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, thanks, Rick. In terms of marketing, while we did cut expenses, in line with the economic environment, we have continued to market across all of our products, and have been very excited actually about the quality of new accounts we're bringing in on the card book, as well as some of the costs we're seeing as competitors pulled back more aggressively. Now, I do expect some of that to normalize over time. But again, we're going to continue marketing through the fourth quarter. In terms of the rewards program, so our program is well suited to this environment. Consumers prefer cash over miles. I think a lot of the miles programs I see in the marketplace are struggling to add relevance and redemption options. And in particular, our strong partnerships with PayPal and Amazon, some of the programs we're already putting in market with Amazon will serve us well in the fourth quarter.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I think we are leveraging that position of strength. I believe we're gaining share both in terms of sales and loans and card and had a very strong peak season for student loans. Acquisitions are a little more challenging. And so as we think about how we use capital, the top priority is supporting organic growth. Next comes a mix of dividends and buybacks. Acquisitions tend to be a distant third, our primary interest is in the payment space. But while valuations have come in a bit, especially where cross border type of company, they're still very high. And so a lot of what we're seeing opportunities for either investments, partnerships, so we'll look at it, but I think we're probably more likely to be aggressive on the organic side, subject to our conservative credit policy than making acquisitions.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, thanks, Bill. So first, having been here for over 20 years, I have to maybe disagree with the phrase chronic underinvestment, I think our investments have been appropriate. But at the beginning of the year, we saw an opportunity to invest more. And so I would characterize it that way. Clearly, the year changed dramatically. And hopefully, you've seen very strong expense discipline in terms of the target we put out there and how well we're progressing against that target. It's a little challenging just to look at operating leverage, because that includes well of course day-to-day corporate type expenses that we're always trying to bring down. But then also marketing investments that drive profitable growth and high returning accounts. And so it's a blend of those two. But again, I think you can expect to see the continued expense discipline that I think has always been a hallmark here to discover our overall lower cost operating model. But we will invest according to the opportunities we see in the marketplace. And I guess I'd point you to the returns we're generating as an example of the effectiveness of that business model even through extremely challenging cycles.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, thanks Moshe. We're using all the tools we have available, I would point out there's still a good amount of economic uncertainty. And so we are not changing credit policy on the card side, I think we want to see more signs of sustained recovery. But the cash back program is resonating well as I said earlier. And there's always a lot of competition in cash rewards from major issuers. So I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as more intense than ever, but it is a time where consumers are rethinking which cards they want, do they really need another frequent flyer miles at this point. And then the other part is the only major issue with no fees on any of our card products, but knowing you'll see, message resonates surprisingly well. But then [indiscernible] we're seeing great strength on the other side of the balance sheet on the deposit side, where we compete the same way, right, good value, but an outstanding customer experience. So we're really excited. Certainly uncertainty as to what the holiday season will bring, as I talked to retailers out there. But I feel good about our ability to continue to gain share.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, and Kevin may one thing I'd add to. As we said pricing, given how hard it is to re-price card after the Court Act, we're not reacting to specific competitors in a given quarter. We're taking, working closely with finance a very disciplined through the cycle book and so it's really where our growth is occurring. And that promo mix, it'll drive it as opposed to reacting to competitors.
Roger Hochschild: So in terms of positioning ourselves as the leading digital bank, I think we're in great shape. And it's leveraging the products we already have. I don't see the need for expanding our products. If you look at the breath from home equity to a broad range of deposit products, including checking our debit accounts or great strength of course on the card side, personal loans. So we have the products, I think the opportunity is building awareness of the products we have and that can drive a lot of growth. So I'm very excited about where we're positioned. I'd say maybe one of the big differences versus the Neo banks is perhaps a different focus around profitability. So we'll see how that plays out over the long-term, but I couldn't be more excited about where we're positioned.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Thanks for the question. So it was actually a combination of two things. So there was a bit of a mix, shift to some products with lower fees and rates. There was also some higher incentives that came through based on the mix that we enjoyed in the quarter. I would say that in terms of overall volume it was up 16%, year-over-year at least for pulse. And certainly, we're happy about that, we are continuing to look at the mix and incentives to ensure we're driving appropriate level of profitability for the investments we're making there in the payments business.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, so just one thing on the receivables growth, the higher payment rate is a big factor as well. So good news on what it's doing on the deposit side of our business. But that is having a significant impact on loan growth for both card and personal loans. In terms of new accounts, while we don't disclose a number on that, what I would say is that we think we probably sustained to account marketing, more than a lot of competitors as I look at industry metrics. And so we feel good about that, and kept our marketing spend sort of appropriate for the environment and for our somewhat narrowed credit box with the changes we made earlier in the year. So I would not expect dramatic changes until we get more certainty in terms of the pace of recovery, but we continued to market across all of our products.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. And in particular, I think we pulled out on the last goal, some of the costs per account that we were seeing in different channels as competitors pull back more.
John Greene: Yes, and Sanjay, in terms of reserving, we modeled a number of different assumptions and took conservative approach across the board. What we saw was actually, as Roger said, excellent underlying portfolio performance. There is, there is a level of concern in terms of jobless claims and the impact on prime consumers. But today, we don't see anything that -- that's out there that would suggest that reserves are -- I'll say weak or deep strengthening at this point. We did model a second round of stimulus. We don't know if that's going to happen. There's some reason to be optimistic, but no one can tell that on this sorts of things these days. So we'll say, but what we'll look at through the quarter, the fourth quarter, and make a call in terms of what's appropriate from a GAAP standpoint.
John Greene: Yes, it's come down recently. We've been intentional about that in terms of taking a look at promo balances as well as balance transfers. So…
John Greene: Yes. So, we were mindful in terms of what we included here in the presentation as well as in terms of the comments. To provide, frankly, an additional insight in terms of what's happening to the funding mix, maturity profile, and the cost of our dead stack and what you can see there is based on the maturity profile, and the cost we're seeing versus online deposits, that there will be an opportunity to expand net interest margin. Now, that subject to a lot of different things, right, obviously, there's one piece, which is the health of the portfolio. And that's been strong. Certainly, the mix of revolvers and transactors will also have an impact and typically impacts the fourth quarter a bit. But, overall, as you look at where we are this quarter, I see some upside from that, from my advantage point today.
John Greene: Yes. So thanks. So I would characterize it this way is the $400 million of cost savings from the previous guidance. I wouldn't necessarily call that a deferral, what I would say is, we took a look at the economic environment and took $400 million for planned spending. Now, as I said in the March remarks, which you clearly picked up and Ryan was that the bulk of that has been on marketing and brand. Now as we look through the balance of this year, and some of the actions that we took, we saw benefits across the host of P&L line, expense line specifically. And we're going to use that frankly as a new benchmark in order to really make some determinations on what we need to spend in 2021 to ensure that we continue to grow profitably. I would say that if the economic environment continues to improve, it's natural that we're going to spend more money on customer acquisition in order to drive profitable growth into the future. But the other expense lines, professional fees, information processing other miscellaneous expense, we're going to keep a foot on those to ensure that we're disciplined about how we're spending the dollars.
John Greene: Yes. So we look at the card yield, that will overall be relatively stable subject to kind of the mix of balance transfers and promos. And as I said earlier we're going to be mindful in terms of those sorts of decisions. If we can do that, do some promos or balance transfers safely in their credit environment we'll do that because it would be high returning by returning customers. But the leverage that we're going to get in future quarters will come out of the funding base.
John Greene: Yes. So we continue to look at that. And the decision would be subject to two factors, one, the amount of liquidity we have on a balance sheet. And right now we're in a situation we have access to liquidity. And then the second piece of the equation is the competitive landscape. And then third, which is a consideration of the business is certainly the customer relationships and ensuring that our long-term good quality customers aren't feeling like they're impacted in a way that's unfair. Now, with all that said I'm seeing a persistent low rate environment. And with a persistent low rate environment, I do believe that there is some amount of room price downward. But again, it's caveated by all those points that I just mentioned.
John Greene: Yes, so I would start off by saying that, the portfolio performance versus what we thought it potentially could be, when we close the book in March has been extraordinarily strong. And we're really, really pleased by that. In terms of trajectory of both delinquencies and charge-offs, yes, we are seeing certainly a push from ‘20 into ‘21. And the absolute quantum of that will obviously depend on all the factors that we built into our reserve calculation, GDP, unemployment, new jobless claims, stimulus, or lack thereof. So we will, we're going to monitor the portfolio, but to kind of net it for you and the other folks that are on the call, ‘20 looks super solid ‘21 level of uncertainty and we expect the bubble to push through into -- certainly, beginning maybe in the midpoint of the year into the second half of ‘21.
John Greene: Okay. Yes, so let's talk about the credit outlook and then handle the mortgage question on the back end. So in terms of the stimulus that we modeled, and it is one of many inputs, and we'll look at what happens in the fourth quarter and see how the roll rates are progressing in the portfolio through the quarter to get -- I'll say, a bottoms up view of actually, the impact there. So no specific information on that other than to say that underlying roll rates are far more positive than we thought they would be at this time. And if another round of stimulus doesn't come in, I think that's going to be tough for a number of people that have been impacted by the pandemic. And progressively it will start to impact the prime revolver base. And that's why we're conservative in terms of our reserve outlook here for the third quarter. But overall, again, we're pleased with our positioning. Now, in terms of the mortgage forbearance that we really don't have any data on that. What we are seeing is our home equity business continues to, it's open for business, we are underwriting standards that have tightened mildly through this and it's positioned pretty well and open for business.
John Greene: Great. Thanks for the question. So we're submitting our second round of stress tests in November. And including there are a number of judgments. I'm not going to get into the details would be premature on that. I would say, as you take a look at the capital trends for the business, they're super solid, our capital levels are higher than our targeted levels. And Roger was specific in terms of our cheering of capital allocation priorities. So there's no change to that. And we're going to work through kind of the details with the Fed, other regulators rating agency and then board. Sorry, I can't be more specific than that at this point.
John Greene: We want to keep the broker CD channel open. So we'll continue to attest that the relative change or difference between the direct to consumer and the broker deposits narrowed, narrowed significantly in the early stages of the pandemic, there was a substantial difference and the market took care of that and narrowed the gap. We do enjoyed slightly better pricing, if it's direct relationship versus through a broker so that -- what that will be our focus in terms of overall kind of mix of those, I would expect the broker channel to continue to contract a bit and the direct channels expand.
John Greene: No, the cost there on the ABS, that's reflected is net of the hedge impacts. So fortunately, we hedge those and have a nice benefit coming through over the next couple of years. The actual outside contract rate on those ABS transactions quite a bit higher than that. So that was -- frankly that was the rates we are enjoying, there's just good work on the part of our Treasury team to hedge that. So we'll continue to ensure that the ABS channel is there and present and available to us. But it will certainly come down as maturity profile indicates.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Dominick. So you touched on a lot there. And I would sum that up by saying there's a level of uncertainty around what actually will happen on unemployment. Now, the 11% does feel at this point, like, I'll call it a robust number. But what we're trying to get a good clarity on it as the service workers who initially were impacted by the pandemic containment activity went to the unemployment ranks, some of those have returned, we certainly have seen some indications across the economy that across the nation and frankly the world that it could be a tough winter here from a COVID standpoint. So that's going to further impact not only service industry, but the entire economy. And so as we sit here today, we're mindful of that as a risk and continue to kind of maintain the reserves where they are. So we don't expect there to be a rush of white collar unemployment. But what will be clear and we've seen some of this already, is businesses are sizing both their professional staff and the blue collar staff for the business at hand. And there's enough indications today that there could be some contraction and as such the unemployment numbers not exactly an easy number to predict but we feel like as an input to our model, it is appropriate at this point.
John Greene: Yes, so in terms of fraud, it doesn't reflect any, renegotiations with any of our merchant partners. Fraud is one of the areas where we're deploying advanced analytics, and next generation [technical difficulty]. Yes, and then I would just add, in terms of the other expense line, so. So we did see lower global acceptance, expense in the quarter. And that's a function of two things a little better on the economy and liability associated with some of our partners executing on kind of terms associated with previous incentive agreements. And then, frankly, just a level of uncertainty that's caused us to be cautious on I’ll say signing up new rich incentive deals. Now we're still doing that, where it makes sense. But in terms of timing little bit cautious on that one. But we've seen, actually great effectiveness from our procurement team, driving year-over-year savings on the entire indirect cost base. And we're still, as we said, in the remark, investing in advanced analytics and some digital capabilities that driving up information processing, but my expectation is that we continue that we are and we will continue to get more efficient and overall information processing and technology spend.
John Greene: Yes, So thanks for the question, Bill. So you folks don't have the TDR disclosures but will come out or come out in the Q1 it's published. And what you'll see there is relative to the first quarter TDR volumes will be substantially down. But there's also the impact of the CARES Act with a regulatory exclusion for certain modifications that banks such as ours make. So we can put those two together and compare where we are in the third quarter versus where we were in the first quarter and called the first quarter of pre-pandemic relatively stable. So the point there is that there's not an abundance of activities or a massive jump in any sorts of activities there. That's impacting delinquencies. We do these programs to improve the cash flows of the company, and ensure that when there's a temporary issue with a customer, that they can manage through it and return to paying their bills. So from a credit standpoint, TDR standpoint, there's been good execution from our customer service teams.
