David W. Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good evening everyone, and I want to thank you all for joining us today. For the second quarter we delivered net income of $599 million, earnings per share of $1.33, and a return on equity of 21%. Our net income this quarter benefited from a reserve release driven by a better outlook for our card credit. Card net charge-off and delinquency rates improved, as card members continue to be careful about managing their debt. And we continue to take action to help them stay current. At the same time consumer conservatism and lower gas prices have resulted in slow U.S. retail sales growth, and this along with heightened competition, has resulted in a bit slower growth for our card sales and loans. Despite these headwinds to sales we once again achieved another quarter of solid loan growth, building upon more than four years of quarterly card loan growth. Discover achieved total loan growth of 5% over the prior year, which was driven by growth in card loans, personal loans, and private student loans. Specifically we grew card receivables by 4%, in the middle of our targeted range. Card sales volume for the quarter was up 2%. Excluding the impact of gas prices, sales were up approximately 5%. Our loan growth continues to be driven by a combination of wallet share gains with new accounts and existing customers. Despite a competitive environment new account growth accelerated through the quarter, as we launched our double rewards offer to new Discover it customers. In addition to launching new rewards promotions in the quarter we also introduced new features for our card members. For example we launched our Freeze It capability, which essentially allows customers to turn on or off their card in the event that it is misplaced. Over 100,000 customers have tried this feature since launch. We also announced that our card members will be able to use Apple Pay and Android Pay in the near future. Our goal is to provide our customers the freedom, options, and simplicity of making mobile payments with whatever method they choose. Mobile payments and digital in all their forms will continue to be an opportunity to further engage with our card members, and we continue to invest in these capabilities. Turning to other direct lending products, the organic student loan portfolio increased 19% and personal loans grew 13% over the prior year. Both are on track for record originations in 2015, as we launch additional marketing programs with student loans during peak season, and as we see increased personal loan applications from the broad market. On the regulatory front this week the CFPB and the FDIC announced that they have released us from the protection products consent orders, which we entered into with them a few years ago. This morning we announced a consent order with the CFPB regarding certain student loan servicing practices. You may remember that we had previously disclosed a CID related to this matter early last year. And we fully accrued for this in the first quarter of 2015. Finally on the AML/BSA and general compliance fronts, we have noted significant expenses this quarter related to our continuing focus on meeting all regulatory expectations from our regulators. Focusing on payments, total volume was down 3% as increases in our proprietary volume and growth in our business-to-business volume were not enough to offset year-over-year declines at PULSE. The decreased volume at PULSE was mainly due to the previously announced loss of volume from a large debit issuer. On a reported basis Diners volume was roughly flat. However adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange rates, Diners volume was up more than 10% year-over-year, driven by strong results in several regions, especially Asia Pacific. Lastly, we rebalanced our portfolio of activities in the second quarter. In Direct Banking we announced the exit of our Home Loans business. In payments and specifically within Diners we announced the sale of our Diners Club Italy franchise to Cornèr's Bank (sic) [Cornèr Bank] (6:09) and announced a new Diners Club franchisee in Turkey. We are committed to our vision to be the leading direct bank and payments partner and continue to take steps towards achieving this vision. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark, and he will walk through the details of our second quarter results.
David W. Nelms: Moshe, this is David. Some of the actions that we're taking now are designed to position us well for the future, even in some cases sacrificing near-term profitability. So the preparation for a rising rate environment on the funding side is costing us a bit of net revenue right now, but we think it's the right thing to do for long-term earnings growth. The exit of the Home Loans business will help our efficiency ratio going forward, and certainly we didn't see a path to producing adequate profitability in that business. And some of the marketing changes and cash rewards investments that we're making now are designed to drive growth and return long-term profitability. So it's focusing on long-term shareholder value, as Mark mentioned.
David W. Nelms: Well I think this quarter we moved back a bit to the middle of our range. And we cited the broad retail sales growth across the country that decelerated this quarter. And we saw that in many of our competitor announcements as well. We also saw the continuing impact of gas prices, which has impact sales and to a lesser degree loans. And I would acknowledge that it is more competitive now than it probably was a few years ago. We have been at the top end of our range and the top of the industry for now the last four years. And so while on the one hand we're still in the middle of our range, a lot of the actions we talked about are designed to try to accelerate that, because I'd rather find a way to get it back to the top of the range. And that includes the double cash rewards on our Discover it program, which has seen good results in the early weeks of that program, our new Miles program, additional marketing spend, additional features like the on/off functionality that's unique on our card. So we're taking a lot of actions to try to accelerate loan growth, but I'm pleased that we were in the middle of the range.
David W. Nelms: Well we – I think it's pretty modest, that portion of it. The duration, average duration is the bigger part. But I mentioned that we're expecting all-time record loan originations this year. And so I think that we are looking to continue to grow that business, because it's – unlike some of the new competitors – we're quite profitable and we're growing. And we want to keep taking advantage of our capabilities in the prime segment within personal loans.
David W. Nelms: Well and I mentioned competition is just one factor. And I'm not sure it's so much different than what we planned for. It's just a factor that makes it harder to grow as fast as we'd like. I think that it's still – if you look at mailboxes there's still a lot less intensity than there was pre-crisis. But I – and there's fewer players here post-crisis left in the market. It's consolidated. But I think that some of the players that were really wounded from maybe credit mistakes and problems that they had made are kind of getting through those and are coming back in the market. And I think it's not lost on a lot of players that card returns are much higher than almost anything else in banking. And therefore it's an attractive place to compete. And so we are used to facing competition. We've done it for 30 years successfully. And so we view it as a challenge that we're up to.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that our objective is to get sales growing a little faster. It was – ex gas it was 5%, and as we get to the end of the fourth quarter, that's when I would expect the gas thing to stop being something we talk so much about, because it'll be in the end-of-the-year comps. But 5% ex gas is still above retail sales growth, but if we can find ways to get that even higher than that, above retail sales growth, we will take actions to do so. And certainly some of our new rewards programs, marketing and so on are designed to do that. The one thing is we're not going to – we are focused on sustainability. We're not going to be entering an arms war.
David W. Nelms: Both are going to be engines for growth. The card is going to be quite important because of its base size. The other products are going to tend to grow faster than card but from a lower base. So as we look out over the next year, the next three years, we need to maximize our profitable growth in all of our products.
David W. Nelms: No. I mean, post-CARD Act, as far as I know, all cards are variable rate and so we'll immediately reset upward. I think if you just focus narrowly on new account pricing, it might not be a perfect beta. But I would expect those rates to also go up, and it would certainly take a number of years for that to really filter into the portfolio. So I think that it'll immediately adjust up.
David W. Nelms: I think that – I guess I would answer that as yes. We've already seen that, and I don't think it's going to go back to pre-crisis. We're not counting on huge loan growth in our industry in cards, but we also think that the new normal for credit is significantly different than pre-crisis. I think that consumer behavior has had a certain amount of permanent change as well as some of what competitors are willing to offer. You just don't see a lot of subprime players the way it existed in the past. And so the good news is that the industry is – feels like it's going to start returning to slow growth, and that's a lot different than the shrinkage we've seen for a number of years. And even as it does that, credit remains amazingly benign. And for us to achieve actual reduction in charge-off and delinquencies despite our loan growth this quarter, this far away from the crisis I think is remarkable.
David W. Nelms: Let me parse it two ways. Right now, the players who are in retailer and subprime kind of credit are seeing a pretty big resurgence in growth. But it's not a market that I'm particularly focused on. We're just not a subprime player. Now, at the same time, as credit and behavior gets worked into the models and given customers have lower risk, it opens up the universe a bit of people that could have prime performance, that maybe in the past we might not have been as confident that they would have had prime performance. So at the margin, we are looking for opportunities to expand our prime universe, particularly both in cards and personal loans.
David W. Nelms: No. It related to some practices that we actually changed a while back, so everything is in the run rate.
David W. Nelms: I think in the short- and medium-term, it could become material volume, we hope. I think I would not expect material profitability or revenues any time soon, it is B2B. It's low margin, but it's a huge market. And so, over the long period of time, we hope to build some very large significant volumes and there may be the potential for some ancillary related services that could also be profitable.
David W. Nelms: Yeah, I think we had an earlier question kind of on that. I think at the margin, I do think there is some opportunity to take a little more risk to get a little more growth to increase profitability. And in some cases, it's really taking the same risk, but we're basically being able to expand the credit bucket a bit given the confidence that some of those consumer behavioral change that has occurred is here for an extended period of time. The only thing I would say is I wouldn't take the leap that we're going to suddenly do giant line increases to drive a huge amount of growth, because that will usually come back and bite you. We're not going to just jump into subprime to accelerate growth. So I would just emphasize modest and at the margin, and we're always looking for opportunities.
David W. Nelms: Our average customer has been with us for 12 years, which is we believe the highest in the industry. It's one of the reasons our credit is so good. Our focus on service as well as having great credit quality helped with that. About 17% of our book is three years or less of age.
David W. Nelms: Sure. I think we don't – I think you could look back at previous seasonality where it's typically the revenue's front-end loaded in the first quarter, and we don't really see that changing. I guess the thing I feel good about on Diners is we've had to take a lot of actions to get stronger franchises in certain markets, to deal with Citi exiting in certain markets that they were in to deal with the economy in Europe, and it feels like we're on a much more level to growing field. We're back in the double-digit growth on volume. We're seeing some very nice volumes out of our Chinese, Indian, and certain other franchises, Japanese is growing nicely. And we've gotten – we had to step in there at the Italian situation. We've now got a buyer, so we're back into just operating the network everywhere once we close that. So Diners is still a relatively small part of the overall profit picture, but nonetheless it feels like a much more positive trajectory.
R. Mark Graf: Moshe, all I'd really tack on to that is a big pressure right now is obviously on the expense front and its regulatory expenses. They were significant in the quarter. They continue to be a pressure point. We're committed to a constructive relationship with our regulators and making sure that we are operating in accordance with their expectations, but right now that's clearly a drag on profitability.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so let's talk about a couple of those specifically, Moshe, to really hit on the – very pointedly on your question. I would say let's take a look at the expense growth of $130 million, right? So $23 million of that is related to the exit of the Home Loans business, non-recurring; $17 million of it is related to the postal rebate that we have historically received kind of going away. Right? So that takes me down to an adjusted number. Then take out another $8 million for EMV costs that we incurred in the quarter, give or take. It takes me down to an adjusted $82 million. There's about, call it, another $40 million in various and sundry different regulatory related costs that are in there. That gets me down to an adjusted – rough math now, mind you, but for the sake of the call here – an adjusted expense growth number of $42 million as opposed to the headline number of $130 million. Right? So I think that's kind of a key piece of the puzzle to look at. If you talk about the funding side of the equation, I appreciate your earlier comment noting that the compression in NIM was kind of in line with our prior guidance. We did not take any further activities in this most recent quarter to further extend in any way our funding durations. So the compression you're seeing is a result of actions we've already taken to position the balance sheet. There's no more further pressure coming from that other than as the quarters roll and you get the comps with that higher funding cost in there, it will be there, and that's why we've given the guidance down to 9.5% going forward. So hopefully on the NIM side, hopefully on the expense side, that gives you some key pieces that will help you develop some comfort there.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I would say, Sanjay, just adding onto that the only thing I would say that has changed since the planning time is our expectations for overall retail sales growth. At the time we cut our plan last fall, Moody's, all the external providers, were basically expecting a much stronger retail sales growth climate than we're actually finding ourselves in today. So I would say that is the one major factor that has altered. In response to your specific question on rewards categories I would say this quarter the driver was active engagement enrollment and the 5% rotating cashback category was the principal driver. I think for the full year the guidance we gave is we expected the rewards rate to be in the 105 basis point range. I don't see any reason to point you to something radically different. If there is any upward pressure on rewards costs, I would say it's 1 basis point or 2 basis points above and beyond that possibly. But nothing of significant magnitude from a rewards standpoint there.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So the NIM, I think last quarter we saw from first quarter – from fourth quarter into first quarter we saw 7 basis points of compression. And I think we guided on the last call that we expected to see similar compression this quarter, which would have taken us from 9.69% to 9.62% and we printed a 9.63%. So I feel like we're pretty much in line with the cadence we were kind of calling out. We do see further compression over the course of the remaining two quarters we're looking at going forward. But we still see ourselves remaining above a 9.5% NIM. I think if you want to use a linear approach to getting there, Sanjay, that's probably not a crazy way to think about modeling things I would say. And then on the tax rate scenario, I would say the good guide this quarter was simply related to a resolution of a tax matter with a taxing authority. And it was just kind of one of those things that you'll have from time-to-time as you get favorable resolutions to matters that you've reserved for. So kind of hard for me to kind of guide you in terms of what that looks like going forward for when we might see other such things.
R. Mark Graf: Absolutely. So let me kind of give you how I'm getting to that rough $40 million number ballpark, and again these are rough numbers. They're not sniper rifle estimates. So you've got about $20 million directly related to the look-back that's been mandated in our regulatory consents. There was about another $5 million in, what I will call, general compliance type activity. There's about $5 million expense related to our information technology group and work they needed to do related to certain compliance related activities. And then there's about $10 million in, what I would call, non-volume head count that has come into the model over the course of the last year directly – it's really more second and third order effects. So you don't see these people sitting in compliance, you don't see these people sitting in corporate risk, but the people in compliance and corporate risk are looking for more information, more reporting, more activity. So that's driving second and third order effects downstream. I'm, for my purposes, classifying that as, what I'll call, regulatory compliance related activity as well. So if you look about the – if you look at it net-net, certainly 50% of that increase is non-recurring beyond this year as we get through that look-back type activities. I think we'd all be hopeful that we'd have the ability to pare back some portion of that additional 50% as we get this activity layered in. The head count is not coming out, which was $10 million of it, and I'm sure there will be some ongoing related activity as well. So I don't have the precise number to give you. Clearly, 50% of it is non-recurring. I'm comfortable saying that some portion of the remainder is non-recurring. What I can't do is give you a real sniper rifle estimate on what the tail on that looks like.
R. Mark Graf: Very fair question. I would say, Mark, at this point in time, that's one of the things we're trying to get behind ourselves as we kind of see this new normal credit environment creeping in that's offsetting the seasoning. So I'm not prepared at this point in time to give you a new provision rate, but I would kind of highlight one of the things that I pointed out in our prepared remarks when I kind of said we're going to have this increased level of expenses rounding from $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion because of some of these additional things that have come at us. But we do expect the goodness on the credit side relative to that provision guidance will pay for that. Right? So comfortable going that far at this point in time. Beyond that, we need to see a little bit more history, a little bit more activity to get a better sense on that front.
R. Mark Graf: We're continuing to see the book season, which is the key piece of the puzzle. The fundamental question is really on the consumer behavior side of the equation that I don't think we have enough history with yet to really be able to sniper rifle – give you a sniper rifle estimate on that. So again, I just – I don't want to give you guidance that I'm not comfortable with myself yet because we don't have all the ticking and tying done ourselves. I am comfortable telling you it's going to better than that 2.5%. I'm comfortable saying it'll pay for the expense increase. That goodness will pay for the increased expense guidance. Is there possibility it could be more than that? Yes, there's clearly a possibility it could be more than that but I need to get a little more facts on my side because I don't want to mislead you.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, Ryan, I would kind of say it's a long term target that we want to hit and that we try to run the business model at. It's too early for me to give you guidance in next year in terms of where I think it's really going to come out, because there's going to be some – obviously some puts and takes as we go through our strategic planning process and our budgeting process for the year as well where we'll look to take some expenses out of the model. I think we'll probably look to make some growth investments and I just don't know how all those are going to shake out at this point in time. I'm very confident telling you that, as a management team, we're not happy with an adjusted efficiency ratio with a 40% tag associated with it. I'm very confident that a significant chunk of the expenses in the model right now are non-recurring. But in terms of giving you guidance on exactly how close we're going to be to that 38%, either up above or below it, it's just too early for me to give you that.
R. Mark Graf: So I would say a couple things, Ryan. The net interest margin guidance I said – I think what we said is it'll stay above 9.5% at least through the end of 2016. So that's one where we have gone out a little bit further on our guidance at this point in time, and I'm comfortable really kind of saying I feel comfortable with that at this juncture. In terms of the impact of the remixing of the portfolio and the impact to that, I would say in a post-CARD Act environment, the only balances you get to reprice up – or you get to price up are balances – new balances created after such point in time as that customer goes 60 days delinquent. So you obviously don't refill that higher rate bucket very much. So I think you'll see continued movement out of that promotional category – or out of the high rate bucket rather – into the standard rate category. And that is a big factor in the driving of the margin compression candidly down to that 9.5% level.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. That's being accrued in the rewards expense line. You got to accrue that on the fly. So we are handling that accrual, and it is in the numbers you see.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I would say that's absolutely mathematically correct. I would tell you it's a relatively small number, because it's really spending only related to new accounts. Right? So you got the installed base is one issue, but then you got the new account activity that's qualifying for it as well. So I would say the driver is clearly not the double. The driver was clearly where the 5% category was this quarter.
R. Mark Graf: So I would say in terms of the areas where we would look, those would be the areas we would generally look. We obviously don't give any specific thoughts on M&A type related matters, other than at this point in time I would say we've gone on the record and said while we're under a BSA/AML consent order, it's unlikely we would look to M&A type activities. I think we kind of feel we have to get that one rectified. But I think in terms of generally where we would devote our attentions, yeah, I think natural adjacencies where we can lever strengths we have internally, as opposed to trying to take quantum leaps and say entering the commercial real estate lending business or something. That doesn't feel like our DNA.
R. Mark Graf: Oh absolutely. Yeah, so on the buyback activity, what I would say is we continue to be very focused on producing high yield. I think we got close to a 9% total yield right now between dividends and buybacks. We clearly recognize we have too much capital at this point in time and within the constraints of the regulatory process and the CCAR process, we are very focused on finding ways to return that capital to shareholders.
R. Mark Graf: Oh, for deployment. I'm sorry. I misunderstood the question. My apologies, David. So in terms of the best opportunities for deploying it, I think you see us making a lot of those investments today in the it platform right now would be one key piece of the puzzle I would say is a good place for deploying that capital. We continue to, as David noted earlier, to see great CPAs and very active, engaged card member behavior there. I think there's a lot of investments going into digital right now, digital and mobile platforms. Our key focus on the information technology side and investments being made there very heavily. I think in the non-card lending businesses, the direct banking businesses, I think digital investments there are also forefront critical and are consuming capital at this point in time and we're seeing good returns associated with those. And I think you already know we're actively engaged in migrating all of our banking platform products to a new core banking system as well. So that's a driver also. So we watch the expected payback and the budgets associated with all these projects very, very closely, and I'm comfortable that we continue to have a disciplined process around the investments we're making.
R. Mark Graf: It was an annual number, Bob, that tended to generally fall into the second quarter. It was $17 million last year. So the increase this year is pulling up that comp. It varied year-to-year, but last year it was $17 million and this year the postal service chose to not renew that rebate. So it's a once-a-year kind of thing. It'll adjust this year, and then it will be out of the run rate going forward.
R. Mark Graf: No. I actually think the marketing expense kind of hit its high watermark this quarter for the year. We'll actually – I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we had some timing differences in campaigns. So I think you've seen the marketing expense hit its high watermark over the course of the year. It'll down a little bit from here, although it'll be higher in the fourth quarter than the third.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So I would say there is – Chris, there is a discrepancy between the master trust and the managed book. So if you think about the master book, I think we're coming up on or have just lapped six years since we have added any new accounts to that. So it's a very well-seasoned book. And one of the things you'll see in a well-seasoned book is on a like-for-like basis, so if you have a FICO score – just pick a random number – a 750 FICO account that's brand-new and a 750 FICO account that's been with you for 10 years, the 750 that's been with you for 10 years performs better. I don't think that's unique to Discover. I think that's just a phenomena you see in the consumer lending space. So there definitely is a disconnect between the performance of a well-seasoned book and the seasoning of a newly acquired book that you put on there. So absolutely there is a disconnect there. That's why we give you some of the managed data as well along with those master trust releases on a monthly basis so that you can kind of get a little bit of insight into there.
R. Mark Graf: It interacts very well with the customer base. We have a great relationship with that firm as well. I guess what I would say is that fourth quarter from a few years back was the result of a very broad category. This is targeted specifically at Amazon, and no, I'm not concerned about a repeat of that event from several years ago.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so I'll point you back to some other places to kind of compose it. So in terms of revenues, we've published mortgage revenue in the 10-Qs historically, and it was roughly plus or minus $80 million on an annual basis, give or take. And then I would say the other thing I'd point you toward is we kind of said that the business was roughly operating at a break-even level. So I think that kind of gets you to sort of how to adjust your model as you're looking into 2016, more or less.
