R. Mark Graf: Sure, Sanjay. I guess, I'd say a couple of different things. First of all, I'll just reinforce that by historical standards and compared to industry norms, credit remains exceptionally well below what we'd expect in either of those categories normally. I would say, what we're seeing is a combination of both seasoning of new account growth, as well as an increase in severity when losses occur in the back book. Up to this quarter it's been principally driven by the seasoning effect. In this past quarter we also saw an uptick in the severity elements associated with the back book. In terms of confidence, in terms of where we stand right now, I would say, delinquency rates have largely stabilized, and as you know, there are a very reliable predictor of what we think is coming at us over the course of the next six months, the remainder of the year. The macro fundamentals remain strong too, you got a very strong labor market, HPI is in good shape, bankruptcy filings in good shape, debt to disposable income in good shape. So on balance, we continue to believe it's two factors driving this, the first of which is the seasoning of new accounts, and the second of which really is the increase in the leverage that we've seen out there across consumers, so while incidence rates on the back book aren't moving, we are seeing movement in severities.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I think in terms of what we're seeing flow through, the market rate element in this last quarter remained pretty consistent with what we've guided to before, Sanjay. So if you did the walk on a sequential basis from the first to the second quarter, market rates got you about a 13-basis point increase in NIM. The receivables rate was about a 10-basis point bad guy on margin, that was due to higher promotional balances in the card book. The funding rate was about a 1-basis point detractor, and then receivables mix due to a higher revolver rate in the card book got you about a 2-basis point good guy. So that's where your 4 basis points walk on a sequential basis comes from. So really, as you think about it going forward, I'd say that rough 15-basis point market rate movement for every 25 basis point movement, rates remains intact. The other things that affect it though obviously, that you got to keep an eye on our portfolio mix, promotional activity, charge-offs of accrued interest and deposit betas.
R. Mark Graf: Understood. Ryan, what I would say is, reluctant to guidance for next year until our January call, which is when we typically give guidance beyond this year. But I guess what I would say is, if I think about the type of credit we're originating, we continue to remain very disciplined in terms of what we're putting on the books. And all the vintages continue to season essentially in line with or better than our expectation. So we continue to be very disciplined in terms of how we're approaching the credit space. I would say, to the point of pulling back a few years ago, when we saw some of the channels we were originating and weren't generating the kind of returns we were before returning to the kind of growth we're seeing today, over the course really of that last 10 months to 12 months as you noted. The other thing I'd point out is, as we noted in our prepared remarks, we are pulling back on personal loan growth now, particularly in the unsolicited portfolio where candidly we're seeing some development that's not consistent with what we would like to see. So I think, we feel very good that we're booking prudent, profitable loans, that as we've said before in the lend-centric business model, are really key to compounding value over time. So I know that's not a direct response to what's the pace for 2018, we'll make you wait for that until January. What I would say that we feel very good about the growth we're booking.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So a bunch in there, I'll try and hit it all, if I miss something let me know. I will say, the stabilization in delinquencies comment that I made was specific to sequentially, as we've seen the delinquency formation really begin to stabilize, which gives us a high degree of comfort in the guidance that we offered at this point in time. We are seeing some stabilization in some of the newer vintages as well. So I would say, on balance, it feels like we're hitting somewhat of a new plateau at this point in time. That being said, the wild card is, as David noted, we got really good insight into our own growth driven provisioning, or our own growth driven credit delinquency statistics. It's some of the environmental stuff where we're seeing the severities that has been the unexpected piece, quite honestly, over the course of the year this year. If you think back to the end of the first quarter, the old guidance we had out there for charge-offs we were currently forecasting to be right at the upper end of that range. Over the course of this quarter we've seen the severity in the back book pick up, and really attributable to the overall leverage levels consumers are carrying. It seems to be managed, it seems to be controlled, debt-to-income ratios are great, the incidence rates are very stable. So it's just a matter of when folks do go bad and they have more credit outstanding, and so what's available to each creditor is a little bit lower. So it feels like normalization type activity, like we saw back in the mid 1990s. The last time we saw credit really normalize without a cyclical turn, and it feels like that's what we see Brian. And we continue to feel confident it's a good environment in which to be originating new loans.
R. Mark Graf: Although, the one thing I would call out Brian is clearly on a prequalified basis, credit continues to perform better than on an unsolicited basis.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So we've talked about levers over the last couple of years that we have available when these things happen, I mean, two of them I think you saw some evidence of in the last quarter, that being our ability to drive revenue growth, but really also our ability to be extremely disciplined around the expense line. I would say, beyond that, Betsy we debated giving a truckload of guidance or a little bit of guidance, and we really went to kind of highlighting with that $5.98 a share number the Street out up there felt like it was in the right ZIP code. What I would say is all the levers that we referred to are operating in nature, nothing cute intended in their like one-time tax items up our sleeve or anything like that, really are operating levers we have available on both, I guess, the volume side, the margin side, the expense side, any number of different drivers.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I guess, what I'd say in that regard is, we will see a little bit of drift up in expenses in the back half of the year from where we are right now just because of the seasonal spend if you have in the back half of the year to drive holiday spending in sales. That being said, I think a wise person would assume that expenses are one of those levers that relative to our plan for this year, for expenses, we will probably be pulling on.
R. Mark Graf: And Betsy, the one thing I would say is, just to give you some comfort, I'd reiterate my earlier comment that we saw, we've seen delinquency rates on a sequential basis really kind of level out, and the delinquency formation seems to have stabilized. In addition to that, the macro factors all remain very positive, and incidence rates which is a critical piece of the puzzle, incidence rates in the back book are relatively flat. So it doesn't need to appear to be anything cyclical, anything embedded. It's really on a percentage basis, just the people who are going bad are carrying more balances. The other thing I think that's relative to this is, I think we've been pretty transparent over the course of the last couple of years, that we chose not to participate in the rewards war for the high spend transactor. And as a result, I think we've been pretty transparent, we've lost some transactor volume. That clearly will show up in the credit related rates that we discussed, delinquency charge-off, all those things, just because you don't have those balances in the denominator any longer. But the one thing I would point out is transactors also don't tend to drive a lot of losses. So one thing I encourage everybody to think about is, there is a difference between the rate and the dollars of loss, a bit of a disconnect there that having made a decision to let some of those high spend transactors to trade, I don't think the dollars of loss we face in our P&L will be radically different. The rates will look different, again, just because of that denominator effect.
R. Mark Graf: Well, I'm not going to give two-year forward guidance, but I will react to some thoughts a little bit here. I guess, Ken, I like in the period we're in right now from what we're seeing most to a period we last saw in the mid-1990s. So you have a supply side credit driven phenomena as oppose to a macroeconomic or cyclical driven phenomena that's causing a normalization of losses. So the macro fundamentals all remain very strong, the labor market, HPI, BKs, all the rest of those factors continue to be very well behaved. But what you've seen is the cycle has persisted for longer, and as we have come off of loss rates that were just lower than we've ever seen, for longer than we've ever seen, I think you saw an increase of consumer credit come into the marketplace. And I think, as folks are going bad, what you're seeing is, with that increased leverage, particularly in personal loans and auto loans and few other categories, you're seeing fewer dollars available to cover that increased debt burden. So it really is, what I would call, a supply driven as opposed to a macroeconomic cyclical, say phenomenon. So that's why we're comfortable continuing to underwrite credit to the extent we are. Obviously, we have not suspended the fact that we compete in a cyclical industry, and at some point in time those macroeconomic factors will kick-in and affect everybody. I'm not going to speculate as to when that would be. We're not seeing evidence of that at this point in time though is what I'd say.
R. Mark Graf: So I guess, what I would say Henry is that, when we set those reserves, that basically it's an actuarial model that established the reserves. So it takes into account the development we expect to see over the coming 12 months period of time, and then it takes into account number of macroeconomic factors that come in from Moody's macro advisors, and any one of a number of different providers. I guess, the way I'd answer the question fundamentally is to underscore the fact that I take you back to my earlier comment that we've seen delinquency formation moderate, the point where it's on a sequential basis pretty much flat, slightly down across most of the product. So I think, what that should probably imply is that based on what we see right now, we wouldn't expect a reserve build of the same magnitude in the next quarter. But I would just point out that's going to obviously be impacted by any changes that we would see over the course of this coming quarter in terms of development. It would also be impacted by anything we would see in terms of changes to the macroeconomic forecast that we take in as part of that process as well. But, I think the development we've seen is reflected in the reserves we've established for the 12-month forward-looking period, and we feel that we are adequately reserved and reserved well in accordance with GAAP.
R. Mark Graf: Again, it's impossible to fully predict, because it's dependent upon macroeconomic indicators that are forecast by other firms that we don't control. But the delinquency formation piece of it, all the parts and pieces we see right now would tell us there is a stabilization taking place.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. So I would say, Arren, we see on the deposit side is, we don't intend to lead a price war by any stretch of the imagination. We went through a lengthy process over the course of the last four years, five years to really move ourselves down in the league table standings, and really focus on cross-selling to our existing customer base. So we're now at a point, where greater than 60% of our depositors have a relationship with us on the asset side of the balance sheet. Over 80% of last year's new depositors have a relationship with us on the asset side of the balance sheet. So we think our betas can be sustainably lower than what I would call a typical online bank that doesn't have that synergy between the right and the left hand sides of its balance sheet. What I would say is, we have noted the betas have come back into the mix. We're actually kind of surprised, they really took us along as they did to begin to creep back into the mix, but they're still well below where we expect them to be normalized, and well below the levels we bake into our margin guidance for the year as well.
R. Mark Graf: We decided to be a little bit more pithy in our response than to go line item by line item in terms of the specific guidance. Again, Arren, I think I did say earlier, and I'd reiterate clearly the expense lever is one we will be pulling. They still will trend up in the back half of the year a little bit because of the seasonal spend, but not necessarily to the levels we had planned for by any stretch of the imagination either. So I think that's definitely one of those levers. There is other, there is volume levers, there is margin levers, there is all kinds of different other ones we can be pulling, but we chose just to again be pretty pithy and stick to just the number we thought really mattered which was that EPS line.
R. Mark Graf: The other thing I would say there, Jason, that it's not really – if you think about it holistically, it's not necessarily what happens in card that drives losses in card, right? So it's really what's the consumer's overall debt burden, because we're not seeing – again, we're not seeing real increase in incidence rates to any meaningful degree. It's really just that consumers are levering, and we're seeing that leverage occur, in the federal student loan program, we're seeing it in auto loans, we're seeing in personal loans. Those will be the three categories that if you index back to pre-crisis, which show they've kind of driven the re-levering of the consumer. So if that consumer encounters an event, which typically tends to be an event because those incidence rates haven't moved and debt-to-income remains manageable, they simply are carrying a lot more leverage than they were, it doesn't really matter what product it occurred in. If they get over-levered they have a problem, all the creditors tend to feel a little bit of that pain. So I wouldn't specifically link card-to-card or personal loans to personal loans per se.
R. Mark Graf: So it remains a very attractive channel for us right now. We are utilizing it particularly on the portfolio side of the equation as opposed to the new account side of the equation to reengage consumers. I think, I in my sequential NIM walk earlier pointed out there was about 10 basis points of detrimental effect in NIM as a result of increased promo balances, and a good chunk of that was the balance transfer activity. I'd say they remain very high FICOs that, 730-ish average FICO on the card book is what you should still be thinking about us, the scope in which we are generally playing, and even higher than that for personal loans and for student loans. But BTs are a healthy channel right now.
R. Mark Graf: I don't think that's all been necessarily asked and answered. There is some new stuff in there. I guess, what I would say Moshe is that, it's going to depend on a number of different factors. It's going to depend obviously on the level of competitive – what competitors are willing to do from a credit perspective. It would obviously depend on macroeconomics. It would depend on any number of different things. It would depend on what we chose to do with our own underwritings. But I would say that, when we think about credit, your perspective on credit is decidedly dependent upon the temporal lens through which you are viewing it. If you think about charge-offs, we'll readily stipulate that they have been going up. There's no question about it. And if you think about it on a three quarter graph, it looks like a 45 degree angle sloping upward. But if you think about it on a 10-year graph, they fell from crazy levels to the lowest levels we've ever seen in a long time, and they've kind of hung in there. And they've just now started picking up really over the course, say of the last year or so. So I mean, from our perspective, it remains an extremely attractive time to be putting new loans in the books, because charge-offs, loss rates are well below what we would expect in normalized terms they would be. So I guess, that's a long winded way of setting up. We would expect some degree of normalization in the book will continue, just coming off of unsustainably low levels, principally driven by this supply side phenomena that we kind of referenced a couple of times here. But at the end of the day, it doesn't feel based on what we're seeing right now, like this is anything like resembling any kind of a runaway train.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. And I would also point out, you didn't ask the question, but I will volunteer one more thing to give you some added comfort on that, Rick, and that is, that these new accounts were coming in with much lower average lines too. So I think we're being very disciplined. So yes, the growth is very solid right now. But we're being very disciplined about the nature of that growth. And again, I'd point to our experience with the aggregator channel a number of years ago where we pulled back when the economics just didn't make sense. I'd point to our statement today about pulling back in the unsolicited channel and personal loans where it doesn't make sense. And if we start to see development in the card book that would warrant doing something, we'd certainly do it. But to David's point heretofore, what we're booking continues to be the kind of stuff that compound shareholder value over the long haul.
R. Mark Graf: I'd have to give some time to think about that, want to get to your indexed graph, Rick. I guess what I'd say is, I'd remind everybody that in a prime card book, you tend to take peak losses about 24 months after you originate. I would remind everyone that the way you reserve for those losses, is you reserve on a 12-month forward-looking basis. So about six months to 12 months out, you started really seeing the reserve build associated with what you expect to be losing at the peak of that seasoning curve. And then you kind of fall off that 24-month peak, and somewhere between 36 months and 48 months out you kind of stabilize at, what I would call the portfolio loss rate, is really the way to think about the way the curve plays out. What I would say is, since the crisis, all those vintages are peaking at lower levels than what we've seen prior to the crisis at those peak levels, so they are peaking lower. They are inching a little bit higher every year, but still peaking well below what we would have seen in the typical pre-crisis vintages. So hopefully that's helpful for folks to think through it.
David W. Nelms: Sure, Ryan. Well, I certainly think that, if you saw the modest reduction in our reward rate this quarter, even with accelerating growth, that would suggest that we're not having to pay up more on rewards to generate that growth. And so that, I think is one indicator that I feel like over the last 12 months that that rewards competition after a big ramp-up has sort of plateaued, still at a high level. But I think that, we see that in those companies that report their number of new accounts and in marketing expenses, that the first half of this year, a number of people have pulled back a bit. And I believe that our discipline from a year ago, when we saw some cost per accounts, they got too high and the economics didn't make sense to us. Other people read some of those results, and have maybe made adjustments, which have allowed us to return to growth, while growing revenue even faster and keeping our expenses remarkably flat. In terms of where we've tightened, Mark mentioned personal loans. I'd say in the credit cards side, generally, because most of what we're now seeing, we think is more environmentally, it's not that we had credit issues. I would characterize as a pretty modest adjustments that we've made and it's really been on specific segments where we've seen some stress. And Mark talked about the higher credit expansion out there, we've seen certain segments where there was, maybe competitors have gone a bit far in the net effect to our credit as well, and the one place I'd point to is in personal loans. We've seen a lot of new players that don't have 10 years of data, haven't been through a cycle, lot of expansion in credit. And so we have a relatively small number of credit card customers who have personal loans with someone else, but those people have tended to underperform and underperformed what our expectations are, and underperformed what their FICO scores would otherwise suggest. And so we adjusted our models to help compensate for what we think is a bubble of outside credit that is affecting us.
David W. Nelms: So, I would say, at the margin, the aggregator channels have gotten a little bit more cost effective. But also we've moved away from us having a mix of aggregators. So some of our digital channels in particular have been very cost effective. So I'd say, in terms of the credit performance, I haven't seen any particular trend. It's been more of a cost per account issue as far as I know.
David W. Nelms: And I would just add Betsy, that overall if you look this quarter at a 9% revenue growth, and only a 1% expense growth, that's the operating margin that Mark is referring to, and that higher profit covered a lot of the provision increase.
David W. Nelms: Well, I talked about one specific piece, but if you look at credit cards, if you were to look across the credit bureaus, the total credit card lines outstanding, there was a contraction up until about 2013. And then there has been a pretty sizable increase since then, it's disproportionately gone to transactors, so it hasn't fully shown up in – a lot of it hasn't shown up in balances. But one estimate I saw was, there is about 30% higher credit lines available today than in 2013 in the card business, and some of that will show up in additional risk. It's on average to less risky people, but there is more available out there. And at the margin, you'll get some people that could get into too much debt. And so higher credit availability affects all creditors, and that's one of the things that we talk about, supply driven normalization, to some degree, we've had a couple years of returning to normal credit availability post crisis, that's going to drive a move towards more normal credit charge-offs for everyone.
David W. Nelms: We didn't, because we kept the discipline two years ago, three years ago, and because we're a prime competitor, we saw the industry – what my observation is the people that are in sub-prime business maybe had more loosening than more tightening. And so I think ours is relatively less. And it's just on the margin. Customers that had certain characteristics, we might tweak our models for who qualifies for a line increase, at the margin. We would adjust, who we're marketing to, where our cutoffs are for new accounts. And so there's been no major change. there's been tweaking of models for both the portfolio and for new accounts.
David W. Nelms: Let me try my hand at it too, Ken. I think so far the losses, the new vintages are performing per our expectations. And so as they started going beyond that, then we would start taking action. But to some degree, I have been in the industry when there was times when people, consumers and creditors overdo it, I don't think we're in that kind of time. I think that consumers and creditors were overly conservative a few years back, which is natural post crisis. And frankly, if you're in the prime credit card business, we never shopped for nor assumed that we were in a 2% charge off industry. In fact we would be leaving a lot of money on the table by shooting for that low, and the industry was at normally low. So what I'm seeing so far is a sort of return to what you would normally expect would sort of maximize the profitability, where you're not taking too much risk, but not way under doing it with risk as well. And to some degree this is the first normalization post CARD Act, post cycle. So there is some uncertainty as to that new normal. But I think, whether it's us or anyone else in the industry, people have been talking about 3% or 4% is being more normal, and it seems like we're just moving towards that. We're not even to that level yet. So what I'm seeing so far is normal. I'm just surprised it took this long frankly.
David W. Nelms: Henry, if I understood you, that you were asking, if it could get reversed, and I wouldn't be coming...
David W. Nelms: We feel good about the season so far. We, looking at the numbers, I mean, Sallie Mae has by far the larger market share, we grew a bit faster than they did in the first half of this year. And so I would think that, I'm hopeful that we will pick up some market share from both of our key competitors, which is Sallie Mae and Wells Fargo.
David W. Nelms: One thing I would just say is that we have also been doing line increases over the last five years, eight years. And so cumulatively, we see a growth in average balance and so that naturally contributes as well.
David W. Nelms: And the one thing I would add is, we're happy with our growth and continued growth will tend to drive continued reserving as well.
David W. Nelms: Well, I'd say, I think we brought it up specifically on personal loans. Over half of our new accounts and balances come from cross-selling our existing, largely credit card customer base, and we're seeing a lot more stability there. In recent years, we have expanded into the broad market, and we've seen a lot, it's the lowest barriers to entry. It's relatively quite easy to enter the personal loans business, relative to student loans or credit cards or even deposits. And so we've seen a huge number of new players come in, huge growth in availability, and lot of these creditors, they don't have 10 years of data through the cycle. They talk about the great models, but you need experience and data to be strong. So there is an over capacity there which is going to tend to be in the non-solicited, it's going to tend to be in the broad market. And so I would cite the really explosion of new entrants in the broad market that are impacting credit, actually both for our unsolicited personal loans, but it's also impacting credit cards and other asset types because it affects those subset of customers.
David W. Nelms: Not necessarily, because you saw us achieve accelerated loan growth this quarter even with very modest expense growth. So we're achieving efficiencies, our cost per account are very strong. And so I would say, in personal loans, you'll see some, I would expect some desellers slowdown in the growth rate for the reasons I mentioned, we'll be going back somewhat in the unsolicited channel. But in credit cards, it's not that we've been spending more money that we can now cut back, it's that we've been getting better results, and we're pleased. And frankly, the lever of getting more revenue from good accounts is a bigger lever than cutting marketing expense.
