Mark Graf: Yes. We think a fair amount of what we are seeing in personable loans has to do with a lot more growth and supply. Many of the fin tax that are out there in the lending business are focused on this product in part because it’s the easiest product to offer compared to a credit card or a student loan, much more easier operationally and so we think that in some cases there has been an over-supply of credit and we are reflecting that not only in our personal loan business, but also in our credit card business where we see the incidence of personal loans and maybe higher debt levels that may impact peoples performance across the board.  So it on average a more indebted consumer, because sometimes people get a consolidation loan from a competitor and then maybe not reduce their original balance, but they end up with a higher balance from the same income and we are not sure that FICO fully picks up this effect, because it’s a fairly new phenomenon and FICO scores take a number of years to really even out with when there has been a big change in supply or demand of our type of loan product. 
Mark Graf: And just one more comment. I would just point out that it’s very profitable to us which is in contrast to some of the other players who are not making money even in a very attractive part of the cycle. So we are pleased overall, it’s really just one segment as we mentioned of about 5% of the portfolio that we saw unacceptable performance and we took action on.
Mark Graf: Now there is no kind of a cushion built in there David. We try and give our best guidance at the time we give it and that reflects what we expect to be going on in the business this year as represented. 
Mark Graf: There is a lot in there Sanjay, I’ll try and touch on it all, if I miss anything come back at me. The first thing I would touch on is there a buffer in that range. I would say similar to the comment I just made to David on the rewards right now, I mean when we give guidance we try and give the best range of guidance we possibly can. So there is no buffer built in there that reflects in our best expectations of where we think the business will land as we move forward.  I would point out that if you think about that, we saw 54, 55 basis points of increase in our charge off rate this year. If you take a look at the guidance we are giving right now, you’d have to hit the very high end of that range to see a similar increase in charge offs in 2018. So I think there is an element of that that should probably reflect on how we think the business is likely to perform over the course of the year.  In terms of thinking about provisions, we don’t provide guidance on provision, so I have to be really more circumspect around the answer to that one unfortunately. I guess what I would say Sanjay is I think about a couple of different things. First of all I would say, we manage credit very much with a through the cycle risk adjusted return focus. So it really governs who we target, the acquisition costs will extend, how much credit will extend, how we are going to price for the risk?  We could manage to an arbitrary charge off level, but that would probably leave a pretty significant amount of money on the table. So if we think about transitioning that in the provisioning, the way to think about it is the losses that are on the balance sheet today, that we expect to recognize over the coming 12 month period of time. So one piece we did give a little bit of guidance in my comments I can speak to, maybe help you think through it is we said specifically on that personal loan, the sub segments of the personal loan book. Last quarter we said we expected $30 million of incremental exposure associated with that, right.  We took $10 million of that was reflected we said in our comments in the reserve rate this quarter, right. So that should imply to the listener that further $10 million of that $30 million of incremental exposure we expect to recognize over the course of the coming 12 months, right from where we sit today.  So that additional $20 million piece is still out there. So we are looking at loss content on the balance sheet. We are reserving for what we see coming at us in the coming 12 months and we feel in all respects our reserves are adequate in conformity with GAAP and we are very comfortable with their current levels. 
Mark Graf: Sure so as we sit here right now, I would say the fourth quarter Sanjay doesn’t really reflect the impact of the move in December, because you don’t get the card accounts repricing until their next cycle date after that prime rate move. So you will really see the benefit of the December rate increase in the first quarter of this year.  The other thing I would say is we continue to be positioned to be asset sensitive, continue to expect that further rate increases will benefit us. The one thing that’s a little bit different than at the time we gave guidance last year is this time last year deposit betas were exactly zero I believe or close to it. As we sit here today, I think on the savings product the cumulative beta now is at 36 – 35, 36 something like that.  So deposit betas will chew into that a little bit. So I would expect you would probably see as a rubric, I think of about seven or eight basis points of margin expansion associated with every 25 basis point movement that we get from the fed.  Our other impact to that obviously is as we see slightly higher charge offs, we will see slightly higher charge offs of accrued interest as well. So that will also contribute to that muting effect getting us down to that seven or eight bps.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I guess Bill there is a lot embedded in there. Grab [ph] me if I miss any of it. I guess what I would say is, you know I pointed out a second ago in response to Sanjay that our guidance for charge offs, we’d have to hit the very upper end of that range in order for us to match the increase we saw this year and obviously delinquencies are a [inaudible] sort of charge offs, right. So I think a reasonable person could come to a consumer that we do see a little bit of flatting in the trajectory there. I think you saw that reflected in our reserve bill this fourth quarter versus last fourth quarter right. The reserve bill was lower despite the seasonally high level of balances in the fourth quarter as growth in delinquencies moderated, right. So I think that is something that is reasonable now.  What I would say is you know that can change from time to time. So at the end of the day there’s lots of factors. I always encourage people, you know really if you’re looking for return in credit watch delinquency trends over a period of time. Don’t just react to you know point estimates in delinquency trends. Watch macro economic trends through time, again not just reacting to point estimates and then always ask about incidents rates in the portfolio, right and if we think about a card product or student loan product you know our incidence rates are down a year flat, personal loans are also very flat if you pull out the segment, so that implies a degree of stability there.
Mark Graf: We don’t guide on provision Bill, so I got to disappoint you on that one with apologies. So I can’t comment on this trajectory. I think put the pieces together and you can come up with your assessment, but I have to say sorry on that one.
Mark Graf: Yeah, the rate hike outlook, there’s three hikes, April, August, December in the forward curve that we’re working off of and obviously December increase wouldn’t really impact ’18 if indeed it were to materialize. So that’s why I mentioned earlier we kind of have a couple of more hikes in our cadence. As far as the operating leverage question is concerned you know, we’ve seen you know a pretty meaningful improvement you know pushing on towards a 100 and some odd basis, over 100 and some odd basis points in our efficiency ratio year-over-year and we deliver 9%, or rather a 4% positive operating leverage this last year with 9% revenue growth and 5% expense growth. So we feel very good about the leverage embedded in the model and are happy to continue with the focus on managing expenses diligently and driving revenue growth in the current environment to the extent we see great credit opportunities to do so.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I mean I think at the end of the day Ryan, I’d point to a couple of different things there. Number one I would say and we’ve talked about this pretty consistently that we have a very defined rubric for how we will go after growth, right and our acceleration isn’t so much that – well, it really isn’t in any way that we have changed our model and what we’re willing to do. It’s really more a reaction to how intensely competitive the market has been and what others have been willing to do, right.  So you go back a few years ago, our growth rate was below the industry for prime card receivables at a period of time when folks were willing to pay acquisition cost through a number of channels that just wouldn’t work on our model. So we had slower growth not because you know we decided to slow growth just because we weren’t willing to chase what we didn’t see as growth that was meeting our return hurdles. Today you see a lot of folks who pull back in that regard and so things that met our return hurdles would you know now meet those same return hurdles we had in place previously, are back to meeting them.  So you know I think there’s a discipline that underlies the way we approach these things and I think we prove them when we see things don’t meet our profitability model, that’s why we pull back. You know I would point to the student loans segments that we talked about earlier where credits are not meeting and as a result the return is not meeting and I would point to, you know that card space where we didn’t chase acquisition costs where they didn’t meet our return hurdles.  So I think we’ve demonstrated in a couple of instances here the discipline we’re applying in the way we grow and I think you got a sense for our acquisition strategy or decisioning strategy. We want the returns on those investments to exceed the return on the buyback program plus the risk premium and you know we’re looking for them to break even inside of five years. So I think we’ve got pretty strong criteria that governs that, that I think is pretty meaningful and should give you a high degree of comfort.
Mark Graf: So I would say right now we have not factored in any expectations of improvement on the part of the consumer in our modeling and in the guidance we provided. I would say we’re hard pressed to see that it could produce the major negative on the borrower, but we don’t know quite how to figure out yet as we’re still processing through things, whether there is real upside there.
Mark Graf: Well, look I think we’ve now had a full 12 months where we’ve seen some of the craziest subside and you know the things that affected us in 2016 and caused us to go a little slower as we maintained our discipline, as some people backed off, 2017 we’ve had consistently strong growth and we don’t see anything in the recent trends and even the announcements on peoples first quarter calls, I’m not hearing any restoration of huge upfront points or cash back or opening new accounts or what have you.  So I think we’re going to have to keep watching through the year to see if anything restores, but my sense is that most of these players are a little focused on getting the profits up to more reasonable levels, because some of them are really low, are aways in their card business compared to us now and I think rewards is part of it. The other thing I’d say is you know everyone is having somewhat higher charge offs and I don’t see interchange rising from here. So I think there is sort of an upward bound you know where people need to both improve profitability and cover some rising credit costs.
Mark Graf: That would be specifically operating expense that we’re referencing in that piece of the guidance and I would say from that perspective, 75%, three quarters of that benefit roughly is going into specific investments in growth. The remaining 25% of that windfall is really going into what I would describe as investing in our employees. David alluded to the first piece which was really the first pieces which were the $1000 bonus that was actually last year, moved to the $15.25 an hour minimum wage that will be happening this year and then some other things that we are thinking about for our employees as well that we haven’t really aired at this point in time yet, as well as some investments in some of our communities.  So that’s really to think through the way we’re parsing it and we really do view those as investments in our employees, right. When you really have a customer service, customer centric business model that is so heavily focused on surprising and delighting the customer, part of the way you do that is by having who we think are the very best customer service contact personnel and paying to attract and retain those folks makes all the sense in the world to us.
Mark Graf: I think it’s a combination of things. I would caution you that I think about us having the same day sales increase of around 6% this year, this quarter versus the 9% that we posted just because of the number of days and that’s going to flip around the other way in the first quarter of this year, so we don’t want to call that out.  But we’ve taken some specific efforts to get sales growth up to closer to loan growth. We also think that when we talk about competitors back in the Op book, you know some irrational rewards programs they were maybe depressing some of our sales growth before and that’s less of a depression now as they are stealing fewer customers and we’re getting more new customers coming into our program with more spend.  On the network side, you know the big growth obviously was PULSE and you know there was one was large player that helped with the growth, but over half the growth came from a whole lot of our other customers and you know we’re pleased that after several really tough years that the PULSE is back to some really nice growth.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I think just being intellectually honest, I don’t think anybody knows where new normal is until we go through a cycle, because none of us have been here post card act to understand how the much more disciplined behavior across the industry is going to impact some of that. You know I think what we’ve said in the past is that we clearly see losses this cycle being lower than what you would have seen in normal cycles because they were so low for so long and the industry has been very disciplined.  Clearly at this point in time I’m not going to call, we’re not going to call when we think the cycle will actually reach a normalized peak or a normalized point. What we do know is you know we are not underwriting to anything like the current loss rates we are seeing. We are underwriting to what we believe through the cycle loss rates embedded in that book, embedded in those accounts to be, so our originations, our underwriting, our credit decisioning has never been tied to where we are at a point in the cycle. So we’re taking a long view and originating stuff that in our acquisition modeling drives very profitable long term returns in very different environments than we’re in today.
Mark Graf: The composition on the current side is about close to 50/50 on growth coming from new accounts as well as from the portfolio, which is in our minds very healthy because you want growth to come through your legacy customers. You don’t want them to think they have disengaged. You also want to attract new accounts that exhibit the right behavior. So that feels really healthy to get a balanced mix.  The other thing I would say is with respect to the businesses overall, the one thing I didn’t call out in case you missed it is I didn’t say the growth rate in personal loans will decelerate. So a greater portion of the growth going forward will be picked up by card and student loans.
Mark Graf: I would say that you know the bulk of our growth is going to come from the hard business just because of size and I think that I would expect that in the last year as I mentioned we think we grew faster than the other large student loans business as competitors and moved into second place. I would expect that we would try to continue to grow somewhat faster than the industry in private student loans for this coming year, you know not triple the rate kind of thing, but faster as we did this year and card the same way.  As we mentioned personal loans, we think we’re probably still going to grow, but it will just be at a much lower rate than we have in the last two years where we had much higher growth in that business than any of our other businesses.
Mark Graf: Student loans could be as well. I mean if you take out the acquired loans, it was above that level as well. Our organic portfolio grew 11% this past year.
Mark Graf: So without being too specific because I don’t want to guide on that topic, what I would say is we’ve established a track record of increasing the dividends and I think you know we’ve also said publicly our goal is to be an S&P dividend achiever and I think that takes 10 years of consistent movement of the dividend. So I think a reasonable person should be assuming we’re thinking about adjusting that dividend as we look forward.  One of the really perverse things Betsy that no gift comes without a dark side I guess. If you think about tax reform, it actually has an unintended consequence in its interaction with CCAR. Specifically it’s going to increase losses expressed in areas because you’re going to have a larger after tax loss due to the lower tax rate and you’re going to have a larger just allowed DCA as NOLs can only be carried forward now the tax law limited carry backs. So I think it’s likely that the stress capital consumption for the industry goes up, unless the fed changes their instructions, particularly around the fed severely adverse which some people refer to as the brain dead scenario you known the 2018 instructions if they don’t revise those I think there could be some impact.  You know we’re encouraged by commentary coming out of the fed publicly that they are looking at this, so we’re hopeful that there won’t be a real negative impact coming from that, but you know it remains to be seen exactly what that will be.  The good news is repurchases for the first two quarters this year are governed by the existing CCAR filing that we did last year and don’t see any reason we would need to make any change there. So again, none of this would mean we wouldn’t be in a position to move the dividend, none of this would mean we wouldn’t be in a position to return capital. It’s just a perverse interaction that I thought you all needed to be aware of.
Mark Graf: Yes so, just to remind everybody, just so everybody keeps in mind that we don’t manage to reserve rate, it’s a mathematical outcome of how we establish reserves, right. So we are basically reserving for the lost content we see embedded on the balance sheet in the 12 month forward period and then the reserve rate kind of falls out.  I think that said, you are on the right track. One of the big impact was what we saw happen with the rate of delinquency formation, the increase in the rate of delinquency formation and the trend variant. We also – the loss forecasting models look at 100 and some odd variables. I don’t remember the specific number here. But there were a couple of others in addition to delinquencies that caused us to set the reserve where we set the reserve. But again as I said earlier, we feel very good about the level of the reserves. I think it adequately reflects the loss content imbedded in the portfolio today and we are encouraged by the trends in the rate of delinquency formation. 
Mark Graf: So I would day the breakdown in the growth in the portfolio, its right now roughly 50/50 new accounts in the legacy portfolio which feels really healthy to us, so we are very pleased with that. In terms of any expansion to the credit marks, in relation to the tax reform, I think our perspective is you live with bad credit decisions for an awful long time. It’s a lot easier if you return hurdles moves to say maybe I’ll spend a couple shackles more for every account I bring in, or something like that, then it is to convince yourself that you can start opening up the credit box dramatically.  So I would think incremental investing we would make, would be really more towards the advertising and acquisition cost side of the equation. 
Mark Graf: Yeah I would say I think you goal is to remain very disciplined in what I would call the core service delivery areas and I’m thinking that really more the support functions within the company. And so that the incremental lift you are seeing is really outwardly focused on those folks who actually support the revenue growth in the call centers and the like with the minimum wage increase, as well as that increased marketing and advertising expense we talked about earlier.  So really the comp piece to our employees is something that let’s just say wouldn’t have a real big toggle level associated it. It may increase marketing spent and what we are willing to put towards brand advertising and acquisition costs. If you saw the environment turn on to you, those are the things you could pull back on pretty quickly. 
Mark Graf: No, I would expect that is actually dollars of spend we expect to see over the course of the year this year. 
Mark Graf: There might be a small portion of it, that is capitalized depending on some the choices we make, some decisions we make. But I would think for modeling purposes I just assume it’s not and flow it through. And I’d remind you again in the thought process because you brought up the notion of a run rate, a lot of these things are increased brand advertising, increased marketing spend, they aren’t necessarily things that go into a run rate per say. They are things you look at and think about every year. So I wouldn’t think about this is as a reset of the overall cost bases, other than maybe some that employee spend. 
Mark Graf: I would say a second component is just the year-over-year period is a tougher comparison given our strong growth last year. And so I would say it’s mostly those two things together. 
Mark Graf: Well, I think to take payments first, I think we see great opportunity in partnerships and I would say whether it’s with suppliers, with other networks around the world, with some FinTech players, I would say we’ve see a lot of opportunity to partner or have vendor relationships. Maybe some small investments over time and some of them could make sense, but probably less likely that we would know you – that it would make economic sense for us to start buying a bunch of stuff in that space.  On the banking side, you know we will continue to, we’ve not been restricted from buying portfolios and even under the consent order and obviously we bought some student loan portfolios over time. We would continue to be opportunistic as consent orders come off. We would open up presumably more optionality. But I would just say that there is not a lot of direct banking stuff that’s attractive out there and you know I think that the few direct banking things out there probably don’t make money, which is usually a negative for us and most of what’s out are traditional banks that are also in the direct banking space.  So I would say that we are, we’ll keep looking at things, but we are primarily focused on organic growth and we’ll be opportunistic on anything else, but it has fit financially and strategically. 
Mark Graf: Yeah, so originations and I would say Sallie Mae is number one and we have now moved into the number two spot of originations and even versus Sallie our originations grew faster by a good margin than the originations did in the last year. So we are pleased with how that business is performing. 
David Nelms: So I might just tag on to that David, by noting that we do expect we will continue to grow the personal loan portfolio, albeit at a slower rate I think is what we were telegraphing in our commentary.  We’ve said pretty consistently over a number of years that this is a product we are attempting global domination and it can be challenging and you have to be disciplined and I think at the end of the day the actions we’ve taken reflect that discipline. They were insolated in a few segments, right. It wasn’t the personal loan book more broadly. It really is a few segments where we are seeing this disconnect and I think it highlights we are managing it prudently. 
David Nelms: Well I think that having some faster growth in the industry would make sense, because at least the way we look at it, all of our marginal returns have just increased as we dropped that lower tax rate into our models and that means that you know that market in – those accounts that we just missed marketing to now are profitable, meet our hurdle rates to market too and I would think that other issuers would find the same and so I would expect that there’d be some, you know some further growth above whatever it would have been, certainly that’s the case for us. In terms of whether things would be competed away, I think that it’s likely that some will be competed away. I personally think it would not be reasonable for it all to be competed away or for anything to happen very quickly. I mean this was a big change. It’s not what I view as a temporary change. I mean if you look at our returns we’ve been averaging 20% plus return on equity for a bunch of years and I think you know that’s the top of the industry, but even the industry tends to have a better return than other parts of financial services and so if you just you know, if you were a theorist and said well, all excess profits get competed away, that would not be sustainable and it has been, because we’re differentiated, we’re a brand, there’s a lot of reasons.  So I think we’re just going to stay disciplined post card. You know there’s one more discipline post card act. Some of these competitors need to drive higher returns to cover other parts of their business that aren’t doing so well. So I think you know we feel like at least in the near term it’s going to be – it’s just a big opportunity for us.
David Nelms: And the one thing I would just add is that while you have a right to point out that provision has been a headwind over the last 12 months, the very strong revenue growth and our positive operating leverage has meant that the results we just reported in the fourth quarter on an adjusted basis have an 11% growth in EPS even during this normalization. So I think that’s strong.
David Nelms: And Moshe, I’d just stack onto that Moshe. At the end of the day if we’re wrong and if competition does reemerge and start doing things that we don’t think makes sense I would harken back to my comments a minute ago, we’d go ahead and revise the guidance, miss the guidance and we’re going to book quality loans that make sense for our shareholders.
David Nelms: It’s also in the growth lines where you know we’re obviously expecting some more loan and revenue growth than we otherwise would have had, even though it’s a little bit lower than the you know the very strong growth that we recently had that was far in excess of our original targets in ’17.
David Nelms: You know we’re very pleased to have been recognized as the top app and top by customers and independent groups JD Power who looks at the digital capabilities of us versus competitors and we need to keep investing and enhancements making simpler ad functionality to consumers. You know just as an example I think Apple yesterday announced a new business messaging and we were one of only two financial institutions in that initial launch and so you know for having additional digital ways for our customers to communicate with us and manage their account and manage their security with the alerts that we put in this past year as an example. We’re going to be heavily investing in all those. The other thing I would think about is that Mark mentioned some investments in areas like machine learning and artificial intelligence and so on and we’re using those increasingly in our call centers to help with compliance, efficiency, effectiveness to aid our customers and so even the sort of traditional phone service is being impacted by digital, recognizing what people are saying and then queuing up a suggested script information and so on. So it’s a fantastic trend for us and it was a big part this year of that positive operating leverage with revenues growing faster than expenses.
David Nelms: And I would just add, I think you are were kind of implying why aren’t expenses up more if you got reinvestments in there as well and I would say that could conclude that are base plan involves some fairly aggressive expense manage net loss still grow in the revenues and so and one of the reasons things like the reinvestment with the employees to a higher minimum starting pay isn’t bigger, is because we expect some real benefits from that as well.  Turnover is very expensive. We spent a lot of money on training and so on. The quality of the calls matters a lot to us and so we actually expect some paybacks in terms of attracting and repaying talent that can help support these revenues and that’s why to some degree tax reform, passing on to employees is partly, because we need more, we need people to really help grow those revenues to achieve the higher returns over time from the additional investments we are making. So we think it’s just– we do think of it as an investment not just kind of slicing out a piece of the pie. 
