Eric Wasserstrom: Thank you, Chelsea, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to this morning's call. I'll begin on slide two of our earnings presentation, which you can find in the financial section of our Investor Relations website, investorrelations.discover.com. Our discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our notices regarding forward-looking statements that appear in our first quarter earnings press release and presentation. Our call today will include remarks from our CEO, Roger Hochschild; and John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer. After we conclude our formal comments, there will be time for a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A session, you’ll be permitted to ask one question followed by one follow-up question. After your follow-up questions, please return to the queue. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Roger.
Eric Wasserstrom: Jeff, I think we missed the last a little bit of your question, but I think it was essentially about the use of AI. So.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. Well, if there are any additional questions, please reach out to us here at the IR team. And thanks very much. Have a great day.
Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Eric, and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I'll begin by commenting on some of the recent events in the banking industry, review our highlights for the quarter, and then John will take you through the details of our first quarter results and our updated perspectives on 2023. This past quarter include the failure of two large banks, an event that catalyzed more widespread stress in some segments of the banking system and raised questions about the funding models and embedded portfolio losses of multiple banks. In contrast, our strong results underscore how our model, with its diversified funding, trusted brand, focus on prime consumer lending and conservative risk management positions us to succeed through a range of operating conditions. I want to call out a few results in particular that highlight our performance in this challenging environment. We reported first quarter net income of $1 billion or $3.58 per share. We had an all-time record quarter in terms of consumer deposit inflows, leveraging our award-winning digital experience and our leading customer service, and we're improving key elements of our guidance. As we look to the remainder of 2023, we may adjust our outlook as conditions evolve. We believe there is the potential for more stringent regulation. We believe we're well positioned for more rigorous regulatory capital and liquidity requirements given our strong internal standards, and we also continue to focus on enhancing our compliance management systems. This past quarter also included an important milestone with respect to our investment in human capital. We're honored to have been recognized as one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work for in 2023. This is the first time we've earned this distinction and it builds upon recognition we received last year, ranking us among the best workplaces for parents and Fortune's best workplaces for women. In conclusion, we believe our earnings power, balance sheet strength, investments in people and advancements and capabilities support our strategy of becoming the leading consumer digital bank. I'll now turn the call over to John to review our results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So I'll start the credit -- the competitive environment remains robust, right? Most of our key competitors in the card business are the larger money center banks, well capitalized, a lot of deposits. So card's tends to always be competitive. I think what you're seeing are the results of some of the changes we've made in credit policy. We've talked about tightening at the margin. And then also some very tough comps over the growth we saw last year. So we feel really good about the new accounts we're booking, but also believe our credit policy is appropriate for the current environment.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So I would say that, the slowdown is pretty broad-based. And is really a continuation of the trend. If you look at the quarter itself, overall sales growth was a little over 9%. But March, it had dropped to 4%. So broad-based across all categories, I think some of it is just a reduction in the pressures from inflation. But also you've got some tough comps in terms of last April, sales were up 22% year-over-year. For us, the most important thing for the consumers, the strength of the job market, and that remains pretty robust. So while we are tightening credit and continuing along that, overall, the consumer is still holding up pretty well.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. No, that -- it's a product we're really excited about. Offering 1% cash back on debit transactions is virtually unique. It's something that no big bank can match. We take advantage of having a proprietary payments network. And one of the outcomes from the pandemic is consumers even for their primary checking or debit account are a lot more comfortable dealing with the direct bank. So this is going to be a critical initiative, not just for this year, but for many years to come. And part of our transition to being way more than credit cards, first loans, student loans, home equity, but being the true leading digital bank.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. It varies for new accounts versus what we look for in our portfolio. For the portfolio side, yeah, it's hard to pick an individual factor given the complexity of the models we use. But certainly, overall levels of indebtedness, their behavior in terms of payments, the amount of payment, we even look at when a payment comes in during the month. So given that we're still focused on growth, I would say, in general, the consumers are doing well, but we have continued to tighten. And it's something we look at every account, every day across all of our different products.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So you may find it hard to believe, but there are very few numbers I look at on a daily basis. I'm lucky to have an amazing team. And so I can look at it a little less frequently. But you can't point to a single number. We have a composite behavioral score that I see on a lot of our internal risk reporting. But again, there are literally countless variables in some of our most complex machine learning models that are evaluating portfolio credit.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Great question. So, AML BSA, KYC is one element of compliance. There are many others that we focus on. First thing I'd say is our task might be a little easier just given that we don't handle much cash, not having branches. We don't have huge private net worth operations, much outside the US. But it is a key area of focus, there's a pretty big overlap between what we're required to do from a KYC standpoint and actually what we do ourselves to tackle fraud. A huge amount of the new fraud attacks do come via identity theft. And while there are sort of nuanced differences by product, very, very similar in terms of what we do when someone is opening a new credit card account versus opening a checking or a debit account.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean it's a tricky question to answer, because it varies by channel. Obviously, we did quite a lot of pre-approved marketing. So we kind of set the criteria who applies and even within our non-pre-approved channels, we tend to be targeted. So I haven't seen, I would guess, a huge difference in terms of applicant profile, but our new account profile has tended to improve as we've tightened credit.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I think in general, John mentioned, all of the vintages are performing as expected. And so total losses are still normalizing in line with what we forecast. So I would say continued strong performance across the board. And we haven't seen huge differences in behavior by vintage.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Sanjay. Yes, I'll start with the reserve portion of the question and then swing over to the charge-off aspect. So as we mentioned, we ran a number of different scenarios. So we looked at unemployment ranges from 3.5% to north of 6%. We centered around a range between 4.5% and 5% for 2023 and then a slight improvement in 2024. And that was essentially the driver of the increase in the reserve rate outside of the 10 basis points I talked about in my prepared remarks related to kind of transactors running off as they typically do in the first quarter. So hopefully, that clarifies your question or clarify any questions you have on reserves. Related to charge-offs, so there's a couple of factors there. The first and what I would say is the most important is that the portfolio is performing almost exactly as we expected it to in terms of charge-off, roll rates and delinquencies. So we're generally pleased with that. As each month and quarter goes by, we have better line of sight to what we expect the total year to be. Our internal kind of roll rate models basically can take a very, very good look at six months forward, and then we move to more advanced models for anything beyond that. So as the first quarter passed through great line of sight through September. And then beyond September, we've relied on our analytical models. So that's essentially the reason why we're able to tighten the charge-off guidance from the upper end. And each quarter, we'll give an update on that certainly.
John Greene: Yeah. So as I said in the prepared remarks, we we've maintained a less than 10% guidance, although we're seeing a little bit of pressure on those lines I mentioned. So in terms of marketing, what we said in January was that we expected marketing to be up double digits. We still expect that to be the case despite the reduction in the rate of growth of new accounts, we are still seeing good opportunities to generate positive account growth with an appropriate risk tolerance. The other portion of that marketing spend will be to roll out the -- the cash back debit program, which we anticipate to be rolled out late in the second quarter, maybe early in the third quarter. So we're going to put some substantial dollars behind that to generate some activity, both new account generation as well as awareness of the product and the product features that we think will help build -- continue to build our strong deposit franchise.
John Greene: Yes, thanks for the question, Jeff. So as we look at loan growth for 2023, we feel very, very positive, and that's why we moved the loan growth range up a bit. So in terms of the overall lending environment and what would trigger additional cuts, it would be meaningful changes to the unemployment outlook, meaningful changes in the number of job openings and then further signs of stress within the consumers. So that would -- within the portfolio itself, it would be payment rates, timing of payments. We take a look at flow rates from one bucket to another. So those would all be certainly signs as well as kind of the broader indications of delinquency and the rate of charge-off on a vintage basis. But as we look at things right now, employment, I believe, will continue to be strong, right? So we have strong growth in the health care sector, manufacturing sector, defense, oil and gas, and onshoring of supply chain continues. So my sense is that we're not going to have any seismic changes to unemployment despite the fed tightening action. So that means that we'll look at -- continue to look at things around the margins and make good calls to ensure that the accounts we're putting on are profitable. And the accounts that are in the portfolio that we have early warning triggers, so that our customer service and collection folks can reach out to ensure that collections and cash flows remain strong.
John Greene: Yes. So why don't I -- I'll take that briefly. And Jeff or Betsy, we can follow up separately in the afternoon, if you like. So in terms of investing in technology. So there's three -- there's, I'll call it, three or four different strengths. The first is to ensure we have leading-edge capabilities, which would include machine learning, AI. Second is ensure that our core systems are robust and resilient. And third, around the network, making sure that our network continues to have leading edge or at a minimum market global capabilities. So, those are the tiers and we continue to invest in those aspects as well as technology to support our overall compliance management system as we talked about in the prepared remarks. So, overall, it's an area of investment. We're a digital institution. We need to continue to invest in technology to ensure that we keep capabilities, advancing.
John Greene: Yes, thanks Dominick. So, yes, we have a process that we take great pains to make sure there's no disconnects between our outlook on kind of charge-offs over, call it, a three-quarter or four-quarter period and the CECL reserves, which is life of loan losses, which would include charge-offs through the life of the relationship. And the modeling systems that we use are essentially the same. Same tools, same people kind of managing those and a bunch of work to ensure that the organization. So each of the functions, credit and risk management systems and finance and accounting are on the same page in terms of what we're trying to accomplish here. So there's no chance to disconnect here at Discover. I will say that the difference in terms of the tightening of our charge-off outlook in terms of updated guidance and what happened in the reserve has a couple of factors that are at play there. The first is, we're talking about a three-quarter period of forecasting on the charge-offs. And we gave a fairly wide range, which we intend to tighten as each quarter passes. On the reserves, we take a number of different factors, including the macro environment portfolio. And then there's certainly a level of management judgment that we use to ensure that we have an appropriate reserve under financial accounting standards. So that's essentially a quick sketch of the process that we use.
