Mark Graf: Yes. So, Sanjay, we finished the year with a revenue margin of about 12.9%. We don't give specific EPS oriented guidance, so I'm going to be a little bit probably less specific than you would like me to be, but I can help you at least qualitatively dimension this a little bit. The biggest component of it's going to be a little bit of NIM compression. Again, I think we've consistently been describing that as modest NIM compression and we purposely chose to include the phrase modest in the release again this year. So I wouldn't think about this as a 50 basis point decline in NIM or something on the order of that. We certainly stay well above the long-term targets we've talked about. Second component that's going into that dimensionalization is obviously going to be your payments revenue. I think we talked during the course of the discussion, about the fact that there is going to be some expense related to the PULSE litigation against VISA that will be creeping in and also while we're growing volumes in the space, a lot of the volume we're growing is B2B volume in our Ariba partnership and it's coming on at a lower margin. The higher rewards rate, I think we've said about 105 basis points for next year is the right way to think about it and then just to continued attrition of the protection products revenue. So I would say there is nothing I would describe as cataclysmic in terms of those components.
Mark Graf: I think there is a couple things embedded in the assumptions there, Mark and it's a great question. Number one, I would say is I think we really hit the bottom for this cycle, I would say with respect to credit this last year. So if you look at our reserve to our total loans trending over the course of the last couple years I think you see if you're looking at ending total loans, I think it was 3.8%, 3.9% at the end of 2011. It declined to 2.51% at the end of '13 and we're looking at 2.5% again roughly at the end of last year. So it feels like we've found the bottom there, right. So that's the starting point. And then on top of that, you look at three years of consistent loan growth that we've put up, whereas most of our peers have returned to loan growth really only like the last six months. And if you think the way a loan seasons, a card loan seasons, it tends to have peak charge-offs between months 18 and 30. So you really have -- that vintage from three years ago is still under the high part of that curve, the vintage from two years is right under the peak part of that curve. The vintage from last year is climbing that slope and you don't have the benefit of the backdrop of the improving credit environment to help mitigate and offset some of the impacts of that growth. So I think it's just an inevitability of the fact we've been growing. It doesn't feel like there is a problem. It doesn't feel like there is a fundamental turn in credit. It's just a function of growth.
Mark Graf: Yes. So there are three one-time items in total, Jamie. The first is the $178 million rewards charge for elimination of the forfeiture reserve. That’s actually a contra-revenue that was covered on another slide and then there is two that are specific on the expense side of the equation and that's going to be about $0.04, $21 million roughly for the diners, fair market valuation and the move to held for sale or the classification of held for sale and then about $27 million or so roughly another $0.04 related to the home loans business.
Mark Graf: Yes, I think there's definitely, Ryan some one-time impacts associated with next year. I think back in December actually at your conference we made mention of the fact that AML/BSA cost we saw was in the $70 million - $75 million range of something like that so that's clearly a piece of this puzzle. We would not expect that to be a recurring expense. The other big components of the increase really our marketing expense, David alluded to the launch of a new product and we've also spoken pretty openly about the fact we're getting great new accounts in terms both of numbers as well as the level of activity we're seeing out of those customers. So it doesn't feel like the time when credit is stable we're getting the right kind of results from marketing cost per account acquired are in-line, it doesn't feel the right time to pull back on that either and those are the two big drivers. The other pieces are really some technology spend, big chunk of which is amortization of money that's already been spent. And then there is the litigation that we talked about earlier the PULSE is filed as well. So those are -- they are some of the components there that are clearly have levers that can be dialed back when the time feels right. It just feels when the fundamental business is running well it's not the time to dial some of them back.
Mark Graf: Yes. So the assumptions we use as we build off the forward curve which you guys can just always work off the same things, you're going to be looking at the same info we are that way. We have essentially focused our positioning on the multi-year impact of rising rates. Because if you think about it in the one-year timeframe, a card loan and a 10-year student loan react the same way when in reality that's not what will happen. So we're asset sensitive in a one year profile. We're essentially neutralized to the impact of rates through the cycle on the long tier basis as well based on the actions we've done and our actions going forward would be trying to protect that positioning in that multi-year look. It's really kind of where we're spending our attention on how we are focused. The toughest scenario for us is a steep in [inaudible] and we are flat essentially in that today, I think we might lose $9 million or $10 million it's not a lot and we're essentially flat. And a flattener which people are starting to talk about actually would be a slight benefit to us if it occurred on the front end of the curve.
Mark Graf: Well, generally I think lower gas prices is great for consumers. So I wouldn't express that as being disappointed. It certainly does have some negative impact on our sales growth and so our sales growth would have been -- with stable gas prices approximately 1% faster year-over-year. I've seen various theories out there as to whether customers you know what do they do with that extra money? Does it help them make their payments and therefore does it help credit? Do they spend it on other things? Do they save it? So far maybe because it's been such a short term and such a significant drop, we haven't noticeably seen it being spent in other places. And so that's why we've kind of called it out as some drag on sales, but good for consumers.
Mark Graf: I think that's a reasonable way to think about it. And historically it has been about 10% of our sales, right now it's something less than 10% of our sales.
Mark Graf: I think we've commented in the past that most of our growth is pretty balanced between growth in wallet share from existing customers and better retention of customers. As well as being balanced out with a similar amount from new accounts. And we're continuing to see that as similar relationship.
Mark Graf: Well, I think that it does appear that the industry has finally turned the corner and is no longer shrinking. I think some of our competitors lost a lot of loans over the last several years and I guess I would just say that I'm not suggesting that our growth rate will necessarily pick up from here, but I think it's probably easier for us to sustain a higher level of loan growth in a growing industry versus a shrinking industry.
Mark Graf: Sure. I'll tackle that one, Moshe. I think the real key driver is -- I will take you back to the way we establish our reserves and that is we sit down at the end of every quarter and we look at the loss content we see embedded in the balance sheet over the forward-looking 12 months period of time. And it's really a function of in response to the earlier question as I talked about those three years of vintage [ph] seasoning how they're coming along. It's really a function of how much of those three vintages is under the peak part of that seasoning curve as we sit here and look right now. And it just happens to capture a large a large portion of each of those three vintages. So you're correct. In your assessment of what our guidance is essentially.
Mark Graf: It's Mark. I'll tackle that one. If you think about it when you put the goodwill on the books its valued based on the assumptions you have at that point in time and part of those assumptions were that we would have more success bluntly penetrating the purchase money marketplace and wouldn't be as refi dependent as the model is today. So I agree with you if you think about with the drop in loan rates, the refi pipeline probably looks a little bit stronger today than it did a few months back. No question about it, but the purchase money volume that we were counting on when we acquired the business just hasn't materialized yet. So that's really what's driving the impairment. In terms of a go forward look, I would anchor back to David's earlier comments my earlier comments. I think we'll evaluate our strategy around that business and try and figure out what the right thing to do is.
Mark Graf: So how about if I parse it up a little bit more for you? I'm not going to dimensionalize it in terms of the size. Again I would say stick with modest which again I think if we were seeing anything giant, we would not choose the word modest but if you look at the components of the NIM compression about half of it is due to higher funding costs. About a quarter of it is due to lower asset yields and about a quarter of it is due to a combination of loan mix and interest charge-offs which run through margin for us. So that would be the component parts that are driving that NIM compression which again I would really underscore, it's modest NIM compression.
Mark Graf: Well, Betsy, I think we are likely to have a little more color by the time we have our Investor Day later this year. If you look at the $1.5 billion of volume just in the fourth quarter, not that long after launching, you can see that it's probably the most volume we've put on from anything this early in a program. So it has the potential to put up a lot of volume if it continues to grow and be successful as the early days suggest, but by definition, it's very low margin business and so if that becomes more material to the payment segment, it will have the impact of depressing the overall margin, but we do believe it will be additive to profits, just not at a very high rate and so overall we think it's a very good thing. It's also a little bit hard for us to predict because the product just hasn't existed in the marketplace because it's unique. Competitors haven't offered it. We are exactly the way we have, we have got a great partner. And it's off to a good start in the early days, but it is still very early days in a very new business.
Mark Graf: Yes, I would say it's going to be a function of a couple different things, Owen. It's going to be a function of asset growth. It's going to be a function of NIM compression. It's going to be a function of asset mix, right. All those different pieces of the puzzle, so in terms of trajectory, I think net interest income will be up, okay, but in terms of the magnitude of that, that's not something I'm prepared to really talk about at this point in time. We don't really give guidance that specific on items like that. On the expense side of the question, I would say specifically that the key drivers of expenses touched on a couple of them earlier. One of them is about $70 million or $75 million for BSA/AML consent order compliance program compliance. In addition to that I would say there is another not insignificant number related to increased marketing expense, that's really driven by two different things. Number one we continue to see great new account acquisition and we continue to see it come on more actively engaged using the card more frequently and more often than we've seen historically, so the returns on that marketing spend continue to be very good. So we are continuing to invest there and then David also alluded to the launch of a new product here in the not-too-distant future and obviously there is some marketing expense that goes along with that as well.
David Nelms: And Sanjay in terms of the competitive environment, I think it's been fairly stable on the yield side. As Mark mentioned, most of the pressure will come more on the cost of funds side and from a competitive perspective, I feel like things are fairly stable overall, but if anything I think there is probably more action in the rewards earn rate from some competitors as opposed to probably on the APR side.
David Nelms: Sure. Well I think we'll probably have more to say about long-term targets at our Investor Day. But generally, I continue to be very pleased with how strong our loan growth has been, both in this quarter as well as the last few quarters. High end of the industry above our range and coming in with very high quality to boot. In terms of personal loans, I think the dollars of loan growth have continued to be very strong and what I would expect generally is that the percentage growth rate will tend to start declining a bit, just because of the large numbers, that's becoming a large, sizable loan book, but continues to be the fastest growing part of our portfolio and one of the fastest growth loan books in the industry.
David Nelms: It is, but remember, this is B2B, so even one customer can be very, very sizable and so you look at the size of that market. In total, it's a larger market than consumer credit cards and it's a new market for us, but it's also -- to some degree we're substituting for checks and other lower cost methods of payment than traditional credit cards. So it's a business that we think can produce, over time very significant volumes, but at much lower than the typical network fees that we might expect on the consumer side.
David Nelms: I think as you say because we aren't in the community student loan market, I really wouldn't expect that to have a significant impact on our business sort to go through.
David Nelms: Yes, I would say it's really more as opposed to seasonality seasoning. Much like in the card business there has been a lot of growth over the course of the last couple years there and you're starting to see the impact of that growth just naturally show up. So don't feel like there is any fundamental credit issue there to call out at all. In terms of the performance of the business, continues to feel very good to us. It's a great asset. The other thing I would call out around it is because I'm presuming your next question is the modest amount of yield compression we've had around that asset and the bottom line is it's not competitively driven. We are seeing our customers elect shorter durations. So if you go back a couple years ago the average duration was four years. Today the average duration is three years and they're fixed rate loans so it's just pricing down further down the curve.
David Nelms: I don't want to preempt the launch. I would just say we'll have the details out very soon. The one thing I would say is that we do think our Discover It platform is something that can be leveraged into other products that have some of the advantages that Discover It offers including free FICOs and pricing features, lots of features that others don't have, but maybe something a little different than our traditional cash back bonus program. So stay tuned, we'll give you the details real soon.
David Nelms: Well, I would say that it still will tend to modestly grow from here. Fourth quarter tends to be a heavier quarter. So I'm not saying grow from the 110, but I'm suggesting that on a year-over-year basis in addition to the change in redemption, the changes in redemption and breakage we also have more and more of our book is made up of Discover It that has a flat 1% and less and less of it therefore but fortunately is the up to 1% of our traditional more product. So that will tend to naturally drive it up. I think that as we think about the competitive intensity in rewards, it is one of the reasons we made the change on redemption because customers told us that in some ways, not losing their rewards was even more important than the headline rate. And it was a way for us to meet the competition, have advantages in ways that were greater value to consumers at lower cost to us and therefore is beneficial for us long-term.
David Nelms: You opened up some complicated topics and of course I really can't talk about the litigation part. Let me limit my answer to Discover Debit. We were real pleased with the endorsement by the ABA. We've been pleased with the discussions that we're having with issuers and I think it's early days to sort of accelerate our offering of a signature debit product. We are the only ones in the world who have it besides Visa and MasterCard. And I certainly think we look forward to providing better economics and flexibility than the only two options that have been out there up until this point.
David Nelms: You know if we have significant deals, we would announce them. Certainly there is competitive challenge and I don't think the Supreme Court decision was really one way or another addressing the competitive challenge that is key to the pressure that's on all the pin debit networks in particular us, that I'm concerned about. But we've announced before that we have a dozen or so very small signature debit issuers and we're now starting to get to try to really go after some larger players to grow that volume.
David Nelms: Yes, I think as you look out it's going to depend on a number of different things. I know you prefaced it being a stable environment but I want to be careful with that one because it is a dynamic process part of which will depend upon what our growth rates look like, right? I mean if our growth rates tick up that would imply a couple years down the road so would the provisioning. If they slowdown that would imply in a stable credit environment that it would slowdown. So it's a multivariate equation so it's not as simple as just saying yes, that feels good. I think the key factors to keep in mind are it's driven by our growth, the fundamental credit backdrop remains really solid at this point in time. If that were to change that could change it. If our growth rate changes that could change it and then the declining recoveries on the aged charge-offs, I'll just remind you it's not a decline in the recovery rate, we're realizing on new charge-offs. It is we have a big pool of aged charge-offs we never sold back from the recession against which there is a declining ability to realize recoveries. That's maybe 10% of the ultimate impact of the increase give or take. So it's a declining percentage there.
David Nelms: As you can imagine, B2B customers are quite sophisticated and so there is one of the benefits is it settles I won't say real time but very quickly. So there is not a lot of flow, there is not a lot of revenue, but it's a way to leverage our network in a way that we've not traditionally been able to leverage the network in a unique way to provide value to new sets of customers and that we think over time there may be additional products and services that can be bundled with it, but right now, we are focused on getting those early customers to be successful and to be feeling good about the product so that this thing can gain momentum. Our partner is the leader globally in this B2B space and so they are very excited about another way to help their customers have more efficient faster payments in a way that's not been available from any provider historically and so we are focused on growing the volume right now and having it flow successfully.
David Nelms: Yes, very fair question. I would say two things. Number one, what happens in the first quarter is dependent on what happens in the first quarter. I don't know what that is yet so the reserve will be set at the end of the quarter for what happens during the course of the quarter. But I think it's a very fair statement to say that the shift in the calendar year-end and the way that works did have an impact and influence on that one. I would say it's very modest, though, right? So again I would say what you're really seeing this year speaking to this year specifically is those three years of growth and how much of them happen to be sitting under the peak part, the area under the peak of that seasoning curve at any one point in time.
David Nelms: But I think if you're asking just about that $27 million, it's up 3% year-over-year which isn't that significant. The fourth quarter tends to be our biggest quarter on marketing expenses as we move into holiday periods and we saw that again this year.
