Roger Hochschild: Sure, Moshe. Thanks for the question. I would say the competitive environment remains intense with the consumers staying strong. We are seeing strong levels of marketing from most of our prime competitors, but I think our differentiated value proposition is succeeding well in the marketplace across all of our products. From a credit standpoint, I would say we're roughly back to where we were pre-pandemic. But keep in mind, that's sort of a late cycle approach that we had towards the end of 2019. So we think we remain conservative on credit, but the differentiation for the brand and the product are really working well to drive growth even in this competitive environment.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. We are moving forward with our plans for peak season. Again, what has been a wild card over the last couple of years has been sort of overall number of kids going back to school and their demands for funding. So, I think that the market size is always a bit uncertain. But we feel good about how prepared we are as we move into the peak origination months.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Thanks for the question. So, there are a whole series of things we carefully monitor in terms of the health of our customers and portfolio, and that goes into our appetite for growth. I would say part of the things we watch most carefully externally are the job market and rising unemployment. And so, we have a finely tuned playbook in terms of how we'll adjust originations? But we continue to originate throughout the cycle. And so even during the financial crisis that you referred to, we kept up a certain level of account production even as we became more conserve in credit. In our underwriting always uses a through-the-cycle approach as we think about the profitability of accounts, we're booking. So those are some of the things we'd look at.
Roger Hochschild: Thanks for the question, Sanjay. I think I tried to address that when I said our expense guidance that John reaffirmed includes our views on this matter. So, there are many factors that go into a share repurchase program. It's not just potential financial exposure. So -- and I would say, returning our shareholders' capital in the form of the repurchase has been a big focus for management and the Board and will continue to do. And that's why John said we hope to get back to the repurchase program as soon as we are able.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. No, I am to your point, limited what I can say. We can't really give you anything to expect in timing other than, you know our views on capital. And so as soon as we can, we hope to restart the buyback.
Roger Hochschild: Good question. I think while valuations have pulled back, I'm not sure there are any bargains yet. But for us, we've tended not to focus on partnerships and potential investments as opposed to acquisitions. And a lot of capabilities, given our great technology team, we feel like we can build ourselves. So, we have a good business development effort that what was out there, but I wouldn't necessarily expect something.
Roger Hochschild: I guess the only thing I can say is both the consent order and the investigation are in the area of student loan servicing. But beyond that, there really isn't anything else I can add at this time.
Roger Hochschild: I wouldn't necessarily link those too. I mean, I think what we can say is that, we do not see anything that would change our view that nonmarketing expenses this year would grow in the low single digits. And we did indicate that we would hope to have it concluded, but it's done by an independent committee that reports to the Board.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. The termination of the buyback has nothing to do with our capital levels. It does not necessarily require the investigation to be fully complete for us to resume there are many complex factors that go into it.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. No, those aren't linked. And actually, I would view it as sort of a one-time move, and we feel very good about the credit in our student loan portfolio.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. There are different competitors who will do different offers. We tend to try and be more consistent and sustainable. So, we like the double cash back for the first year has worked very well for us. So yes, someone will be $300, $500, you'll see different issuers doing very long-term balanced transfers. We just don't think that's really driving sustainable growth. And a lot of that promotional activity can drive sort of new accounts, but not necessarily long-term relationships. So, we like our long-term focus and approach, and it has served us well in a variety of competitive environments.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean it's a bit of a different answer for the portfolio, but for new accounts. But I would say for our new accounts, virtually all of it is want based, right. We're not accepting anyone who doesn't have significant availability on other credit cards outside of potentially our secured card where some of those people, we represent their first card. So, it really is about want and having a better value proposition than they're seeing with their other cards.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I would say we tend to look out roughly four to five years, but it is not as sensitive in terms of whether it's in 18 months or two years or 2.5 years. If you think about this is a long-term product and the cash flows associated with a credit card. And if you're not careful, you can find yourself whipping around your new account criteria every week based on sort of the latest change in economic forecasts. So while we can react quickly if it's far enough out, you're not going to see sort of continuous adjustment for that. And then for the portfolio, it's much more driven by account level dynamics, we're really looking at the risk of individual accounts.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Great question. So I did talk about one of our latest network-to-network deals. So we continue to invest and expand acceptance. And some of those deals to also generate volume and more cross-border volume for us. We remain in a wide range of discussions with different fintech players, truly around the world, but we tend not to comment on deals. I would point out too, though, we see a lot of value from the network, not just in the Payment Services segment, but for the differentiation and capabilities it gives our card issuing business, and in particular, the support it provides for rewards on debit, which is a real differentiator in the marketplace.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I think long term, it will be really exciting and a great benefit for the business and provide another entry point into the franchise versus most of our customers now coming from the credit card. We continue to be deliberate in terms of how we grow that. We want to make sure that we're really solid operationally that we have the right fraud prevention in place. But it's a business we're going to scale for the long term. And again, really excited about some of the early signs we're seeing in terms of cost per account and the usage from some of the customers we're putting on.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. That's something I can't comment on. I would say though, in terms of internal, just to reinforce it is independent from the Board. But I can't comment on our discussions with regulators.
John Greene: Yes. Hey Bill, I'll take that one. Good question. We spent plenty of time thinking about it. So, inflation unto itself is not correlated to loan losses based on all the historical data we've looked at. Now certainly, we've seen some changes in consumer behavior. So, we'll keep an eye on it. But typically, it would be unemployment or changes in employment levels overall.  I have a particular view that as we try or the Fed tries to deal with the inflation situation, certainly it's going to be quite a period of time before the job market is directly impacted in a significant way. So, unemployment remains super low, so 3.5%, there's still about 11.3 million job openings right now versus 6 million people looking for jobs. Spending remains robust. And credit is performing very, very well. So, as we look at those factors, we're going to keep an eye and see if there's any material changes on that. But in terms of reserving at this point, that that life of loan approach that we take, looking at broad macros as well as portfolio performance gave us confidence in the reserving levels we chose and the corresponding reduction in the reserve rate. So, we'll keep an eye on it and update it quarterly.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks Sanjay. So, the NIM guidance gave a range of benchmarking off the 10.85%, and we said five to 15 basis points range of upside from that. Based on the Fed actions to-date, we're tracking towards the upper end of that guidance range at this point. So, that's a positive. We are seeing deposit costs increase and that's a function of two things. The competitive environment and then also the fact that we had record loan growth in the quarter at 13%. So, the funding mix, as I said in my prepared remarks, that will likely change in the back half of the year. And we're going to continue to focus on that 70%, 80%. So, competitively, we're not going to lead certainly in terms of deposit pricing, but we're going to respond to ensure we remain very competitive and have a proposition -- a strong value proposition for our customers. So, how that translates into betas, it's hard to call right now. But I would say the first part of the year, we had a very, very low beta. I would expect that to normalize as the funding environment migrates.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Rick. So -- yes. It's hard to call it right now. But we do have some preliminary data that shows that the decrease in the use of cash and the touchless transactions you may do at Starbucks or other institutions where folks previously would use cash. A lot of that's gone away. So it's creating a higher level of transactions through our card. Good thing for us from an interchange perspective, but also that cash that folks used to expend, I believe there's some portion of it that is now going to pay down balances which is increasing the payment rate. Now -- how much is that? It's hard to call right now. We're about 500 basis points higher than the pre-pandemic level. If I were to ask to give a range, I would say maybe 100 to 200 basis points of that could be a permanent change. And then the rest has to do with the strength of the portfolio and the strength of the consumers.
John Greene: Sure. So as I mentioned in my previous comments, we looked at a number of different scenarios. But I can give you a couple of data points here. In terms of unemployment, it ranged from a low of about 3.3 at the end of 2022 to a peak of 5.8 and then as we look for 2023, 3.5 to just about 5.5. We're seeing a level of GDP growth slowing. We haven't baked in a full recession, but certainly, the GDP does reduce and is near 0 in one of the scenarios we ran. And the employment situation is still as robust, and we certainly considered that as well. So, as we look out into '23, we're going to evaluate what the macro conditions are and the impact on life of loan losses.  But for me, is the portfolio performance really, really strong, job market really, really strong, uncertainty on the broad macros and we conservatively model those. So overall, I feel like we're 100% consistent with how we've reserved in the past. We've taken that through the cycle, underwriting approach that has benefits through into the portfolio, and we've been conservative in our process to ensure that our reserves are fairly stated under GAAP.
John Greene: We'll look at that, Mark. Certainly, we have that broad authorization for the Board for over five quarters. It's $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion of repurchases. So, depending on the pause, we'll see what we can do because certainly, we're over regulatory minimums, were certainly over our internal target. And as we've said previously, we're committed to stepping the CET1 ratio down to 10.5%. So, we'll do what we can do.
John Greene: Yes. So John, the way I would think about it is we're continuing to kind of run and manage our business and try to be disciplined in the way we distribute expense dollars and spend expense dollars. Certainly, there's puts and takes in every single expense line. And we've continued to have our foot on the gas in terms of new account acquisition and media, which contributed to the marketing increases. The rest of it is we consider as part of the cost of our operation and we're trying to make it as efficient as we can.
John Greene: Yes. So what we're seeing is the lower FICO bands normalizing. So -- and you would expect those to normalize more quickly than the higher FICO bands and frankly, we consider that when we do our underwriting. What -- interestingly, what we've seen is early stage delinquencies across the board have corrected in later-stage buckets more quickly than we see it in the past. And some of that could be our -- some of the work we've done in terms of analytics an optimized time to contact and collection strategies and some of it could be just customer performance. So there's really no takeaways from the portfolio other than it continues to perform very, very well and gave us a degree of comfort as we reduce the overall reserve rate.
John Greene: Yes. The overall interchange has largely been a function of the robust sales volume. So, we're up – our sales were up 20% through the first half of the year, 18% through the – into the second quarter. So that's driving overall interchange. Now mix does come into play in terms of the interchange rate. And obviously, we don't spend a lot of time discussing that.  But overall, the solid business performance is driving interchange. And then maybe your follow-on might be, rewards. We did see a spike in rewards which to me, wasn't a bad thing whatsoever. What happened was gas was one of the 5% categories in the quarter, everybody knows about the inflation at the pump. So, we had a larger percentage of customers maxing out on that 5% category, which drove the rate up. But overall, the rate – the rate is – we expect 2 to 4 basis points of inflation there. So, interchange in the aggregate, super strong interchange rate very, very solid rewards coming in at expectations.
John Greene: Yes. So it is holding. So through Monday, it was up 17%. So again, incredibly robust. Those figures actually have surprised me a little bit to the upside, which is nice. We're seeing travel increase. Obviously, we're seeing petroleum increase. And the everyday categories have increased. The one thing that we did see through the first half is home improvement spend actually decrease versus everyday spend. So it's still positive year-over-year, but not increasing at the same rate as everyday spend in other retail.
John Greene: Yes. We're seeing a little bit of it. We believe that in terms of gas that there's -- certainly, it's significantly up year-over-year, but call it the volume of transactions indicate a certain level of substitution or decrease in consumption levels. And then across the other categories, nothing discernible at this point, but we do expect in the second half of this year with the high rate of inflation that consumers are going to make some choices and substitutions or decrease in consumptions will likely happen.
John Greene: Yes, good question. So I would say that. So my expectation is that NIM will peak this year. And there are a number of factors impacting it. Certainly, you mentioned deposit costs. That's going to kind of create some impact. We're going to have impacts on credit, which will impact it. But fundamentally, our funding mix has changed, which will, I believe, will drive improved net interest margin versus historical levels.
John Greene: Yes. Yes. Great question. So, I'm going to kind of break it into kind of two categories. So very pleased with the team's execution when we go into the ABS market. I feel like the offerings are solid and the execution has been very, very good. The other side of the coin is, when we were in that low-rate environment, the all-in rates on some of those transactions were unbelievable. We were down at 71 basis points. So, it took me personally a little bit to come to terms with something in the 2s or 3s right now. But that's a function of where we are and relative to what we're driving in terms of top line yield, it's still super-efficient, secured and an important funding source.  The rest of the funding stack continues to be stable. The broker CDs that you mentioned, they're pricing higher than our online deposits and we're trying to get the right balance in terms of, ensure we're competitive, that we're not a market leader in terms of pricing – deposit pricing decisions, but also not having to kind of lean into more expensive funding sources. But we'll continue to evolve there and make sure we're making good, efficient choices for the franchise.
John Greene: Yes, Arren, thanks for the question. Very little. So, we modeled out a sustained high payment rate normalization back in through 2023 and frankly it’s a payment rate should reduce, that provides some more energy for growth. We haven't anticipated that the drivers of growth have been kind of the strong sales performance, the new accounts that we put on the books in the later part of '20 and into '21 and into this year.  And customers putting our card top of wallet. So we've been really pleased and feel like the balance of kind of risk versus opportunity in terms of additional growth is probably more on the opportunity side at this point.
