John Greene: Hey, Bill. Thanks for the question. So certainly, we were pleased with the execution in the quarter. In terms of the specifics around efficiency ratio, what we've guided to in the past, and we're still holding there is that over the medium term, we would expect an efficiency ratio in the upper 30s.  Now this quarter certainly demonstrated some progress on that front. There's a bit of timing there. We kept our marketing guidance as we indicated before, which would bring that above 2019 levels. So there's a slight skewing towards the back half of the year.  We continue to invest for growth. There will be some upper funnel or broad market advertising as well. We're watching every dollar and making sure we get an appropriate return for our shareholders as we invested whether from an expense standpoint or from a loan lending standpoint.  So I don't want to get over our skis here on that efficiency ratio, strong execution. And we're going to continue to kind of work towards the medium term target.
John Greene: Yeah. So in terms of the CET1 ratio, we're sticking to a 10.5% target. There is about 175 basis points from CECL transition still yet to impact that CET1 ratio. So then that still puts us over 200 basis points above the target I just expressed.  So our thinking is that over the next two, three, perhaps four years depending on investments and the broad economy to close down to the 10.5% target. But in terms of the repurchase authorization, our board just approved it. So it would be way premature to talk about any changes to that.
John Greene: Yeah. Sure, Sanjay. So in terms of competitor behavior. So we have seen the competitor set that we benchmark ourselves against recently through this quarter, this past quarter increased rates and into this quarter. As you observed our behavior in the pandemic, we moved fairly aggressively down. As a matter of fact, we led our competitive set on the interest rate movements downward.  Now that we're in a rising rate environment. My expectation is we're going to be disciplined around that. So the principles are that we want to ensure we have a fair customer proposition. We also seek to kind of manage our interest costs as effectively as we can. So a combination of funding needs and competitive dynamics will dictate how we -- how and when we take deposit pricing actions.
John Greene: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Betsy. So in terms of loan growth, we're going to take a balanced approach. So we talked about the target of 70% to 80% of our funding needs coming from OSA or deposits from our customer base. There's always the opportunity to go into the market and execute on broker CDs if liquidity needs to dictate that. We also issued an ABS transaction this past quarter at -- in a rising rate environment at pretty compelling rates overall.  So we're going to take that balanced approach. And you will see or we did -- if you haven't seen it, you'll see a little bit more of it. There'll be a little bit more broad market marketing on deposits and then also targeted marketing on deposits. And we're going to try to balance kind of the rate and the marketing in order to get the most effective cost of funds as we can. So that's essentially the strategy in a nutshell.  So we actually just went through a review from the Fed on our liquidity controls, and it's come out very, very strong. So we're pleased with the position of the business and the processes around it.
John Greene: Yeah. So the math on it would be for a 25 basis point increase somewhere between 3 and 5 bps to NIM on an annual basis. Now there's a bunch of other dynamics that obviously impact that, right? So you touched upon it earlier. So deposit pricing could impact that as well as the revolve rate, payment rate and then the credit impacts coming through net interest margin.  So a lot of dynamics there, and that was why we were conservative in terms of the number of hikes that we baked into this updated guidance. If there are more hikes and we're able to kind of effectively manage our liquidity, credit remains as we expect we would certainly see some upside from that guidance we provided.
John Greene: Yeah. So thanks, John. So I don't really kind of think about this in terms of the deposit beta. What I do here is think about it in terms of broad principles. So the principles are that we're going to have an attractive proposition for our customers, and then we're going to manage interest costs as low as we can, while still maintaining that proposition I just talked about.  So I gave the point in terms of our actions during the pandemic when we had plenty of liquidity that we were a price leader down. And what I said in this rising rate environment, we expect that we're going to manage that interest costs very, very tightly in order to hopefully drive overall cost low, increase NIM and benefit shareholders.  So I don't want to kind of tag to a specific beta because they tend to be -- the numbers tend to be kind of off a month from now. 
John Greene: It does. So actually, it's the 23% for the quarter was higher than we anticipated. We're frankly happy to see that. But there is a modest stepping down through this year. Effectively, it's hard to envision year-over-year kind of sales growth to continue in the upper 20s.
John Greene: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So there's a lot there. So revolve rate actually increased mildly in the quarter as the payment rate decreased by the 70 basis points that I spoke about. And by the way, that payment rate decline was essentially in-line with how we built our original guidance.  So as we think about inflation or other impacts that could drive payment rate lower, we've essentially derisked our guidance for loan growth. So we could see additional upside subject to payment rate and a bunch of other factors. The other pieces there in terms of kind of overall asset growth, what I would do is I would break it down into kind of the three categories or primary products. So card, you saw the double-digit growth there. Student loans at 4%, so we'll have another peak origination season coming in 2022. We hope to be able to execute there and continue to take market share. And personal loans, the growth was down 1%, but originations were up strong double digits. So we had a high payment rate impacting personal loans that we'll expect to moderate over time, given some level of loan growth in that product.  So I guess your question had a number of elements. Hopefully, I'll give you enough detail to be able to lease together the information you're trying to glean. 
John Greene: Yeah. So when we gave this initial guidance, we gave a pretty broad range, and we added around internally whether or not tightened it. And as the quarter unfolded, our conviction around that tighter range and perhaps the lower end group. So as you said, there's three months. The fourth quarter, we don't have perfect visibility in terms of kind of roll rate performance. But our modeling analytics have been actually surprisingly accurate and we have a high expectation there.  So we'll see how the rest of this quarter plays out. And hopefully, we can give updated guidance in a subsequent call.
John Greene: Right. Thanks, Mark. So yeah, the reserve rate came in at 7.1% CECL, day one was 6.1%. So some context around CECL day one. So it was an accounting adjustment reflecting new guidance provided by the FASB, right? So we did our best to capture life of loan estimates of what losses would be and embed them in over reserve rate.  Now the macro environment at the time today has certainly changed. Portfolio dynamics have changed. As a matter of fact, the upper end of our kind of credit quality for the balance sheet is stronger than it was CECL day one. But there's still a degree of uncertainty that we are managing through. So as we've said in prior quarters, we're conservative on this. We want to make sure that we're appropriately capturing reserve rates under GAAP.  And if the broad macros are positive and the portfolio performance is positive, we could continue to step down through a combination of growth or reserve releases. And if the recession likelihood continues to increase, the broad macros could warrant either holding or perhaps even increasing. But overall, I think the takeaway here should be, Mark that the portfolio performance is really, really strong. There's no view of any damage to the consumer. There's no view that job losses are going to increase in the -- definitely through this year and likely through the first half of next year. So all those factors are positive from a credit and reserving standpoint.
John Greene: Yeah. So here's how we think about it. So -- and I've tried to articulate this over the past two and half years. We're going to be really disciplined in terms of how we spend our dollars. And Discover has got a long history of that. We've done some stuff to kind of drive both accountability and visibility of the expense base, which my sense is it has helped.  It's important to note that as we see opportunities, we're going to continue to invest. We also are -- as you paraphrased, we're seeing inflation coming in on salary and wages. We're also seeing it in our third-party spend. So we will effectively manage that in order to be able to deliver to the guidance we provided. And if we see incremental opportunity either for growth or otherwise, we'll invest to -- and we'll create transparency on that in order to drive long-term shareholder returns.
John Greene: Yeah. Last time, I would take out as a proxy, but there's a couple of things that are different, right? So the pace of inflation is a heck of a lot higher here. We're at record levels of inflation.  The other thing that is different is the savings rate coming into this inflationary cycle, much higher. So those two dynamics could create some offsetting impacts. But it will be subject to kind of liquidity and loan growth across the industry and who's got a competitive proposition. And we're very comfortable with our proposition in terms of the customer experience, the kind of the rate. And if you take a look at our rate versus a brick-and-mortar bank, I could find it ironic that anybody keeps any excess cash in those institutions whatsoever.  So we're going to be diligent on it.
John Greene: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mihir. While we said previously as we expected normalization through 2023. Now it's really hard to kind of predict anything when you get out, out in the kind of 2024 timeframe.  What I would say here is in terms of narrowing the range that was a function largely of increased confidence around our forecast with, frankly, an internal expectation that we're going to come in at the lower end of the range. So we're still giving ourselves some wiggle room here. But if things proceed as we expect them to, we'll be around the lower end of the range.
John Greene: Yeah, it's a couple of factors that are playing out here. So the first piece was when we came in -- prior to coming into the pandemic, we were pretty tight. And then we hit the pandemic and we tightened the personal loan product more stringently than any other product we had. And then we also we doubled down on our underwriting, including 100% verification of all loans. So we were super careful. That had an impact on growth levels. We have since reduced our manual underwriting. So it's back to kind of pre-pandemic underwriting standards. And we also opened up the credit box because what we are seeing is the loans that were in there were pristine. And we're now in a situation where we've got a high returning asset. We're looking at the competitive dynamics. We've made some conscious choice to reduce yield for the benefit of very profitable growth.  And as I said earlier in my comments, the expectation is that the payment rate will subside, and we'll see growth in loan balances in that product. Originations have been positively strong, as I said earlier as well.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Thanks, Sanjay. So in terms of lean to growth, I would say we're pleased with our growth but it remains balanced. In terms of the investments we're making, I expect our prime cost per account to be down from last year. So we're not in any way overinvesting.  By enlarge, our credit policies are back to where they were pre-pandemic. But as we said at that time, it was late cycle. So we're not exactly letting credit go. So we're still executing on a model of a disciplined growth even as the economic environment, especially the U.S. consumer remains strong.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. Thanks, Moshe. I think it really comes down to having a balanced and distinctive value proposition. The Discover brand is one of the most trusted brands in financial services. We provide a leading customer experience, both through the phone and digitally, which helps with retention as well as booking new accounts. We spent a long time building our skills around managing cash rewards, not just paying the higher rate but focused on every part of the process. And then continuing to innovate with new features and functionality, and you saw we just launched another one around helping protect your information from people reselling it on the web.  And so that I think, allows us to succeed in just about any environment. I view the card business is always competitive. Occasionally, there's a lull in the depths of a recession. But beyond that, it's our job to execute for our owners and grow. And you're seeing that this quarter, and I'm confident we'll be able to keep it going.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So the network does give us advantages for both our credit card issuing business, but also in terms of being able to support the 1% cashback on debit purchases, which is a real differentiator in the marketplace and builds on the Discover heritage with cashback in a new direction.  So we'll work our way into it. As John mentioned, we'll start broad market advertising for that product later this year. But we intend to sort of scale it gradually and build for the long-term. Overtime, we expect it to be a key part of our business.  And then we see advantages on our core card issuing business. Good example is our ability as we rollout SRC to pre-enroll our customers in a way that will be much more challenging for issuers on a third-party network. And finally, we remain focused on the payment services business. Monetizing our network investments through attracting third-party volume. 
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I would say, in general, in this business, you get diminishing returns on incremental investments in marketing. And so you have seen cycles in the past where people spend heavily after a while they look at the returns they got and maybe less happy with that. So we feel good about both what we're investing on the rewards side and the guidance we provide there of only 2 to 4 basis point increase. But also that we'll see cost per accounts at an attractive level. You're certainly seeing very heavy levels of investment out there that I would wonder whether or not they're going to be sustainable.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So in terms of our home equity business, we do think a rising rate environment will be very constructive. Perversely, many households, their greatest asset could be their 3% mortgage. So while we're excited about it, it also isn't that huge.  On the payment side, we're excited about our partnership, but I don't see tremendous disruption coming to a point of sale and existing means of payment point of sale anytime soon. But we're excited to work with a broad range of partners and different fintechs who want to leverage our network capabilities. 
Roger Hochschild: Sure. Seeing strength across all categories. Revolver sales growth is probably a little higher than transactors growth, but that reflects our lend-focused model. But -- and that sales strength is continuing into April, where through, say, the 24 sales are still up 23% year-over-year. So consumer is good and breadth across all categories. In terms of different segments, from a credit standpoint, you do tend to see normalization occur faster at the lower end segments. But again, we're very pleased, and John mentioned that in his comments that the normalization is very much in-line with our expectations.
Roger Hochschild: Not necessarily. There's been a lot of volatility just as pandemic restrictions come and go, certainly, travel growth is up compared to what it was. But I'd really point towards breadth and growth and spend across all categories.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. It's still early days. So I probably won't provide much in the way of forecast, but we're very excited about the demand we're seeing. We think the product is positioned well to compete both with some of the newer fintech, neobanks but also with any traditional branch player that's out there. And overtime, the balances build slowly, but a lot of opportunities to cross-sell both other deposit products such as savings accounts and CDs, but also our broad range of card products and provide really a different entry point into the Discover franchise.  So our very much our focus is on building this for the long term. And as we said earlier, you'll start seeing more broad market advertising later this year for that product.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I mean, I'd go back to the very kind comments you made at the beginning around 10 years of consistency. Even five years ago, a brand value proposition that's for trust, for a superior customer experience and for innovation on the feature side. Back then, it might have been the ability to freeze your card, now it's some of the things we do for our customers in terms of protecting their information online, but the focus remains the same. A very strong cash rewards program that competes well with anything out there.  You’re pricing a little more intensity in the cash rewards space as some of the changes on miles programs through the pandemic. But we still compete very much the same way, but also still feel as good about our competitive position.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Sure. So on the fee side, first, I'd say we have good relationships and enjoyed working closely with all of our regulators and by enlarge, are aligned in terms of wanting the consumers to be protected.  As you've seen, it's a pretty small percent of our revenues. We waived the first late fee for our Discover customers anyway. Right now, we're set at the safe harbor to the extent that, that changes we can change accordingly. But don't expect it to have an overly material impact.  Certainly, on the deposit side, the fact that we have no fees on any of our deposit products, positions us very, very well compared to our competitors. And it's a key part of our value proposition. In terms of student loans, we probably have seen some pressure on the payment rate just given the ongoing payment holidays that people have seen on their federal loan. It's important to realize that there's a big difference between the federal loan program and ours just in terms of who they give loans to, the types of educations they fund. As an example, we do nothing in the four-profit sector.  So yeah, we'll wait and see what comes out of Washington, but we don't expect it to be overly disruptive for our own student loan business.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. We've modeled it pretty carefully. We don't expect it to have a significant impact on card or personal loans. And as you think about student loans, it's important to look at how we underwrite those. For our undergrad loans, the vast majority are cosigned by the parent, very strong FICO scores. So we've seen probably a modest benefit on the credit side, but also a modest negative on the payment rate as students have more liquidity to put towards paying off their private student loans.  And again, I'd go back to the federal student loan program in terms of who participates, the amount of debt they have and the nature of the education they finance is dramatically different than our portfolio. 
Roger Hochschild: Great. Thank you, Ashley. And with that, I think we'll conclude. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to follow up here in Investor Relations. And have a great day.
