David W. Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I'm going to start off by discussing the fourth quarter and then walk through some highlights of our full year accomplishments. Before the market opened, we reported quarterly diluted earnings per share of $1.07, up 13% over the prior year, driven primarily by loan growth and share repurchases. During the quarter, we generated return on equity of 23% and returned approximately $451 million of capital to common shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Our robust results, strong capital position and positive outlook led us to announce a 40% increase in our dividend to common shareholders. This quarter, we accelerated our organic growth to 6% on total receivables. Card receivables growth for the quarter was the highest in over 5 years, driven by spin from the revolver segment of our card base. Our strong receivables and sales growth results demonstrate the effectiveness of our marketing programs, consumers' preference for cash rewards and our acceptance and awareness initiatives. For the fourth quarter, our noncard assets, specifically our personal and private student loans, achieved a combined 11% year-over-year growth as we broadened marketing and added new schools and a fixed-rate product in student loans earlier in the year. Our Payments segment experienced 13% year-over-year purchase volume growth, driven largely by PULSE. Volume processed on our networks achieved an all-time high for the fourth quarter. We also increased our level of investment to drive future growth and achieved the full potential of our Direct Banking and payment strategy. Important new initiatives included new domestic and global payments partners; a new core banking system; our first checking product, which we expect to launch in early 2013; and Discover it, our new credit card product that is testing successfully in select markets and will be launched nationally next month. Our card net charge-off rate set another record low, but our over-30-day delinquency rate ticked up slightly due to seasonality. While the continued improvement in credit appears to be nearing an end, we don't believe we were -- we are at a point where charge-offs are poised to rise significantly. Now, I'd like to share some thoughts on how we performed against our 2012 priorities. We had 2 principal priorities for our Direct Banking segment. First, we wanted to build on the momentum from 2011 and grow card sales and receivables. Second, we wanted to grow our noncard product offerings. During the year, we successfully grew card sales and receivables in a challenging environment by increasing our marked wallet share and achieving double-digit new account growth. We increased customer engagement through our rewards programs, marketing initiatives and by expanding online and mobile capabilities. We increased merchant participation in our rewards program, which also enhanced the value for our card members. For the full year, card receivables grew by $3 billion or 6%. In our Direct Banking segment, we grew noncard assets and launched new products, including home loans and student loans focused on graduate and professional programs. By leveraging our expertise in unsecured underwriting and maintaining the customer-centric focus, we disbursed over $1 billion in private student loans and grew personal loan originations to $1.8 billion. Additionally, we originated over $2 billion in home loans since June. In payments, we continued to build on domestic and international acceptance and successfully grew our network volume while dealing with competitive challenges. For the full year, volume for the Payments segment grew by 12%, and we achieved a record number of active merchants. Further in Payments, we positioned ourselves as a flexible and innovative partner for payment solutions with a number of new agreements, domestically with PayPal and internationally with new network and issuer partnerships. Lastly, one of our top corporate priorities was to drive shareholder value through effective capital management. During the fiscal year, we returned a little over $1.4 billion through share repurchases and common dividends. Our fourth quarter provided a strong finish to a record year. As we enter 2013, I am looking forward to maintaining the momentum in our Direct Banking segment and executing on our recently formed network partnerships as we continue to leverage our network assets. We look forward to providing you with an update on our 2013 priorities at our annual financial community briefing in March. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
David W. Nelms: Sure. I would say that, in terms of Sandy, we don't think it had a significant overall effect on our volume during the quarter. It's certainly had a regional impact, obviously, with timing. We saw some sub-components that changed around a bit. For instance, home improvement had been softer before Sandy and post-Sandy. There's been enough rebuilding needs that we've actually seen that component drive higher. So there've been some ins and outs maybe from Sandy, but I think the overall volume, not too affected. I think in terms of fiscal cliff, we don't have a separate plan for -- as I've heard some companies have. And we think that -- I don't expect a big impact. I do expect something to get resolved. I think the big wild card is what happens to consumer confidence. And I think as long as consumer confidence doesn't take a big nosedive, I expect our sales volume and so on to continue doing just fine. If consumer confidence, for whatever reason, went down significantly, then that's what would probably start affecting sales volume.
David W. Nelms: I hadn't seen that, what -- it's a wait to see. I'd be surprised if there was a big impact as a result of a study like that, just from what you're saying. But I'll have to wait and see what’s up.
David W. Nelms: Well, certainly I think it's a very good opportunity for us to continue to invest in growth. We've been gaining share in loans over the last couple years, and that's accelerated this quarter. And so in Direct Banking, we're investing to continue to gain and accelerate loan growth in card, to broaden our other Direct Banking offerings in student loans, personal loans and other products. And then obviously, in the payments area, we're investing -- we're -- we've just got many more opportunities in front of us at this point. And we think it's time to really grab some of those and invest in that business, which will be great for the long term. I think, in terms of the competition, I think that's part of why investing is looking better for us. We have seen some competitors pulling back on, for instance, direct mail volumes and advertising. And I think we'd be foolish not to take advantage of that kind of opportunity.
David W. Nelms: I'd say yes and no. I certainly -- I think PayPal is in a fairly unique position and I'm really excited about that opportunity. There is no one else in the market that's exactly positioned the way they are. So what I expect is not other PayPal-like deals, but other deals that are also disruptive in different ways. And we are talking to a number of partners who see our flexibility and unique assets as a big opportunity. And so I am certainly hopeful that over the -- as we get into next year, that we'll have additional partners to be talking to you about.
David W. Nelms: Yes, I think that I'm really pleased with the 6% this quarter, significantly higher than the 2% to 4% that we had targeted and in our Investor Day discussions. And certainly, it's nice to see this kind of growth when the overall industry continues to decrease, so significant share gain. It's going to be tough to maintain it at quite the 6% level. So I'm not sure we'll be able to maintain that throughout the year. But I'm certainly hopeful to at least be at the high end of the range that we've targeted in cards. And I mentioned Discover it. I think a lot will ride on how successful that is. We've seen good results from the test markets, but it's -- we really have to push hard to have this kind of growth in a non-growing card overall market. I think the acceptance that you mentioned is part of what's allowing us to achieve this kind of growth, combined with the higher level of investment spending, cash rewards programs, new products, all the other things. It's hard to disentangle everything. But I'm certainly pleased with the growing acceptance, the awareness of acceptance, the deals we're doing with acquirers, and that is paying fruit for us, or resulting in some of this growth.
David W. Nelms: Well, I won't go into a huge detail on this, because there's too many features to fully talk about. But I am very excited. It's a cash back, no-fee card with an extremely high level of service and unique features that are designed to save customers interest and fees, and also has a different look and feel in terms of the card itself, and in how we're delivering it to the customers. So we're -- we'll look forward to briefing you more at our Investor Day about it, and you're likely to see some stuff -- some marketing of it show up next month.
David W. Nelms: What I would expect is that we've just signed a bunch of deals and next year is going to be a lot of implementation and costs related to that, and getting going. And so I would probably think more like in the 2014, and then certainly into the 2015 period, to see some, much more serious volume from those new agreements starting to hit and generate profits.
David W. Nelms: No, well of course, we're comparing like time periods. So we're looking at the same time period, prior year in terms of the percentage of the holiday season. I would say that we saw, probably higher sales growth during year-over-year in November than we're seeing so far in December, and we saw this last year as well. And I think that one of the things that's happening is that more and more of the retailers are having bigger sales around Thanksgiving and accelerating some of the holiday spending into that month. So that is a likely kind of thing. And I guess the second thing is we did get -- we have been getting some extra pop from the higher rewards investments and other investments we've made. And while that will likely carry through this month, and if I look -- if I think about full year, we're going to be pulling back a bit to more normal levels of promotions. And that can also affect that growth throughout the year.
David W. Nelms: I would say I haven't seen a big change this quarter. But for the last few quarters, I've been saying that we've seen sales and receivables growing at about the same pace, which suggest to me that a lot of the leveraging that has taken place over the last several years has run its course. And so I just -- I think this quarter, it was more of the same.
David W. Nelms: Well, it’s certainly changed dramatically over the last several years. And Internet and online has become a very significant part of the marketing mix, and I think that'll only continue to grow. Direct mail is easier to track. And so sometimes when we look at level of marketing intensity, it's a little easier for us to compare statistics on mailings being up or down in relative mail share. But we see more and more of our business moving online because it's very cost effective. We already get the majority of our applications come in through online, as opposed to all other channels combined.
David W. Nelms: If we saw the right opportunity that gave us the right returns and fit with our strategy, I would love to be able to bulk up in Payments. Obviously, if you look over the longer time period, we bought Diners and PULSE, so we have made Payments-type of acquisitions. We've made some smaller investments in this space. But -- so I think it could be, for the right deals, it could be a great way to deploy some of this capital. But that being said, the prices of properties tend to be pretty high. These -- our assets are quite unique. And so I think that what we have been finding is that there are a lot more opportunities to partner with others, as opposed to buying others, and that's been true both domestically and internationally. And so I think that, that is a more likely scenario, is to see more partnerships as opposed to acquisitions.
David W. Nelms: I would say that it's been pretty balanced growth. And we've both balanced between new accounts and more usage from existing accounts. We've got more from sales as well as more from balance transfers. And I would say we're getting impact from growing share within existing merchants as well as the new acceptance that we've been able to put in is also giving us. So each piece may be a percent or so, and you have to kind of add it up to get to the 6% loan growth that we're seeing in total. The one thing that I would say is that we are not sacrificing credit quality. And if you look at where the growth is coming from, it is coming from the medium to high FICO scores bands as opposed to from low FICO score bands. So the one thing that's consistent across all these channels is it's good prime credit.
David W. Nelms: I would say there is some promotional aspects. We had a, as Mark mentioned, more aggressive promotions this year than we -- than last year. I'd say that was more to do with -- the difference between this year and last year during the quarter was much more the rewards program and the fact that we are offering up to 5% on both Internet and department stores than it was pricing, promotional pricing. So it -- I think it’ll likely pull back a little bit as we get into next year, just as we go back to more normal promotional promotions.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think I've already discussed the inter-quarter volume, with November being the strongest year-over-year, month of the year, and then less so in December. But I think that's not so much related to our -- any promotions we're doing, but related to pull forward of retailers broadly, sales and to earlier in the holiday shopping season. And I think in terms of the promotion, and I mean, we've got a promotion that ran the fourth quarter of -- fourth calendar quarter. So and it runs through December, there's nothing sort of inter-quarter...
David W. Nelms: I would say that we have seen some good results from our Discover it product, which is why we've made the decision to roll it out next month. And so we're looking forward to that launch.
David W. Nelms: Yes, I think in terms of PULSE, I would expect a further deceleration in the next quarter. While I was pleased with the overall growth rate we experienced this quarter and the last few quarters on PULSE, that would have been even higher without some of the competitive challenges, I'll say. And one of those competitors is the Goliath in the industry. And as they continue to roll out some of these new kind of hijacked transaction actions, a lot of those were just being rolled out now, and will have an increasing effect on all the other competitors in the market, including PULSE.
David W. Nelms: Yes, Sameer, I think that our forbearance policies are pretty much dictated by what's allowable in terms of regulations, which have not changed year-over-year. And I think that the big effect for us is that we are going to be going through a seasoning where we've had a lot of growth, and we're getting -- we're going to have more of the students that we booked, who will be entering repayment for the first time. And most of the losses or about 1/2 the losses that you occur -- that occur over the life of a student loan occur the first 2 years after repayment. So as we get more of those people, we're going to end up having more people in forbearance, more losses, and then you get a maturing over time. And it, I would say, that business continues to perform on a vintage basis as we had anticipated.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think from a high level, I think of cards as being a slower growth business. And so if you think about it, that's a little bit more of a 0 sum game, our goal is to continue to gain share. So you've seen us gaining share in loans for now a few years. And what I see is that while it's a smaller number of sizable competitors today than in the past, the good news is, they're more rational competitors. So I think they're not going to be dropping credit standards to reach for growth, which is always the biggest concern you've got. And so what it comes to is us using our competitive advantages to gain share, so our advantage in service, our advantage in rewards, our advantage in growing acceptance, our advantage on differentiation, including with new products. And so we're going to be focused on -- from a game theory perspective, using all those competitive advantages, to gain share in the credit card market.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that our core banking system's on track. I would have loved to have gotten the tracking -- the product out this year. And it looks like we're going to miss it by a couple of months, 5 -- 1 quarter. But I think what I would attribute more of that to is that it is a more -- it's probably a much more robust product and a better product than what I might have anticipated a year ago. And so we wanted to really kind of get it right from a consumer value proposition. And so I am really excited to the able to launch it early next year. In terms of the impact on cost to funds, that's, that is our reason for launching it. We don't expect this to necessarily make money as a product, except it's going to be, over time, a good low-cost, stable source of funds and an additional important core relationship. And I expect it to not have a material impact in the near term, because it's going to take some time. By definition, these are the sticky bank deposits. And so it's going to take some time for us to pry those sticky relationships into a direct banking relationships. But I'm excited about the technology and the value that we can offer to, over time, have that start to become a tailwind on cost of funds. But I think realistically, you're -- you'd have to look more in a -- 2014, 2015 and beyond that, just to really start seeing some movement.
David W. Nelms: So Mark, we'll give you more update on the promo rates at Investor Day, as we've done the last few years. But you're right. We are able to maintain good NPVs with more promo balances and lower rates in today's cost of funds environment than we would in different environments. And we're taking advantage of that now to be able to offer our customers some very good deals cost effectively. I guess I would -- I tend to think about as a little bit of a wash, that more -- less of being an opportunity. But more, as the rate environment changes, then you have to look at your promotional rates and what percentage are at promo, where's the duration and all of that, as one way to help mitigate some of the less benign rate environment over time.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say a couple of factors. One is seasoning of the book. If you looked at the -- how much everyone pulled back during the financial crisis and very few new accounts were booked, we're now back into a more normal time period. And so as the new accounts that have -- are now being booked, start the season, that will tend to increase the loss rate a bit to more normal levels. I'd say a second thing is that as we get further away from the very large spike in charge-off rates, to some degree, people that were close to the edge all got recognized in a short period of time. So much like the bankruptcy law changed from a number of years ago, where there was a trough afterwards, and it took a few years, but eventually you get back to more normal levels. So I think as we get away from the spike, you're going to eventually start to normalize. And so those are 2 macro factors. Then you start getting back into the normal, unemployment, health care costs, divorces. These are the kinds of things that in prime business, tend to drive charge-offs, and you get back to more normal levels of all those, kind of life events.
David W. Nelms: Typically, one thinks about 2 years, maybe about 2.5 years as being a peak charge-off, and then coming down after that point.
David W. Nelms: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Hope you all have a happy holiday, and feel free to reach out to Investor Relations if you have any follow-up calls. Thanks.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would -- I'd echo David's comment on that one. I mean, I think receivables growth is central to our business model. And as we've been saying, that growth would, at some point in time, cause us to begin to build reserves. And the growth in reserves you've seen is a direct result of the growth in loans over the course of the last several years. With respect to your expenses question, Sanjay, I would say a couple of different things. I think as we look forward to next year, that $3 billion number is a close number to utilize. It may come in a little bit higher than that, would be my general expectation, however. I think in terms of an operating leverage way of looking at things, if we were not investing in a number of these growth investments over the course of the next year, we would be reporting flat operating leverage for 2013. I think we will be slightly below that because of the investments in growth we're making. I think you all understand that when you're investing for organic growth, the expenses lead to revenues. But given the ROIs and the opportunities we see in these products, we're very comfortable going ahead and making those investments. With respect to the rewards rate itself, as I said in my prepared remarks, I think the 106 basis point level that you saw this quarter was higher than we expected it to be, quite honestly. That program was probably a little bit too rich, in retrospect. But it did drive fabulous cardmember engagement, which is great. I would say going forward, I would expect it to be closer to that 1% level is the right way to think about things. Though again, I would point out for the month of December, that higher program is still running.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I guess Mark -- this is Mark. I would say that from my perspective, I would echo David's earlier comment, in that the reserve build you see this quarter is largely due to the growth in loan outstandings. We don't see a fundamental inflection point in credit here, I guess is what I'd say, just to be clear about it. Going forward, I think, as we continue to grow our balance sheet, there will likely continue to be requirements for provisioning associated with some of that growth. You think about it, we've been generating strong growth for a while now. And I think David indicated we continue to expect to see good solid growth going forward, and so that will force us to continue to provide. The way we look at things is we use a forward-loss emergence period. Currently up to 12 months so that's kind of how we're looking at a forward window of what we see coming at it. And the growth that we have been generating over a period of time has reached a level, to the point where we're providing for it a little bit. But we do not see a fundamental inflection point in credit here.
R. Mark Graf: I don't think we've provided that information historically, as part of our underwriting models. But I would say we are not underwriting to current loss rates. I would say we are underwriting to what we believe to be more normalized loss rates.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think it's a couple different things, Mark. I think, first, foremost and fundamentally, it's a new business for us. And consistent with the way we like to do things, we're going to test drive it a little bit before we jam on the accelerator. So I would say that's a piece of the puzzle. I would say another piece of the puzzle would be we said all along there is some optionality there. We wouldn't make any broader commitments to the business until we had further clarity around how some of the capital treatment and some of the GSEs, some of that was starting to evolve. I think we're starting to get some clarity there, but we're probably not all the way to the full clarity we would want to see, to really move things forward. That notwithstanding, I would say we don't enter things with an idea of playing at them. So my perspective is there's a great opportunity for us in the mortgage business. And as we get more comfortable with it ourselves, and make sure we understand the various levelers and all the risks, it probably will -- you should look for it to become a more significant contributor going forward.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say it's combination of both. At this point in time, marketing will be a big driver of the launch of a lot of these new products, some of which we've talked about and some of which we haven't. So that'll be a big piece of it. Headcount expenses have been part of the equation, but they have not been the lion's share.
R. Mark Graf: We would love to see that be the case. I'm happy to talk about capital. We are currently in the throes of our annual capital planning activities, both internally and with our own Board of Directors, and also preparing for submission in the first couple days of January to the Fed, as part of the CCAR capital process, our annual capital plan as well. I think you all know that any capital actions we propose to take need non-objection on the part of our regulatory body. I guess I'd say a couple of things. Number one, I don't think we feel that we were necessarily aggressive enough in our ask last year. So I think you should expect our ask to be somewhat more aggressive than it was last year; it was not objected to. I think the other thing I would say in this regard is we remain committed to being responsible stewards of that capital. And fulfilling that mission is going to be a combination of deploying it at ROE levels above our threshold 15% that we have talked to you about in the past, and finding ways to get that capital returned to our shareholders to the extent we don't have the ability to do that. So it's not lost on us that you guys would love to see an increase in the returns of capital, and we are working toward that end.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I'm including it as a contra revenue, but it's going into the calculation in the way I'm thinking about it, Ryan.
R. Mark Graf: Bob, I'd say there's a couple of things going on in the Payment space. Specific to the quarter, Diners expenses were responsible for about 2/3 of the year-over-year increase. And they were primarily related to several new issuing relationships that we have talked to you guys about in the past, that we established in the last quarter or so. And you should think about them more as onetime oriented in nature. I would say that being said, as David noted, we're looking for a number of other opportunities in this space and actively engaged in those. So there's possibility, as you look forward of other onetime expenses creeping in as a result of that. So the way I would think about the payments business in 2013 is I would think about it as a year of investments in building to reap real returns down the road. Don't read that as a big backpedal, but also, I wouldn't expect the payments business to be the primary driver of growth in revenues and earnings over the course of '13.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, it's -- as you look at the fee products revenue line going forward, as I mentioned, we did see some marketing of the products during the quarter. We took a hiatus here to make sure we have everything in place to comply with our consent order. It's our intent we will begin reissuing or re-offering those products to our customers. But in terms of from a guidance standpoint, I would say, you had, what, a $5 million, roughly sequential decline in revenue related to those products. For now, I would say that's probably a good way to think about the continued impacts going forward.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think that's probably a good way to be thinking about 2013 on Protection products at this point.
R. Mark Graf: And then with respect to the $26 million gain, we don't disclose the specific names, but we do have a small portfolio of what I would call strategic minority investments that we make, as part of our Payments business, where we see opportunities either be able to acquire, or more ultimately partner with these folks, going forward. We'll sometimes take a stake in those opportunities. And when the strategic value either does not pan out the way we thought it would, or for other reasons we determine, it's just not the right direction for us to head, we typically look to monetize these investments. And I think this one falls into that latter category, and just shows that we do know what we're looking at in the Payment space, even though it didn't end up working out right for us.
R. Mark Graf: And as far as the reserve coverage ratio is concerned, it's -- we don't really track the reserve coverage ratio. It's -- I mean, we do follow-up, we don't manage to it. It's a rearward-looking metric, and we look forward. I'd say there's a bunch of factors that can affect it. So not prepared to give specific guidance on what that rate should look like going forward. What I would do is echo our earlier comments though, that we don't see a fundamental turn in credit at this point. And any reserving that takes place will really be driven in our view at this point, based on the seasoning of that account growth.
R. Mark Graf: Thank you for the qualifier at the end there. That's helpful. I guess from our perspective, it's pretty straightforward. We definitely see room to take our dividend payout ratio higher than it is right now. And I would also say that as we change our fiscal year, we may change our quarterly dividend payment dates to correspond a little bit to those of our peers. I would also say that we've been saying for a long time, we'll revisit our dividend no less frequently than annually. I would specifically reiterate that statement to you today.
