John Greene: Hi, Rick, John Greene here. That is organic loan growth. So all of the guidance excluded the impact of a potential student loan asset sale.
John Greene: Sure, sure. Thanks, Moshe. So the bonus of loan growth sales, new account generation, payment rate trends. And so what we’re anticipating for sales given the slowdown through 2023 in terms of sales, although we did have a pretty strong holiday season, sales will be relatively flat year-over-year. New account generation relative to last year, certainly down, but overall positive new account growth. And payment rate, what we've tried to do here is kind of derisk the forecast. So we assume that 100 basis points of payment rate that's elevated versus 2019 will remain elevated. So those three components reflect end up coming in and reflecting on our projections. Now loan growth could actually come in higher if payment rate continues to decline. But overall, our basis for guidance, loan growth, net interest margin and charge-offs was to give a range and then also be relatively conservative in terms of the expectations on those ranges.
John Greene: Sure. Yes. So there's a couple of different components that are driving that. So if you go back in time, we had about two years of unusually low charge-offs and delinquencies, so from the pandemic. And that process of normalization, typically will take about the same amount of time, two years. The vintages, 2021 and 2022 are seasoning, and that's why we expect it to plateau. The 2023 vintage actually was relatively large, but too early to call whether it's going to outperform our expectations, but certainly, a highly profitable vintage from our vantage point today. So what you're actually just seeing is a period of normalization. My expectation is that charge-offs will plateau and then and beginning in 2025, I would expect those to step down. Now you will know from this past year and the prior year, what we've tried to do in terms of the guidance is the conservative in terms of the range. And throughout 2023, we tightened the range and actually came in at the low end. So my hope is that we'll be able to do the same thing in 2024.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So our approach in 2023 and then early into 2024 was that we took a look at underwriting and performance of, what I'll say, buckets within our underwriting box. And essentially tightened and we've tightened throughout 2023. What you're seeing here in terms of account growth, at least projections today, is us getting back to 2018 and 2019 levels as we continue to watch the 2022 and 2023 vintage perform. And six months from now, we may end up stepping in a little bit more aggressively. But what we wanted to do certainly was let kind of get further confirmation that the delinquency trends that we have seen in terms of slowing rate of delinquency formation continue to persist and that the charge-offs, the forecasted come in at or better than our expectations. If those two factors are at play, there will be an opportunity to be more aggressive in terms of new account growth. 
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So good news. So it is actually progressing to schedule. So as a matter of fact, last evening, we signed a servicing agreement with [Nelnet] to become the servicer of this portfolio. So that was great news. It was a competitive process. And certainly, Nelnet showed that there's a commitment to continue to dedicate resources and service that portfolio at a high level. The next step will be to continue the servicing migration activities. We expect those activities will take around six months. We're conservatively it may take a month or two longer. And then as we're doing that, our adviser will begin to market the portfolio. So our expectations are that it will sell in the second half. And the implications for the business are as follows: So there's $9.5 billion of receivables. That equates to risk-weighted assets of about $10.8 billion. We expect that, that will be -- the exit of that will be -- have a positive impact on net interest margin by somewhere between 10 bps and 20 bps on a full year basis. Charge-off rate could tick up mildly, so under 5 bps. And as of 12/31, we had $858 million of reserves. So with a successful exit, those reserves will drop. And the sale price, the market will determine that, but we expect it to go above par.
John Greene: Yes. So let me try to give a little bit of color that hopefully gets folks comfortable with our view of loan growth today. So in 2023, really, really strong loan growth. Much of that was driven both by new account growth, but also a slowing payment rate, that payment rate in our assumptions is holding flat. And as a result, what we expect to see is the 2023 vintage will begin to kind of build in terms of assets, but there's likely going to be some impact from sales. And then also as we cycle through the 2022 vintage, we're not expecting significant new balance builds from that vintage. Now, maybe there will be. But overall, what we've tried to do here is reflect our view of our underwriting box today, not reflect any potential openings of our underwriting box in the later part of 2023. And if we have deliver on loan growth, that will be fantastic. The other element that has come into play here as we pulled back on balance transfers and promotional balances in the second part of 2023. We don't anticipate significantly increasing that level of balance transfer, promotional balances. Now, if we do, that will certainly be accretive to loan growth as well. So, what you're hearing in the guidance is that our expectation is that there's an opportunity to deliver better. But certainly, we've positioned both the guidance and the business to be conservative at least for the next quarter or two.
John Greene: Yes. Okay. So, let me start with the reserves. So, -- and the remediation reserve that we put up. So, they're unrelated. So, the merchant tiering reserve we booked $365 million as a liability, that has moved now about $370 million just as we've had some payments and other flows in through the interchange that we had to correct manually for. So, the progress there in terms of discussions with our merchants is positive. We'll -- we don't have enough data points to make a material change to that reserve level yet, but it's progressing, my view, positively through the end of the year and today as we speak. Now, separately, we put up $80 million for a -- as we described it, a customer remediation reserve. Now, some context to that is as part of this compliance journey, we've put in a significant number of resources to help us identify and correct issues. And as we prepare the business to continue to move forward to drive organic growth, we're getting much, much better at identifying issues and we identify an issue what we've done here is if we think there's is appropriate to refund customer payments, we're going to do that. So, we identified a particular issue largely within servicing for our student loan business, although there was a general impact in another business line and we continue to look across our business. But the lion's share of that reserve relates to student loans and essentially what we're doing is trying to position the business and that product for a successful exit.
John Greene: Okay. Sanjay, I feel like your question is a five-part question, but what we'll do our best to answer it. So the loan growth aspect that you asked, it is completely unrelated to any regulatory issues, so nothing to connect on that point. In terms of capital return, our commitment to capital return and capital allocation have not changed. So, first to invest in profitable organic growth; and second, to return excess capital to shareholders. So as we kind of progressed through the fourth quarter, we remained on pause with our buybacks. And given we've got a new CEO coming in, we are contending with a number of different compliance and risk management matters. We got the merchant tiering reserve. We don't have any feedback from our regulators on that point. We decided that it would be most appropriate to remain conservative in terms of our guidance related to buybacks. We will go through CCAR, as I said in my prepared remarks, that will form a view of capital under significant stress as it always does. And then we're going to have the exit or hopefully, the exit from the Student Loan business, which will provide free up at least $2 billion worth of capital. So what you're hearing here hopefully is some indications that one, we're committed to returning excess capital to shareholders; two, that there will be excess capital generated and available; and three, we're going to go through a diligent process internally, share it with our Board and then take the Board's direction in terms of buybacks.
John Greene: Yes, that was part 5A, I think. Yes. So that remains in effect and our chosen provider, Nelnet is fully aware of the consent order requirements in terms of kind of servicing excellence. And they were chosen because they've got a track record in terms of being able to kind of service a portfolio such as this, and they've dedicated both technology and resources to ensure a seamless transition.
John Greene: Yes, yes. Thanks for that. We are hoping that, that question would come out. So the -- let me talk about the reserves for the quarter, and then I'll give you perspective on 2024 and what could potentially happen there. So we grew receivables in the quarter, $5.7 billion. Now some of that was transactor balances that are reserved light. But one thing that we've been consistent on in terms of our communication is that as we approach peak losses, reserve levels increase. And what we've said previously is, typically, we hit the highest reserve rate level one to two quarters before peak losses. So that's the path we're on. Let me provide some details on some assumptions that were used to set the reserve levels this year at year end. And then I'll give a perspective on what we -- what could happen in 2024. So macro is relatively benign. So unemployment levels, we ended the year at 3.7 what we've assumed is an unemployment level of 4.2. So a mild increase, household worth, mild decrease, savings rate, mild increase and GDP to be in 2024 to be about 1.3%. So relatively conservative, but not overly optimistic of assumptions. Now what will come into play in 2024 is obviously the macros, which will continue to be important. The portfolio performance and -- by the way, it is tracking to our expectations with month-over-month delinquency formation declining. The credit quality of the book remains relatively consistent with what we've done historically. So our expectation is that assuming the macros remain consistent and the portfolio performance remains to our expectation that there will be some level of opportunity to reduce the reserve rate in 2024. Now that's subject to a significant amount of governance, and we're going to make sure that we comply with our internal processes and generally accepted accounting principles. So they're my caveats. But there's a lot of things that are different today than day one. So the step down will be aligned with those points I just mentioned.
John Greene: Yes. And thanks for the question, Bill. So, I just to give you kind of the benefit of some data here. From September through December this year, so the 30-plus delinquencies have declined month-over-month. So in September, we peaked at an increase month-over-month of 26 bps. What we said in the fourth quarter is we expected that to decline. Our October formation increased 20 bps, so relative to decline to the prior month. November, 15 bps, December, 11 bps, and our expectation is that will continue to decline. Where it becomes negative, we're not going to get into that because it will be subject to a number of different things, including kind of our origination path and broad macro. So to get to the essence of your question, we do have a level of confidence regarding kind of what’s happening in the portfolio and the trend. And as we progress in 2024 that will be reflected in hopefully, tightening guidance and then also -- tightening guidance to the lower end and then also, hopefully, reserve rate changes.
John Greene: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Bill. So our expectation is that the long-term efficiency ratio will be sub-40%. So there's still a view that, that will happen. The reason we put the -- what I'll call is the caveat in the 2024 expense guidance was a number of different institutions when they've been on this compliance and risk management journey have not been able to call what the actual compliance and risk management spend would be. We had that remediation reserve in the fourth quarter. There were some indications that we might have to put something up for that. But we didn't know. There's still some level of unknowns, unknowns. And I wanted to make sure we're clear to the people listening to this call that, there is some level of risk to the expense guidance. Now that said, 5% on our expense base is a significant amount of dollars. We feel like we have nearly a full complement of resources around risk and compliance today, which is good news. Our issues management capabilities significantly improved. Our path to improving overall governance is certainly on the right trajectory. So those factors give me confidence that we're not going to have a huge surprise. But there could be just don't have enough certainty given where we are on our compliance journey. Now, the rest of the cost base, there's a couple of things to keep in mind here. So right -- today, we have nearly 3,000 resources dedicated to risk and compliance management. A significant amount of those resources are dedicated to issues related to student loan servicing, which with a successful exit and transfer, it will give us an opportunity to scrutinize the cost base in a different way. So that's certainly on the list of planned activities for the second quarter, third quarter, and then hopefully, we begin some execution in the fourth quarter. So overall, I feel comfortable with the expense guidance that we've provided. And we're going to do our best to make sure that every dollar we spend is wise and that the shareholders get the benefit from that.
John Greene: Yes. So the $80 million was related to servicing issues, the lion's share of that, the significant share of that was related to student loans. There was a small amount that we put up related to personal loans upon reviewing that, there may be an opportunity to release that reserve, very small though. The $80 million is not connected to the issues that we discussed in July. So what I tried to do is provide as much context as I could. So we've dedicated number of resources to identifying issues to help on this consumer compliance journey. As with any company, as you dedicated resources, they come up to speed, they are going to get more effective at identifying issues and correcting issues. This is symptomatic of that progress. So we've got folks that are coming through every single bit of our business to make sure we're executing consumer compliance at a high level. An issue was found. Cross-functional team reviewed it, and we made an election that we are going to accrue something at year-end to cover potential remediation payments.
John Greene: Yes. So what we disclosed in July was a broad program around risk and compliance management activities. The specifics of the particular issues weren't discussed in any details. And what I've shared with you right now is probably as much information as I'm going to share at this point. So the takeaway should be is that we're progressing on the risk and compliance management activities. We're getting better at identifying issues. When we find an issue, we're going to deal with it. And we found an issue. We've put up a reserve for that issue. And we're going to work through further details on it in order to ensure that consumer compliance is where we want it to be. So with that, I think I'll probably close at this particular item out, if you don't mind.
John Greene: Yes, the later stage buckets are kind of modestly improving. We're seeing improvements across every bucket. The first bucket is this really the key one, and then as you get into later and later buckets, the ability to cure just becomes more challenging because the situation that consumers and but we are seeing mild improvements there. So that that also is encouraging.
John Greene: Yes. The net of it is that it's early. So it's performing profitably, and we're going to continue to keep our eye on it. 
John Greene: No, no, I didn't say that. It's just -- it's early. So is performing generally in line with expectations.
John Greene: Yes. Thank you. Yes. So our baseline is that it's going to come in at the low end. Now I shared the information in terms of the macros that we use for reserves pretty consistent in terms of what we used for our, what I'll say, the second half view of charge-offs. So what could make that worse? Certainly, change to the macros, some servicing issues, which highly unlikely or a miss in terms of forecasting. I'm comfortable with our forecasting team. I'm comfortable with our servicing team and we've got a number of programs, and we've dedicated a lot of dollars in terms of analytics, in terms of call frequency and best time to call, and we've worked on our call scripts to ensure they're compliant but also effective in terms of prioritizing payments. So I feel – feel good about that. So the range just reflects a level of kind of broad uncertainty that we're going to tighten.
John Greene: Yes. So good question. So let me start off with 2023 and then the fourth quarter of 2023. So as business, my view is great execution in terms of being able to kind of manage net interest margin, so year-over-year, we're up. I think we're an outlier, and that's from that standpoint in financial services. What we saw in the fourth quarter was cost of funding increased as lower rate CDs term out and higher rate CDs would come in. Our OSA rate remains competitive. And the expectation on beta is that it will be in the mid-70s in a declining rate. And I hope that the beta on the declining rate is higher. Also something that's not baked into the elements of the guidance. But certainly, with the exit of student loans or the proposed exit from the student loan business, that's going to throw a lot of liquidity back into the business. That will give us an opportunity to be slightly more aggressive in terms of deposit pricing. That -- again, that will be a second half activity. So the four rate cuts that we put into the baseline assumption, again, two more than what we had forecasted in December. It could be as many as six, which if it is, that will certainly impact deposit betas and deposit pricing and consequentially net interest margin. So the guide here, I think, is appropriate, perhaps a little conservative. And our baseline expectation is that we're going to deliver to the upper end of the –– the guidance range.
John Greene: Okay. Thanks Terry. So, I think it's important to take a look at the quarterly trends on loan growth versus the total year because each quarter, what you will see is that the amount of loan growth decreased quarter-over-quarter. And that was partly due to payment rate, partly due to underwriting standards, and partly due to kind of sales activity slowing as well. So, in 2024, we've guided to loan growth to be flat. Again, payment rate is 100 basis points higher than it was in 2019. That could be a positive if it holds where it ended the year, it's not going to impact loan growth. So, I feel like what we've tried to do here is put something on the table that's reasonable that doesn't reflect a level of undue risk taking in a time where consumer behavior is actually changing relatively dynamically. If you think back 2.5 years ago coming out of the pandemic to kind of where it is today and also the impact of inflation that hit certainly all consumers, but certainly in terms of our prime revolver -- consumers, the lower -- third of those consumers were impacted fairly significantly by inflation. So, we do want to kind of watch, as I said previously, watch delinquency formations and our other metrics before we press on the gas on generating high level of new accounts in 2024.
John Greene: Yes, I would go back to kind of historical growth rates. The companies typically delivered somewhere between 3% and 8% year-over-year growth. And then we feel like our underwriting and credit and the opportunity to lend profitably at a rate higher than that, we will do that. So what -- an important thing for our investors to remember is we seek to generate high returns over the short, mid and long-term. And that's essentially what this plan is seeking to deliver.
John Greene: Yes, happy to, John. So, a few points. So, we're in a significantly different environment today than we were back in 2018 and 2019. So, we're coming off of two years of abnormally low losses, so sub 2%. We had an incredibly high payment rate in -- going back two years ago, that is normalized. What we're seeing is that consumers had significant amount of savings. Those savings levels have been depleted. You had a spending pattern with the consumers across the Board that was reflecting kind of pent-up demand. And as savings rate came down, the consumers needed to adjust their spending patterns. Some did successfully, some not. And then you're also seeing inflation, if you go back 1.5 years or two years ago, inflation significantly outpacing wage growth. And that put certainly the lower quartile of the consumers in a significant amount of stress and that's across all sectors of the economy. So not specifically to our prime revolver segment. And on top of that, you also had in '21 and '22, two very large vintages. And so you put all those together, what naturally is going to happen is you're going to have charge-offs. What I'll say is peak before they normalize back to levels that you're accustomed to seeing from Discover. So my sense is that given real wage growth, our consumers will end up in, frankly, a better spot in '24 and '25 than they were in '22 and '23. And our charge-off forecast and reserves reflect a view that the consumers will manage through this and delinquency formation will continue to slow. So anyway, I hope that -- hopefully, this color is helpful.
John Greene: Yes. The only piece of information I'm going to give is in the fourth quarter, we expect student loan charge-offs to be significantly lower because we’re exiting.
