Roger Hochschild: Hey, Sanjay its Roger. I'll cover the first part and then pass it to John. So in the reserve we – I think took a conservative approach and use the – an economic outlook that was considerably worse than the end of Q1. Under CECL, as you know, right that is reserved for the life of loan for the loans we have on our balance sheet. And so further reserve increases would mean that we add further deterioration in the economic environment or would be based on the growth of the balance sheet as we look ahead. And I'll pass it to John for the second one.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So I was going to say in my 20 plus years at Discover, I've seen a lot of things, but I've never seen anything like this in terms of this speed and magnitude of the impact the pandemic has had on the economy. I don't think any of us in business has seen this. Nevertheless, I feel like we were very, very well positioned for this going in, and I think over the long-term what you've seen is really an acceleration of some trends that were already there. So the migration out of branch to digital channels, which again as always been part of our business mode. Consumers shifting from physical to digital purchases and there I think our advantage of having our proprietary network and the work we're doing with other major networks on SRC will be helpful. For a physical purchases, the shift to contact less, so those are really some trends that have been there, but have accelerated in a very significant way as a result of the COVID pandemic.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. And in terms of gaining share, I think it's never too early to think about that. It feels like we're gaining share in the card business in terms of loans and sales this quarter, from what I've seen from competitors reporting, and that's within the significantly tightened credit box that we have. One of the capabilities we've been working on is, is just the ability to react more quickly and that helped us react very quickly to the pandemic in terms of tightening credit across our products. But that should also help when job losses abate and it becomes time to widen the credit box as well. So we feel good about our capabilities and our ability to gain share across all of our products.
Roger Hochschild: Moshe, thanks for the question. So, and it's a great question, and honestly it's a bit of art and science. So what we have seen in terms of customers exiting is about 80% of those customers are making payments and is – and close to 80% of those are making full payments. So we're feeling very good about the customers coming out of the programs. Now to be honest, those segments inherently are likely to be a little bit more risky. So we continue to watch the differentiation on customers who elected to enter into one of the Skip-a-Pay programs to see if there's any potential issue, but as you step back from it, the overall size of the portfolio versus the customers who have elected to go into Skip-a-Pay program relatively small, right? So...
Roger Hochschild: So we're looking at the impact as very, very mild. The delinquency trends have been, from my standpoint very, very encouraging and I think that's, that's a function of some of the government stimulus, function of our collections operations and the value of a credit card overall versus other payment forms or other payment forms as well as what it means in terms of ability to operate in the digital economy. So we like the fact that our portfolio has a high concentration of credit cards, and we also think that we'll come here to the top on the payment prioritization through even a tough downturn.
Roger Hochschild: So let me start by talking a bit about the unemployment rate and then I'll pass it to John to talk on the reserves. I think the unemployment rate we're seeing now is very different. And we've talked a bit about temporary unemployment, as well as the impact on sort of entry level retail, entry level hospitality, entry level restaurant. And so you can't map total unemployment to loses and a prime card base the way that you saw that pattern in last downturn. And so things like permanent unemployment, you need to adjust to that. And so we're not just looking at the raw unemployment numbers as we do our modeling. I'll pass to John to talk a bit about the reserve.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean, I think, as you think about the importance of the government programs, it's less about the $1,200 check that a family gets as you think about life of loan losses and what that will support. It's really the impact of those on the overall economy and keeping the trough from being too deep. So to John's point, we really think about it just in terms of at a macro level as opposed to what those checks may do in one month for a given household.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, we’ve been pleased with how – actually, how the balance sheet has come together. Certainly, the asset side has been strong as we talked about in the prepared comments. On the liability side, we've seen great appetite on our – for our deposit products, which is positive. We have also been able to avoid wholesale funding. We're not looking to substantially change any of the duration of any of the liabilities that we see on the balance sheet. We've effectively added interest rate, basically a balanced interest rate risk position. So we're feeling good about that.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So we're seeing that the portfolio continues to be really, really stable, as I said. The payment programs, we saw obviously, the disclosed level of entries into the programs and then a surprisingly high number from our perspective exiting after one payment, which to me was a good sign. As they exited, the payment percentage or payment rate of those customers has held up very, very strong. So we're comfortable with that. So if you just look at where we are as of June 30 and then just do a kind of straight role model it out, it's hard to see any massive increases in charge-offs for the balance of the year even if things deteriorate from the consumer standpoint. So that means what we're likely to see is charge-offs grow through the year slowly and then, I wouldn't call it a bulge, but a higher level of overall charge-offs in the middle to second half of 2021. Now that's what – that's how we're seeing it today. I certainly would caveat that and say that consumer behavior is really difficult to predict here in a time such as this. Sorry, I can't be more specific on that.
John Greene: Yes. So Sanjay, just to echo those comments, we feel very good about the overall reserve and the conservative approach we took especially given when you look at the overall portfolio performance that we've seen today and actions we've taken backs as far as 2017 on the personal loans business. So overall we feel very comfortable with our reserve today. And as the economic conditions unfold, that'll have an impact either plus or minus on the overall reserve. The forbearance programs have acted exactly as we had hoped. They've helped some customers managed through the pandemic and as I said in my prepared remarks, most – the high majority of the people who entered the card program have exited and are repaying. So a very, very mild impact to delinquency reporting as well.
John Greene: Yes. So it's actually relatively small and the delinquency numbers somewhere between 5 basis points and 10 basis points.
John Greene: And Bob, in terms of the sales trends, we haven't – we haven't broken it down out between brick-and-mortar and online. But what I – what I can point you to is retail in my prepared comments in terms of the growth we've seen there, a lion's share of that has been as a result of online retailers and you know the major players there, which is driving I’ll say further demise of the brick-and-mortar retailers and accelerating the digital channel for card. Things that Discover offers in terms of the network and our secure remote commerce that we're working on, all those will position us well for that growing trend.
John Greene: Okay. So when I start with NIM question? So in the first quarter, our NIM was 10.21%, and then in the second quarter it came down to 9.81%. I'm not going to give a bunch of detail here, but what I can say is, we look at the second quarter as likely the trough on NIM overall. What we've been able to do is execute pretty well in terms of deposit pricing and our funding stack has meant such that more expensive funding sources are fading away, and we're getting a benefit there. So since the pandemic, just to give you some details we decreased our online savings by about 60 basis points. That's an immediate benefit to net interest margin in the company. And then through the balance of the year, we're going to continue to look for opportunities. So some of that will be based on the funding of our balance sheet, and some of it will be based on the competitive environment that we're dealing with.
John Greene: And then Betsy, just one other piece and it's a relatively important difference here when you go back in time on the great recession versus where we are today. So, the overall the industry, the quality of the originations is much better today than it was at the great recession or prior to that. In general, higher FICOS across every single form of lending product. Delinquency levels coming into the recession – this recession versus the Great Recession are lower. Consumer financial obligation load is significantly lower today than it was coming into the Great Recession and debt service load was also lower today. So the consumer is stronger coming into this recession than coming into the Great Recession. The traditional links between unemployment and delinquency and charge-offs, we're trying to model that. It's really hard to nail that down right now, given all the government stimulus. But overall, as I look at where we are today and based on our underwriting and where card loan comes into payment priorities, I feel like we're very, very well positioned versus where the company was coming into the Great Recession. And then we also talked about inactive lines. We've taken inactive lines down nearly numbers close to $70 billion. So we're prepared for the worst, but I feel like we're in a better position.
John Greene: Yes. We didn't actually quantify that. But as we were making determinations on economic scenarios and frankly, the overall quantum of reserves and reserve coverage, it was a point that helped us get to where we arrived.
John Greene: Okay. So a tricky question. So I'll start with how we're expecting delinquencies and charge-offs to roll in. So as I said earlier, the books held up really, really well. Delinquency levels have come down. We do think some of that is as a result of stimulus. We also feel like our teams are doing a great job in terms of interacting with our customer base to help the customers get through tough times, those that are experiencing some trouble. The trajectory of charge-offs, based on what we're seeing right now, looks like we would expect elevated charge-offs starting more in the fourth quarter and then coming into 2021. Frankly, it's tough to call right now because we're modeling out unprecedented scenarios here. But I think a good way to think about it is charge-offs elevating in 2021, perhaps peaking in the later part of 2021, depending on the economic scenario that we're dealing with and then starting to tail off in 2022. In terms of delinquency, delinquency will – we think will start to tick up in the fourth quarter, perhaps as early as the third quarter, but we're not seeing any indicators yet and then continue into 2021. In terms of the government programs, we did nothing in our modeling to reflect what's been kicked around right now in Washington in terms of the next round of stimulus. So I think that could certainly push out the curve a little bit in terms of both delinquency and charge-offs.
John Greene: Yes, so I would guide you to sort of looking back over the last 10 years where you've seen a very clear strategy from Discover. Given the high returns we generate from our business, an important part of how we manage capital is returning it to shareholders in the form of a dividend, and we've had historically a measured increase to those dividends as well as buying back stock. And we're very disciplined and, to a lesser extent, involved in M&A. So that's what we like to do. I would say until the environment improves, it's quite safe to expect continued heavy regulatory focus on return of capital. And so we will have to adjust our strategies accordingly. Certainly, if they keep going with the four quarters rule, that's something that – again, it will depend going forward, but that's something that we've looked at. But I think we're going to watch and work with our regulators on this, but management's intent is unchanged. And so we'll have to see how it goes.
