David Nelms: Well, to answer your second question we are not prepared to revise our 2% to 5% long-term target. I mean I am certainly pleased that we actually were a bit above that target this quarter. And I mean you’ve just seen our various competitors announce and I’d say generally I certainly didn’t see that much signs of acceleration across the industry. So I think we continue to gain market share. So I would say that you mentioned the success of Discover IT, that is certainly contributing. But some of the other things that are contributing are lower charge-offs, less attrition, some wallet share build with existing customers as they respond to many programs and higher levels of service, as well as I mentioned growing – putting on more new accounts, and we are getting loans on the new accounts. So I think we are kind of hitting on all cylinders and it’s showing up in loan growth. And we also saw our sales growth accelerate to 6% this quarter which is the best in a number of quarters.
David Nelms: But to answer your seasonal question you’ve seen as in year ago, this was a fairly light quarter and then we tended to pick up more moving in to the holidays. And we’d expect to do the same this year. 
David Nelms: I’d say overall the quality is quite consistent.Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you.
David Nelms: Well, I am not exactly sure what you are looking at but from our biggest competitors what I’m seeing is that American express is the only large competitor that’s growing close to our levels and the other largest issuers are sort of plus or minus 2% kind of ranges. So I am not seeing an overall industry pick-up to sort of our levels of growth. So it looks – the industry as a whole looks pretty flat. I mean maybe the industry has moved from minus 1% to plus 1% or something but it’s still darn near flat and so I am very pleased with our 6% growth with a flat industry.
David Nelms: It has, the last two months of the quarter and then continuing into this month are pretty consistent with that 6% overall quarter year-over-year. So feeling good about seeing a little higher growth sustaining for now.
David Nelms: Yeah, I think there is bunch of moving pieces in there David. What I would say is I think an immediate parallel shock of 100 basis points to rates produces something on the order of $130 million roughly was our last quarterly disclosure. We’ll obviously update in our new Q as well. The vast majority of the loan book is floating. The card book floats at this point in time. Some of the student loans effects and the personal loans as well. So I don’t have the exact rate down at my fingertips but the vast majority of the book is a floating rate book.
David Nelms: Yeah. I think the one thing we have talked about and I think we just need to continue being transparent about is if you want to continue driving sales growth at some point in time there probably is a cap on some of your floating loans some of the card, right if you are going to charge 40% for cards you are not going to get a lot of field usage but we’re far, far away from when we think that begins to kick in.
David Nelms: Yeah, I might comment that we expect some positive operating leverage but probably more modest than what you just cited and I think that one of the things Mark just talked about taking expenses down in for instance home loans and that sort of a one-time event that’s impacting us benefiting us if you will at this time but on the flip side we’ve got higher regulatory related cost and so I think the way to think about it is we’ve established 38% efficiency margin and we expect to roughly maintain that. It could possibly go the other way at some point because if we see great marketing opportunities we might choose to go the other way. So we are not promising positive operating margin or operating leverage whatever but if we get off that track it will be for a good reason and for a limited period of time.
David Nelms: You know it’s typically in the cost per new account or cost per incremental marketing effort relative to the loan balances and spending and credit performance that you get.
David Nelms: Our line increased strategy hasn’t changed material over the last couple of years.Robert Napoli – William Blair & Co.: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
David Nelms: Well, I think that it’s more a factor of the fact that we focus on direct banking and on more profitable products. And so I think that if you compare our card yield to other card yields we still look attractive for one reason. We don’t charge off as much interest as competitors with higher loan losses but it’s a lot closer. And as we have expanded into other businesses student loans are – is a lower yields than other unsecured loan types but it’s still above secured loan types such as mortgages. Personal loan also tends to be below card but still it’s a lot closer to card than other banking products. So one of the direct banking strategy has a lot of benefits picking and choosing which products you offer and which you don’t is one of those and we have been judicious in that. I guess the final thing I’d say is where else we have been disciplined. We’re disciplined on our use of promotional rates. We’re disciplined on focusing on revolvers and if you have lot of transactors in your book you tend to suppress the yield because you have zero earning assets in there and we’ve been judicious on credit because writing [enough] interest also deducts from that yield.
David Nelms: I think we’ve said overtime that, that could fit the strategy if we ever found an appropriate entry path but the entry paths are very limited and we have not seen any to-date. So I would think about that as opportunistic. Could it happen someday, yes but it may never happen and it’s not a critical product in the way that direct check-in or even some of our mortgage products are to thinking about being a leader in direct banking. It’s more of a nice to have if an opportunity ever happens, but private label has had a rebound of late but still if you look at the long term it’s not necessarily growing relative to general purpose cards and it’s a more limited market sized in general purpose cards and so I think there is only room for a more limited set of competitors to offer that kind of product.
David Nelms: I actually don’t remember that comment. I think we certainly have talked about continuing to enhance and differentiate our core card products and I feel very good about Discover It which is our flagship product, the free FICA scores have been very well received by consumers and not widely copied by competitors. In fact I think we’re still the only one to offer it on the statements. We’ve added some security features that are somewhat unique in the industry as an example. We’ve put in the ability for consumers to turn their card on or off with a flick of a button online if for instance they misplaced their card which I am not familiar with other competitors having that. We’ve continue to enhance the rewards program as well. So we’ve, I think what you heard at the Investor Day was us talking about our focus on good credit quality revolvers and that one of the things that differentiates us is it seems like a number of our competitors are really chasing transactors that look good in today’s rate environment but is not typically driving revenue and that’s one of the reasons you’ve seen in our revenue go up and other card companies go down in revenue because the transactors simply don’t produce as much revenue.Craig Maurer – Credit Agricole Securities: Okay. Thank you.
David Nelms: I would say our loan growth continues to be quite balanced. We are getting loan growth from new customers. We are also retaining customers and getting higher level of activation and engagement out of existing customers. So we have not done anything dramatically differentially in teaser rates. One way you can see that if you haven’t seen a big change in yield. And so pricing has held up even as growth has held up and even accelerated a bit. So we are constantly testing, adjusting by retaining a very disciplined and balanced loan growth and we have not – in our opinion the quick change your credit or change your pricing could drive a spurt of growth but is not – is easier to execute but the executing a differentiated strategy with all of our customer service, onshore, inside that company better service levels that drive better retention of balances is the way to get both good credit results, good yield and loan growth overtime which ultimately leads to profits.
David Nelms: Sure I mentioned you know we launched cash back checking last year in a limited cross-sell and what we told everyone at the Investor Day is that we really wanted to get our core banking system in place before we started to really scale that. I mention that we put that in successfully during Memorial Day so we really feel good that it’s going in well and so we are just about a point that it will start ramping up but will be ramping up in a cross-sell manner. We – there is a new system has allowed us some new capabilities to make it easier to offer to most of our current base and obviously with a large customer base that represents about a quarter of U.S. household that will be the place that cross sell will be the most cost effective to expand it from this point. We have not yet made a decision as to when we are going to launch beyond our current customer base. It’s entirely possible that the rest of this year we are going to focus on and expand cross sell and it maybe next year before we go broad market but stay tuned for that.Jason Arnold – RBC Capital Markets: Terrific, thanks a lot.
David Nelms: Yes, I would say there is a couple of different things taking place there. First of all as we did a re-class of certain merchant fees in the first quarter so a part of is being is reflective of that re-class that was done. The second piece of the puzzle I would say is just the spend mix over the course of the quarter and the spending tilted more toward merchants with higher discount rates this quarter and a way for merchants who have lower discount rates. So, I would say that tends to move back and forth quarter year-over-year. It feels like MDR is in a decent range at this point in time.
David Nelms: Yes, all right. I was just going to say if you take credit out of the equation yield feels pretty stable. Just look at the ALM positioning we have had for the company we positioned ourselves to absorb the initial phases of rate shocks to our funding cost base. We continue as I mentioned in my commentary in the margin we continue to push out our funding, extending maturities fixing rates positioning ourselves for that so the funding cost component a yield feels pretty good. The actual card yield itself feels pretty good the actual asset yield themselves feel pretty good the stated yield on the product. So it’s really just the interest charge-offs that are the other piece of variability. I would say if you exclude them, feel very stable.
David Nelms: But that would come through the charge-off line as opposed to the stated yield in the asset or the funding.
David Nelms: Yes, I think that we’ve typically referred to the big six because that includes us because there has been such a big gap between the six of us and the next one. We have increasingly started tracking Wells Fargo to a much greater degree. They are growing faster by rate from a smaller base. And I would expect that to continue. And I think over time we may get to a point where we talk about the big seven as opposed to the big six. That being said, it’s branch-driven. I think it’s probably a wider credit box than we have, they are not national. So we are not bumping up against them in national Internet and direct mail campaigns to as much degree. We are not bumping in with them with national advertising the way we are with really most of the big six. But still they will, as they take share of the total market they will become more of a player. So I expect that it’s likely to may be impact the other branch banks more because they are following that strategy. But it will also have some competitive impact on us.
David Nelms: Well, I think we could see some acceleration from the really non growth today that we are seeing. I continue to believe that it will accelerate to be roughly in line with GDP. And so low double-digits, may be not 5%. Even a couple of percent growth would be a meaningful change from where this industry has been. And I think what’s driving that is, I think the de-leveraging is largely complete with consumers and competitive changes in the market place. And then I would expect credit card to grow more with the economy with incomes, with retail sales. And I don’t see – if you look at the times when the industry grew really fast historically it was when balance transfer was introduced or when credit was standard for reduced. And I don’t see either of those trends happening to have a fundamental change going forward.
David Nelms: All right. Thank you everyone. As a reminder the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any additional questions. Have a good night.
Mark Graf: Yeah. I would not interpret it as conservative guidance. I would say I feel really good about that guidance. The area of 1% is the right way to think about it. If anything Mark for the year it may trend up a basis points or two higher than that. So I would say it remains good guidance.
Mark Graf: I don’t have it at my fingertips. We can follow-up and get that to you.Eric Wasserstrom – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah, thanks very much.
Mark Graf: Yeah, right. I would say, I would expect flattish is the right way to think about it from where we sit right now for the remainder of the year. I think there are some puts and takes in there. I think from a loan yield standpoint I think flattish is the way to think about that one. I think we have a little bit less funding cost tail wind, if you will in terms of the maturities that are rolling off and little less pick-up on some of this going forward. But I would say we actually would have some margin expansion this quarter just to be transparent with our investor base. I think we had three basis points of sequential contraction that’s because we chose to take some of the goodness we’re seeing right now and use that to position ourselves to perform well when the environment turns and you have a rising rate situation is well. So we consciously did some of that and I would except you might see us do a little bit more of that as the year goes on. So I would stick to the flattish NIM guidance as you look to the year.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I would think about recoveries in two different buckets Ryan. The first bucket is what I’ll call the recoveries on the pool of charge-offs from the recession, right. And as we have said before we have continued to realize that recoveries off that bucket for a much longer period of time then you would following a normal downturn. Usually by the time you’re 24 months past a charge-off your recoveries have really peaked and they tail off pretty quickly thereafter. And we’re five years past that point in time and recoveries are still coming off that book and I would say they’re coming at a – they’re attriting at a much lower rate than we would have guessed as you pointed out. So overtime clearly that’s a finite book, it will attrite, right. So I would over time it’s happening slower than we expected but that attrition will take place. Then you have to look at the new charge-offs that are flowing into the pipe, if you will to refill that bucket and I think it’s a really good thing that we don’t have many of them today. So the fact that we are just not charging-off a lot gives you limited potential for recoveries against a much smaller book of charged-off accounts. So the recovery rate itself when you pass it up a new charge-offs is very good as it’s ever been, the recovery rate on that static pool from the crisis will attrite overtime.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I would say $3.3 billion still feels like a good number on the full year. There is some definitely some seasonality in the expense base, there is no question about that and there is some back end load. I would say with respect to the mortgage company specifically I feel like we have taken the right actions there at this point in time to position that business. Well it’s still burning a little bit of money but not a real measureable amount to be honest, at least not anything that shows up at the top of the company in a meaningful way and we are continuing to work on positioning the longer term strategy with respect to that business within Discover but I feel like we have taken the action that needed to take there.
Mark Graf: The way I would think about it is to really look at the fact that we’ve been investing pretty heavily over the course of the last couple of years, take advantage of the goodness in the environment. So part of some of the negative operating leverage you’ve seen over the course of last couple of years has really been driven by that fact. I can assure you that David is laser focused on positive operating leverage and making sure that revenue growth outpaces expense growth over the long run. I think there is quarters where we will, there is quarters where we won’t by virtue of what’s taking place in that given quarter. So I would say we will anchor to that efficiency ratio but we are always striving for positive operating leverage in the business model.
Mark Graf: Yeah, it’s great cost effective funding for us to issue a card ABS. What I would say is we have a significant excess of receivables in the trust overall we need for the planned issuances at this point in time and that’s why you haven’t seen it contribute any new assets for the trust in extended period of time. So when we get into – should we get into a situation where we, we would be running up against capacities, we’d obviously be willing to consider putting more receivables in.
Mark Graf: Well I think we have a disciplined approach to thinking about marginal cost and marginal benefit and we look at that across all of our businesses and across of our programs. And so we think that we’re at a pretty optimal point here and, and so at the margin, we think we have diminished, you know payback from incremental investments and, and that we’ve actually been able to focus as much on a fixed efficiency and effectiveness to outgrow the industry, not doing flips in the industry. And I think what you spend in marketing maybe it’s important but what your product is, the service the back seat that rewards program how good you are at direct marketing and of course we focus all of our efforts on direct, we don’t have channel comp liquid branches and all that. Those things are just as important. So we’re constantly evaluating incremental opportunities and killing things that aren’t payback and adding things to do.
Mark Graf: And the, single factor is what categories are we promoting and we tend to you saw last year we promoted online thing, and big categories like online and department stores therein times and people are doing their holiday shopping and such and then will typically do things like gas programs during the summer and so on but that still tends to a smaller overall category.
Mark Graf: Yeah. I think you should rightly assume the vast majority of it, the vast majority of it is variable, that’s the right way to think about it.
Mark Graf: Why don’t I start the answer that one and then I’ll pass it over to David for more specifics. First of all why we ended up buying a little bit less this quarter I would say Bob we haven’t got into the habit of talking about when we’re in the market, when we’re out of the market, why or how much. So I prefer not to get selective on that. I’d rather just say we’re going to – our plan is to take out the $1.6 billion over the course of the four quarter rolling period. I would say with respect to our approach and our appetite for M&A I would just remind you before I pass things to David, our capital prioritization stack, it’s first and foremost organic growth. It’s secondly returning it to shareholders which as you rightly point out under the current CCAR process is somewhat constrained these days. Third, it would be financially attractive portfolio acquisitions. They’ve got to be financially attractive because by definition they are tied to their portfolios, so I would say that would be a piece of the puzzle. And then fourth on that prioritization list would be M&A because you introduce the key man retention risk, the diligence risk the integration risk all those other different pieces of puzzle that the others don’t bring forth. So that’s why we’re pretty disciplined around the way we look at M&A, in terms of what we might be willing to consider David I’ll pass that to you for…
Mark Graf: I would use 37.5% as a good estimate for the effective tax rate in the second-half. We always have as any large company does open matters before various taxing authorities and so the possibility always exists but I am not banking on any, how about that.
Mark Graf: And remember that’s stable in the shorter-term, we still think over the longer-term we would expect credit to normalize somewhat and then that would push the yields down closer to the levels that we have talked about in the past.
