David Nelms: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As Craig mentioned we will be holding our annual financial community update tomorrow afternoon, so we would like to keep this conference call fairly brief and focus specifically on first quarter results. We will leave most of our customary comments on the environment and the outlook for the business for tomorrow’s meeting. The bottom-line this quarter was a loss of $0.22 per share including the $305 million reserve addition we announced last week. This reserve increase had the effect of bringing reserve coverage to approximately 12 months. Our results this quarter suggests a reversal of some of the adverse trends we had seen over the prior five quarters as the economy deteriorated. In particular, I am very pleased that this is the first full quarter since the third quarter of 2008 that we grew Discover Card sales volume year-over-year. In addition, total 30 plus delinquency dollars in our portfolio is now at the lowest level and over a year. And we believe that the dollars of delinquency may have peaked in the fourth quarter. Our total charge-off rate in the first quarter came in at the low end of our guidance and we expect the charge-offs will start to decline in the second quarter. As we said in our press release we are now expecting second quarter charge-offs to come in between 8% and 8.5%. In terms of other underlying trends in our business, Discover Card sales volume growth of 5% year-over-year is something I feel very good about. Our total loan portfolio was down about 2% year-over-year, as we continue to see modest reductions in our credit card portfolio, driven by reductions in lower rate balance transfer volume, almost entirely offset by growth in student and personal loans. Our direct-to-consumer deposit business achieved another $2.3 billion of growth this quarter, bringing total balances at the end of the quarter to almost $15 billion. And just last week, we added another billion dollars of savings account deposits, as a result of the portfolio acquisition from ETrade. That’s not included in the $15 billion. In our Payments business, we achieved our highest quarterly profits to-date of 37 million and had positive trends in network dollar volumes, including the meaningful level of inbound sales volume generated through our partnership with JCB. We are also continuing to make important progress in expanding our global platform. For example, we announced a new network-to-network relationship with BC Card of Korea earlier in the quarter. BC Card is the largest domestic network in South Korea with the 11 member banks and over 50 million cards running on their domestic network. Earlier this week, we announced an important merchant acquiring agreement with global payments, which will further expand our acceptance in the UK, Western Europe, Hong Kong, India and Taiwan. As you saw in our press release we do look forward to repaying the TARP CPP investment in the second quarter. Let me reiterate that we do not expect to need to issue equity for the repayment, although we do expect to issue about 350 million of Tier 2 qualifying capital and we will talk a little bit further about that. I want to take a moment now to acknowledge the tremendous response of our card members and employees to the terrible tragedy in Haiti. Our card members donated almost $3 million of their cash back bonus awards and together with employee donations and company contributions we have donated a total of $4 million to the Red Cross to help the people of Haiti. I am very proud to be associated with customers and employees who care so much for their fellow human beings. Let me close this portion of the call by saying that we will continue to build on our strong foundation and invest in the Discover franchise. And we believe that we are very well-positioned to benefit from the continued improvement in the U.S. economy. We look forward to our meeting tomorrow where we will share with you a comprehensive look at our plans to take the business forward. Now I would like to ask Roy to take you through the key elements of our first quarter results.
David Nelms: And Sanjay in terms of card portfolio growth, we will be providing further long-term thoughts on portfolio growth tomorrow, but I do not expect the card loans this year to be higher, but I do expect sales to be higher. And part of what happened with our marketing spend is that we accelerated some spend into the fourth quarter of last year, I think that’s part of the reason in addition to higher gas prices and some economic stabilization that you saw the sales grow or sales grow nicely 5% this quarter. But, if you were able to look underneath our receivables, what you will see is our retail loans are actually stable to growing now. But, with balance transfer volumes and still down over 50%, that continues to have a cumulative effect of lower overall receivables even as sales grow. On top of that, we’ve had to make some adjustments for the Card Act. We still got charge-offs that come off the top on receivables, and one of the unknowns is the effect of the Card Act new disclosures, because some of the new disclosures just look scary. And quickly, some consumers to pay down their credit cards a bit. So, we really don’t know how that will play out, but the big driver is lower balance transfers leading to lower card receivables this year.
David Nelms: And I will just address the question on late fees. We really don’t know yet how that’s going to conclude. We’re now going into a common period. There has been a lot of data requests of the industry. And there are some pieces that are known. A lot of the known pieces are frankly things that won’t have a big impact on us, for instance, the restrictions on contingent annual fees or inactivity fees or things that we didn’t do, don’t do anyway but for us the main thing will be how does the late fee part come out. I’m encouraged by the fact that both costs and the deterrent importance of late fees have been cited as being recognized an important, but how we quantify that as an industry and so on and what the final rules will determine the impact on late fees. But it will probably be a couple months before we get a better handle for that.David Hochstim – Buckingham Research Group: Okay, thanks.
David Nelms: For the most part, I’d say, yes, they’re doing exactly what one would expect. There are really around six competitors that represent the vast majority of the business now and so I think they’re all big sophisticated players. They all recognize that there’s a certain ROA hurdle and are adapting the business model to be in accordance with the Card Act, but one that is still sustainable going forward. And so when you look around of what people are doing, setting in adequate price upfront, since you need to live with it over time now, having shorter durations on balance transfers, with balance transfer fees to adjust for the change in payment, hierarchy with certain changes the economics of balance transfers and promo rates, and they’re being I’d say generally, careful on credit to make sure that they’re making good decisions. So I don’t see sort of irrational competitors the way this industry might have had on occasion ten years ago.
David Nelms: If I could maybe just add, clearly, as the federal loans, some or lot of those move off the balance sheet later this year that mix will go back obviously to, much more I think credit card loans and personal loans. And I think on the credit cards, while I do expect credit card loans to shrink this year, because as they have already done, the reasons I cited, we’ll talk tomorrow about the fact that we do expect that after this year, we’ll be start growing not only sales as we’re growing now, but also we turn to receivables won’t grow. And we think that we’re not counting on a lot of industry growth, but we expect that we’re going to be able to continue gaining market share, because of our growing acceptance, our cash back products and some of the other things we hear about tomorrow.
David Nelms: Well, I think that we will again address more this tomorrow but normally one would see the credit cards grow during the year. But you see that we’ve actually reduced our credit card loans and I think even if you sort of assume that they roughly stabilize, you are going to see continued year-over-year decline in credit card loans. But we are not expecting a real large further fall off. We’re just not expecting them to grow the way they have in some past years. And I think if I answer the Teaser Rate question that will help you see what’s happened. We previously announced that we had about 20% of our loans at the beginning of last year on promotional rate balance transfers and we ended this past quarter, we were somewhere around 10%. And so if you simply take 10% fewer balance transfer loans off, you see that that accounts for the entire shrinkage of the credit card portfolio. So, what I would guide you toward for this year, is to focus on sales growth and we are going to be focusing primarily, on marketing expenses that will grow credit card sales and that we think goes into the long-term franchise and after this reset year, we think it will cause both sales and receivables to start growing again from this sort of reset base after adapting for Card Act and the change and balance transfers.
David Nelms: Well, we never fully exited and I don’t think the market should fully change it adapted. So, we are out there with shorter durations, and we have fees, and we’ve got price points that we think are profitable, and so we made the adjustment a few quarters ago, it had somewhat of a cumulative effect we’re still seeing that impact, but we made the change and we’re just moving forward with, we never fully exited the promotional way, we do it where makes economic sense.
David Nelms: No, I wouldn’t say so. I would say, we evaluate the economics of balance transfers and it’s a little bit different for new accounts versus the current accounts and when we anticipated the payment hierarchy changes coming, we immediately adopted our models to work under the new construct and we’ve operated on that ever since and we constantly test hundreds of different kinds of offers for new accounts and current accounts every month, and then we adapt to what makes the most sense for us economically. So I would say it’s affected by competitors because the response rates to those offers may vary both based on consumer behavior and competitor behavior. But we are setting our own prices that we think work as opposed to looking at what someone else is doing and copying it.
David Nelms: We don’t forecast our external anyway the receivables on a quarter-by-quarter. But if you look at our year-over-year change this quarter, it was a little more than last quarter but you might just consider that to be in the ball park of what we might expect the rest of this year. But it is going to vary by response rates and opportunities on the balance transfer side, how much sales stick, what the impact of the Card Act is on the new disclosures, etc., so, I wouldn’t want to get overly precise on it.Rick Shane – Jefferies and Co: Okay, great, thank you very much.
David Nelms: Yes. I think in total it will help our yield a bit and it will hurt our charge-off rate a bit just because of the denominators and the differences in those businesses. It’s one reason that we’re providing more and more reporting around the card as well as the personal and student loans to help with that.
David Nelms: Okay, so the way I would think about it is non-interest income has been going up for years and that is continuing because on an average sales have tended to rise faster than balances for many years. And so effectively interchange, income as a percentage of receivables has been rising for the past at least 10 years. And so that’s a trend that has not abated even during the financial changes and I think while clearly, net interest spread is the most important contribution to our revenues, fees because of merchandize spend has become a much bigger deal than it used to be to us, which I think is a good thing.
David Nelms: Well, if you look at what’s happened since we bought PULSE we’ve gained a good amount of market share. And this quarter and last quarter we did sight that that there was one large customer loss that was affecting us negatively, but I think if you look at PULSE specifically and the fact that our transactions were up 5% and even our dollar volume was still up and the fact that we earn more money partly because of higher margin business at PULSE and other networks, says that if you were able to adjust for that one loss, we’ve actually more than fill that loss. So I feel very good about how we added customers we announced the extension of some major customers during the quarter, and so I feel good about what we have been able to accomplish at PULSE, and I think that especially after we get through the adjustment period of that one customer that we will start showing growth rates that are more like we showed for the last three years.
David Nelms: I would say that we are not particularly exposed to any one large customer from this point forward. We announced during the quarter that we renewed Woodforest Bank and that’s certainly one of our largest single customers, so, we’re pleased with that. And one of the great things that we like about PULSE is that with 4400 institutions and particularly a strong market position we think we are the market leader with all the medium and smaller banks and credit unions that were not particularly exposed. So I’d l say, no, we don’t think that we’re particularly exposed to a large loss in the near future.
Roy Guthrie: Okay, I think as you brought it up, Sanjay, I want to make sure everyone is very clear we had a 14.5 billion in cash on our balance sheet as we opened this first quarter. And obviously, in the fourth quarter, had to fund that, so, cash in our way of thinking is over-borrowing and leads to higher interest expense. We maintained most of that during the course of the first quarter, finished the first quarter with $12.7 billion of cash. And, as I said, you should expect to see us draw that down as well with this large maturity profile in the second quarter. And so, as we draw that down we’re doing that, we’re basically redeeming debt or paying debt down. And you’re seeing less interest expense result from that. So as that liquidity portfolio, sort of resumes to its more normal levels of $8 billion to $9 billion level you saw last year, you will see the interest expense associated with those elevated levels of cash also fall in turn. So, again $14.5 billion in the first quarter, $12.5 here in the second quarter, and I would expect to see that drop in the area of $3 billion to $4 billion during this quarter, as we use it against the maturities I talked about. Also in terms of marketing expense, I highlight that, because I think we have seen a little volatility here, where we saw low spend in our third quarter of last year, elevated spend in the fourth quarter and now low expenses again. So with that volatility, I think a little guidance is probably warranted. And I think given the strong feelings we have about what’s happening in the market and the constructive tones beginning to set, we’re guiding folks back to a level above where we are and more like what we saw in the fourth quarter for the rest of this year, as we seize opportunities in the marketplace. And that’s just to sort of take some of the noise out of up and down and exactly where its going, maybe David could give you his sense of the market itself, but that’s the guidance what I was trying to provide you in my formal remarks.
Roy Guthrie: Yes, David, it’s Roy. I think the principle thing, lot of what you heard David talk about in terms of shrinking our balance, promotional rate balances in the portfolio is in large part complete. What we see going forward is basically the curtailment of default pricing that automatically occurred and now it’s subject to restrictions in the new Card Act. And so, that is something that will begin obviously cycles after February 22nd, so, let’s say from March 1st forward, we’d expect to get introduced into the portfolio over the rest of this year before it starts to get into more of a steady state environment.
Roy Guthrie: There was no allocation that went in there. We’ve talked about this a lot, Mike, that there’s little things can happen in the Payment segment that can create this kind of volatility and I try to cite that a little bit around where we saw revenue and expense line itself to create this record quarter. So, I think at the end of the day, the things that we’re doing to sort of create global acceptance have chunky expenses that occur, this has sort of been in the pattern you have seen since we initially brought Diners over and now we’re seeing some of it occur as well. It’s going to stay lumpy, it’s going to stay lumpy through the rest of this year, and that’s one of the reasons why I was trying to guide you not to annualize the first quarter in terms of income, but most of the expenses that go on in there, that are volatile revolve around interoperability. And the linkage that we’re trying to do and the bill that we’re trying to do domestically and internationally.
Roy Guthrie: Yes, Mike, I hope you can join us tomorrow. We will spend a lot of time talking about the student loan business tomorrow. So maybe I will hold as David said we would like you to attend and I will hold may be the detail for that point in time, but its important maybe to note that we would anticipate incorporating some of that east gala programs put into our second half of funding. I don’t think you need to think about it having a bubble of gains associated with it. The gain is somewhat modest. But we will be fully participating in that given the way we see the government TALF program sort of evolving. So we’ve qualified ourselves, we’ve obviously stayed pretty much in touch with the program and we will use it to its fullest advantage depending on where the industry is at that moment in time.
Roy Guthrie: Okay, again, we will get into some of the specifics top-line around both personal loan and the private student loans tomorrow. They do yield, obviously, what you see there is a more conservative underwriting and lower top-line revenue. And that’s one of the reasons why you see the mix attributes of our top-line being depressed as we introduce personal loans and private student loans at a lower yield. The returns that we target on those products though, are as high or higher than historically we have achieved in the credit card business. And again that’s an important subject that we’re going to try to address front end center tomorrow around those two products because those are to a certain extent the future of diversification at this moment away from credit card, not turning our back on credit card, but adding and complementing what we’re trying to do in the credit card business. So, what we focus on is the bottom-line associated with the product, which we think is as strong are better than the credit card business, and that’s one of the key reasons we’ve introduced such products.
Roy Guthrie: Oh sure. We had $23 million as an adjustment that flow through the other line in our expense categories there on the statistical supplement.
Roy Guthrie: Okay, well, you follow us closely, Bruce. I will let your strong comments on a lot of those things stand on their own. And I think the thing that we would sort of say is that all along we suggested when we saw the clouds part and we saw a clear path forward. That was when you would expect for us to execute this exit. And so hopefully, you have seen that that’s what we’re suggesting here, and a lot of things are happening, including the fact that we see delinquency potentially have peaked in our rear view mirror and looking forward we feel a lot better about things. Sub debt is not an area that we’re unfamiliar with. We did our banks initial public offering of debt just four months ago for 700 million in size, the bond has performed very well in the market and has left a lot of investors asking for additional volumes and I think we feel very comfortable that we will be able to come in behind that without any problem and execute what’s required to complete the exit.
Roy Guthrie: Yes, Bruce I think as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we’ve seen the competitive landscape move in a direction for broadening of loss emergence out to one year. We’ve had a lot of regulatory discussion around it as well. And I think Discover, we feel is one of the most conservative run balance sheets out there, feeling like we need to sort of stay abreast of a lot of those issues. So I think taking it upon ourselves to try to dig into as I have mentioned in my prepared remarks the current portfolio in find ways to enhance the loss emergence window to sort of capture the full 12 months forward with something that we individually took on this quarter, we didn’t borrow a technique, we didn’t necessarily match what someone else was doing. So the things that we did to accomplish that were uniquely discovered. Everybody has to do their own thing to get level comfort that they need to make sure they’re possibly reserved. I think the important thing is the point you made, and that is that we picked a time to do it when it was very clear, it wasn’t necessarily a reflection of something that was moving through the portfolio. We saw a very clear sign with this quarters reduction in 30-day balances past due, and I think you have seen us made a very clear point about that in both the release and as well as these comments here. So as to not confuse anyone as to exactly what happened with the enhancement that we made in our methodology.
Roy Guthrie: Well, Scott, I think I will echo what David said, and this is not to dodge the question, but I think there’s a time when I think we’ll feel a lot more comfortable about responding to this and that’s a time when we see more definition get created by the process that’s underway. So I’d rather not speculate and we’re pretty hypotheticals, but rather let that process sort of wind itself out and then we will be forth right in coming back to the market as we see better definition and exactly what’s going to happen and give you some quantification at that time.
Roy Guthrie: Well, again, it’s not over until it’s over. Certainly, there’s a lot of things that they’re trying to accomplish beyond restructuring legal isolation that we had prior to all this. And so we are sort of in there amongst a lot of other things that are continuously being sort of forged by this process and I think given that there was an AMPR there’s going to be an MPR that will come out. And when we see that MPR I think that gives us a little bit more transparency as to where they’re trying to get. But there’s a long leap from the AMPR to the MPR and I think I will reserve comments on this. I kind of tend to run a little bit concerned until we see better clarity although it’s difficult for me to tell you exactly what I am concerned about. I’m just looking for clarity.
Roy Guthrie: I think that’s right. In this quarter, I’ll just navigate two things, we’ve said, in this quarter; we issued a floater at LIBOR plus 65, right.
Roy Guthrie: We had 85 basis points of expense and most of our money is caught up with a two handle on it in terms of yield. So you should expect just looking at the margin, two things that we’ve done this quarter, a negative carry associated with that.
Roy Guthrie: And given where interest rates are and I think the duration by us, we put in everything we put on our balance sheet, because we’re looking for longer duration liquidity, you’re naturally going to have some negative carry associated with it. So yes, the reality is it’s got negative carry. So it’s not just interest expense, when you expenses offset by the yield on the investment, it’s still net interest expense.
