Roger Hochschild: Thank you, Eric, and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I'll begin by reviewing some of our highlights for the quarter and then discuss the regulatory matter that we've disclosed in our press release. John will then take you through the details of our second quarter results and our updated perspectives on 2023. Last night, we reported second quarter net income of $901 million or $3.54 per share. The quarter was characterized by strong asset and deposit growth, while credit is performing right in line with our expectations. Importantly, we advanced several operational priorities this quarter. One key milestone occurred in May when we relaunched our cash back debit product. We're excited by the positive early results we're seeing so far. In the first few weeks, we opened over 30,000 new accounts and plan to begin national marketing in support of this product in the fall. The relaunch advances our goal of becoming the leading direct bank and over time we expect cash back debit will be a significant entry point into the Discover franchise. We also continue to expand the Discover Global Network. This quarter, we announced five new partnerships in the Asia Pacific region and added a new partnership with Guavapay in the UK. These strategic partnerships underscore our commitment to building out our international acceptance. And lastly, we continue to invest in our human capital. We're honored to have been recognized as the 2023 Best Places to Work for People with Disabilities. This builds upon our recent recognitions as one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Best Workplaces for Parents, and Best Workplaces for Women. As you may have read in our press release last night, beginning around mid-2007, we incorrectly classified certain card accounts into our highest merchant and merchant acquirer pricing tier. We are taking actions correct this card product misclassification going forward and are preparing a program to compensate affected merchants and acquirers. While the financial impacts of this misclassification are not material, it underscored deficiencies in our corporate governance and risk management. We're in discussions with our regulators regarding these matters. We have received a proposed consent order from the FDIC in connection with consumer compliance, which does not cover the misclassification topic. We believe additional supervisory actions could occur. I want to emphasize that we take our business practices and compliance very seriously. We've made significant progress and investment in this area and look forward to working with our Board and our regulators to achieve further advancement. Now I'll hand it over to John to review our results and updated outlook in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So the FDIC matter is not linked to the misclassification. And so the misclassification is a separate issue. The FDIC matter is broadly around our compliance management system. It doesn't mean that the misclassification may not result in further regulatory action, but I don't want to speculate on that.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah, it's -- I don't want to speculate on the timeframe of regulatory actions. I would say to your point though, they can take many forms. And so we're working through the draft with our regulators and we'll make more information available and the consent order will itself be public once that's completed.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I'll cover that piece and then maybe John can talk a bit about the buyback. So I would say the consent order in student loan servicing was a compliance matter. And so I think there's a link between that and the broader focus on our compliance management system. With that, maybe I'll let John talk a bit about the buyback.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So it has slowed down further so far in July, so probably closer to 1%. Not necessarily as bad as it sounds in terms of the health of the consumer because you've got some very challenging comps compared to last year's growth as well as the very, very high level of new accounts we put on last year. And I think overall in terms of payment side, delinquencies and losses as John said are sort of normalizing right on the path we thought they were. And here I think that the strength of the job market is very constructive for our sort of prime consumer base.
Roger Hochschild: I think we continue to see good results from the way we put to work on the marketing front in terms of our cost per account. Obviously, we've talked about the relaunch of cash back debit. We'll put some money against that, including the mass market campaign in the fall, but have been excited with what we're seeing in terms of the cost per funded account there. So while -- yeah the competitive environment is always intense across all of our businesses, we feel good about how our value proposition is competing out there across all of our consumer products.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Good question, Sanjay. You have seen that growth start to slow a bit. And I think it isn't necessarily that far out of line with what you're seen from our other, I'd say sophisticated prime focused competitors. It is really strong demand for the product. And as we've been clear, we have been tightening, not loosening credit, and are watching the accounts we book very carefully. And so we're always ready to make adjustments whether it's in the card product, the personal loan or elsewhere. But again, we feel good and are closely monitoring the performance. Within the credit, we're making adjustments continuously both on the portfolio side and the new account side. But these are very strong new accounts we're bringing in. And I think part of it is the differentiated value proposition that Discover offers continues to resonate well with our target customer.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Good question. So the tightening was not in the second quarter and was not in response to something we're seeing. And actually in terms of applicant quality, whether it's for home equity, personal loans, student loan or in card, where we're seeing very stable characteristics in terms of average FICO, in terms of the custom scores we use. So it was a series of changes we made, I would say, in prior quarters. But a lot of stability in terms of the quality of applicant over the course of this quarter.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah, great question. So, our aspiration is to be the leading digital bank. And so when you think about a digital bank, you think about the core DDA or debit product. And because we have a proprietary network, we can offer rewards in debit in a way no other large bank can. And it builds on our heritage around cashback and as the inventor of credit card rewards. So it's not just to cross-sell to our card customers. We think that this can pretty quickly become a significant entry point into the franchise for new customers. And then over time, much as we've done on the card side, if you can provide a superior value proposition and customer experience, they will want to buy other products from you whether that's a savings account and savings accounts where you also have the checking account and to have a lower beta or the card product. So again, a very important initiative for us, I think over time, will help continue transforming Discover. And we're excited for the potential and you'll see significant marketing against it this fall.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. And to frame the compliance issue, I would not over-focus on the regulatory portion. This is something where we as a team know we are not where we want to be and it is our top priority. So it is aligned with the views of the regulators, but our focus is taking many forms, from simplifying our architecture, automating manual processes, streamlining and standardizing business processes, bring on some great new talent as John talked about into the firm. And we know that the result will not just be better compliance but a better customer experience and more efficient organization. So the regulatory piece is important, but I would say what most -- is most important is the commitment from me, the team, the Board on achieving excellence in this area. That will be a multi-year initiative. But again, I think critically important to the future of the company and one that we as a team are very excited about. I would also separate that from the buyback. But again, it will be a journey on the compliance side, but one that we are 100% committed to.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I'll talk maybe more broadly about operational complexity and then John can talk about the businesses. I think there's a great opportunity to simplify, whether it's -- we may have a similar process that is done differently. And again, we have a much more, I would say, homogeneous set of business is than just about any other bank or size. So we think there are significant opportunities to simplify, and again, those won't just help from a compliance standpoint over time once the investments are made, it will also help on the efficiency side.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I'd start by saying yes, right? This is an investment we need to make. It is the top priority for the company, but one that I think we will be able to do to fix. And again, over time, we'll see benefits not just in compliance, but in a better customer experience as well as more efficient. If you step way back, I've never been more excited about Discover's business model and how it compares. I think you're seeing the strength of our deposit franchise at a time when many banks are being tested, we have the scale and resources to compete with anyone. We're making the investments to be at the leading edge around data and analytics, are winning awards for our customer experience on not only just the card side, but also our deposit products. We have the re-launch of cash back debit. So in terms of the business model, and the returns we can give to our owners, in my 25 years at Discover, I've never been more excited. To get to all of that though, we need to get to where you need to be on the compliance standpoint. That's a critical part of operating a bank, a financial services organization. We are not where we need to be and we are going to get there.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. It certainly is a challenging environment, but I'm not going to blame that, right? As I look back, I do believe we under invested and that's something I take accountability for, but we are very focused on it now. And as John, I think, highlighted, that investment takes many forms. Right? From bringing in some highly talented folks within the compliance area, building out our monitoring and controls, investments on the technology side to standardize, simplify, automate manual processes, as you think about it, compliance, a lot of the folks, it's risk management, right? And traditionally, we've been very strong around credit risk management, around liquidity risk management, but have not necessarily made the investments we needed, especially as the complexity of our business increased. As we got into more new products, I think there was a gap there in terms of our capabilities and that's what we're focused on now.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So in terms of overall competition, I'd say there's been a little bit of a pullback on the supply side from, I would say, markets and others as they pulled out. But there are a good number of competitors. A lot of them are much more broader spectrum than us in terms of how far down they go. I think what you're seeing is really strong consumer demand as rates have gone up and our product is primarily used for debt consolidation, people are looking to consolidate and pay down their credit cards. And so we're seeing very strong demand that is giving us ability to tighten credit and even at the margin, raise our prices and still see strong demand. So it's a product where underwriting and credit is everything. The mix is largely new, but a good amount are cross-sold to our existing cardholder base. So its customers where we also have experience with them.
John Greene: Great. And -- thanks Roger. And as it relates to the buyback, we had robust conversations internally whether or not to pause the buyback. And what management recommended to the Board was that we pause the buyback as we work through the details of these compliance and risk management issues and are in conversations with our regulators. I want to reiterate the following though. Our capital allocation priorities remain consistent. So first invest in the business and growth and certainly through this year and into next year into compliance and risk management. And second, the priority will be to return excess capital to shareholders. So no change in terms of the two primary capital allocation priorities. I also want to focus your attention onto the strong capital generation that the business delivered in the quarter and has delivered historically. So we're hoping that we kind of work through these issues in an expedited fashion, but timing, I can't be specific on. So with that, the buyback will provide us much clarity on the timing of resumption when we have information on that.
John Greene: And then, Ryan, on the trajectory, and so I made this comment publicly about 1.5 months ago. 2019 to 2023, we increased our spend in compliance and I'll say some gentle items to ensure compliance works as we wish it to work. I indicated it was about an increase of $250 million as we relooked at it. We were going to accelerate that spend to probably $300 million increase from 2019 and a $200 million increase ‘22 to ’23. Now the implications for that on ’24, where we sit today, we expect once we achieve that level in ‘23 to be relatively consistent into ’24. And then as we kind of shape this piece of our business into something that we desire, our regulators desire and our shareholders deserve, we expect that expense burn to reduce.
John Greene: Yeah, great. So yeah, the tightening in the range was reflective of a couple of things. So first, as time moves on, we get more and more comfort with our forecasting on it. And to date, our forecasting has been right on top of actuals, our actuals have been right on top of the forecasting. So that gave us comfort. Second is, as time goes on, we can move from the analytical model to a more kind of traditional roll rate model that gives us a greater level of comfort around the charge-off and delinquency rates 30 day -- 30 days out to 180 days out. So that gave us comfort to tighten that range. And then on top of that, certainly the jobs -- jobs data and the forecast around employment gave us additional comfort. In terms of what we're seeing with the portfolio, exactly what I said in the prepared comments. So the newer vintages seasoning to expectation and older vintages basically normalizing to kind of 2019 levels. In terms of the shape of the curve, what we expect charge-offs to do in the back half of this year is the acceleration in terms of the rates of charge-off to begin to slow. And currently, we're expecting, kind of, charge-offs to peak in the second half of ‘24. It may push a little bit into ’25, but right now we're seeing it in the second half of ‘24 and then reach the level, which likely will stabilize that for two to three quarters after.
John Greene: Yeah. So certainly real robust loan growth in the first half of this year and the last quarter of 2022. We expect the rate of increase to slow certainly in the third and fourth quarter and also against really, really strong comps from 2022. And traditionally what this business has delivered is loan growth somewhere between 2 times and 4 times GDP growth. Now, we don't know what GDP is going to look like right now into ‘24, but I would say this. We did cut the edges on the lower credit quality, which is -- will impact new account growth in card for the balance of this year. We're seeing, as Roger indicated, and I mentioned in my comments, sales growth to slow and probably stabilize in the single digits. So that will also impact loan growth for the balance of this year and into next year. So the stabilized number is a multiple of GDP typically unless there's some change to the macros that indicates it's a good investment to either open up credit or appropriate to tighten credit.
John Greene: Yeah. The -- it's a little bit of both actually. So we ended ‘22 at 11.04%. We said that we would be -- initial guidance up modestly. And then in the first quarter call, we said NIM has likely peaked and then it would begin to move downward and what I'll say normalize, likely to a higher level than it has been historically. So in the quarter, the reason that we tweak that guidance was we are -- we are investing in promotional balances. So attracting new customers or building balances with existing customers. Now, the returns on those offers are fantastic. The impact on NIM in the short term and the promotional period, it's minor. But given our activity there, it took a few points of net interest margin out. And we thought that was an important impact to communicate. Second, in terms of deposit competition, we had said that we thought that the beta would come in somewhere around 60% to 70%. What we've seen in late in the first quarter and into this quarter was our competitive set being more aggressive in terms of price increases. And as I've communicated in the past, we don't seek to be a price leader here. We try to compete on our brand, our customer offering, our digital assets that are first class in order to attract deposit customers. And we've been very successful as you can tell by the numbers there. But part of the proposition is also price. So what we're seeing now is betas likely to be north of 70% which is impacting net interest margin to the extent I just talked about in the guidance point. So those two factors are playing most substantially on the revised outlook.
John Greene: Yeah. Thanks, Sanjay. So the decision on the share repurchase was out of prudence. We have done a number of tests internally, stressing a number of factors, so that for example, the CCAR process we go through includes extreme stress. We dusted that off and ran some simulations. And the output of that was that both capital and liquidity, even in an extreme situation, remain well above regulatory requirements. So we feel comfortable about our capital and liquidity. The issue on the share repurchase was again out of prudence given what we have going on in the organization and we wanted to make sure that our actions are consistent with the right message in terms of being conservative and dealing with the first level of priority. In terms of…
John Greene: In terms of expense leverage, we continue to look at all of the lines and all of the investments we make in our expense base and the incident management situation we're dealing with in terms of resources to get that under control. That's a significant investment. Some resources supplement technology, people and consultants, certainly an investment. On the indirect side, we continue to leverage our procurement organization and ensure that, first, we concentrate on demand management and then, second, on making sure there's a fair value exchange. So that's the plan right now and will be the plan through the balance of this year.
John Greene: Sure. So as we sit here today, we feel comfortable with what we shared in terms of low double digit expense growth this year. We've taken a preliminary look at next year. We'll share -- we'll share that at appropriate time after -- after we kind of review and get our plan approved by our Board. But I'm feeling like it's very, very achievable. And that's why we -- we enunciated that target or that goal. But I would say this. As we see opportunities to grow profitably and not -- no contradiction to Roger's point earlier about the demand for our products, but we'll continue to take a look and invest for the medium term and longer term. And we're going to do that on the growth side. We're focused right now on the compliance side and we'll dial each of the expense levers in order to ensure we achieve results that our shareholders want, that our Board expects and that the management team expects.
John Greene: Yeah. So we're investing in advanced analytics that we're driving efficiencies in our rewards cost. We continue to look at third-party spend and have achieved great results in terms of year-over-year reduction in unit cost. The situation this year is that we've invested heavily in resources, people. So we're up -- we're about up about 3,000 people this year. So when you bring on additional people, both in collections and customer service as well as salary personnel, there's other costs that go along with it. So as we manage through this situation, I continue to believe there will be opportunities to drive efficiencies by combining like activities, taking a look at how resources are deployed to organizational structures and over time optimizing that. But right now, with the situation we're in, we've decided that the first priority is get the right resources in to focus on the issues we've talked about. And then we're going to be able to drive efficiencies in the future.
John Greene: Yeah. And then regarding our businesses and products, we think about this in line with our capital allocation priorities, our connections to our customer base and what we can manage and manage well. So we didn't start today. Historically, we've looked at all our products, our returns and as we look at those, we've made decisions to invest in order to drive growth or achieve compliance excellence. So we're going to continue to look at that. And if something's below our return targets, then we'll fix it and invest or we'll look at other alternatives. But certainly, the focus today is to take our existing products, make sure they're good offering that we can deliver those in a compliant way and drive a good return for our shareholders.
John Greene: Thanks, Arren. No, I mean, we gave charge-off range. Now there's a numerator and denominator impact on that calculation, of course. But our underwriting is focused on prime revolver. Prime revolver behavior in our targeted segments looks very, very consistent to where it's been historically. And our return expectations remain high and we've been able to deliver on that. So in terms of is it going to be north and where it was historically, we have seasoning of those new vintages. But our credit box has been relatively consistent, our analytics to kind of target customers and understand kind of risk factors, I feel like has improved over the four years I've been here and certainly a longer journey than that. So the trajectory to me looks very, very comfortable in terms of continuing to be able to deliver high returns and generate capital.
John Greene: Yeah. I learned a long time ago not to give quarterly guidance because I found that I was not as accurate as I would have liked and other people would have liked. So the range of, kind of, the double digit growth that we talked about, you can take a look at the portfolio. We made some comments on what was driving it. So new accounts and certainly new account growth ‘22 to ‘23 has slowed. Sales, while still very robust at an absolute level, have slowed into July. We're doing targeted promotional activities to drive high generating, high returning accounts. And the comp in the fourth quarter of ‘22 versus prior quarters is certainly a tougher comp. So your math is certainly your math and I don't want to get into any more specifics than what I just did.
John Greene: Yeah. Arren, the answer to both questions is yes. So the loan fee income, typically late fees and NSF fees. And in terms of employment levels, if unemployment was to increase, that would certainly impact net charge offs. But I would say this. In the cohort of folks that we typically target, there -- what we've seen is if they are impacted by a job situation, their time of recovery is pretty quick. So by recovery, I mean, finding a new role. So the fact that this cohort of prime revolvers isn't in the upper tier of income levels allows them to have a greater opportunity to find jobs of equal pay -- equal or more pay in the current environment. So the employment -- early indications of employment or some challenges in some states, we don't see any sign of that translating into a credit situation for us.
John Greene: Yeah. So we'll look at -- we'll look at kind of opportunities to drive loan growth. And part of that is the sales data or the spending data from consumers and reflect that in our next set of guidance that we provide. But specifically in correlation, in this form, I'm not going to get into.
