Roger C. Hochschild: Thanks, Bill. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Unfortunately David had a conflict and is unable to join us. I'll be standing in for him this evening, but you'll see David again soon at the Bank of America Conference on November 18. For the third quarter, we delivered net income of $612 million, earnings per share of $1.38, and a return on equity of 22%. Our net income this quarter benefited from a continued favorable credit environment, resulting in record low card and total company net charge-off rates. We reported 2.6% card sales growth over the prior year. However, our sales, excluding gas, increased 7% as card member gas purchases were down over 30% in the quarter. We believe this period had the largest impact from gas sales as the comparison to last year gets slightly easier in the fourth quarter. Despite these headwinds to sales, we once again achieved another quarter of solid loan growth. Specifically, we grew card receivables by 4%, in the middle of our targeted range. We'd like to see this accelerate and are taking a disciplined profitable approach to drive new accounts and loan growth going forward. To that end, we achieved the highest quarterly level of new accounts since the third quarter of 2007 despite the heightened competitive environment. As we continue to focus on driving more new accounts and increasing wallet share with existing customers, we extended our promotional double rewards program for new accounts, and we introduced a new Apple Pay promotion to help drive mobile wallet adoption. And we had some big news this quarter. We were ranked the highest for customer satisfaction with credit card companies in the 2015 J.D. Power survey for credit cards. This was the culmination of years of effort in every aspect of the customer experience, and I want to acknowledge the hard work of our nearly 15,000 employees. Turning to other direct lending products, our organic private student loan portfolio increased 17% and personal loans grew 12% over the prior year. Both are on track for record originations in 2015, as we had a strong peak season in student loans and are seeing increased personal loan applications from the broad market. Focusing on payments, total volume was down 3% as increases in our proprietary volume and growth in our business-to-business volume were not enough to offset year-over-year declines at PULSE. The decrease in volume at PULSE was mainly due to the previously announced loss of volume from a large debit issuer. On a reported basis, Diners volume was down 3%. However, adjusting for the impact of foreign exchange rates, Diners volume was up more than 10% year-over-year, driven by strong results in several regions, especially Asia Pacific. On October 1, we completed the sale of our Diners Club Italy franchise to Cornèr Bank. As we previously indicated, we do not plan to be the long-term owner of the business, and we look forward to working with our new partner going forward. In other global payments activities during the quarter, we signed several new agreements including a new net-to-net partnership with Elo, the largest Brazilian credit card brand. All-in-all it was a good quarter. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark and he'll walk through the details of our third quarter results.
Roger C. Hochschild: Sure, Sanjay. As you look across the products, let me start with student loans and personal loans. We're seeing very strong growth and are on track for record levels of originations. On the card side, growth is still within our range, but we are seeing an impact from sales and a lot of it coming from gas sales, but are continuing to invest, and I'm excited to see the level of new accounts and how well Discover it and the new features and innovation we're bringing to market, how well that's doing. So I think that's a positive sign. Keep in mind, though, that a lot of our balances with new accounts are built through sales as opposed to balance transfer, so it takes a bit of time for those new accounts to translate into overall loan growth.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, and, Sanjay, in terms of overall business benefits, I wouldn't expect anything significant. I think it's a nice complement in terms of the new models. It's a complement to what we're already doing in terms of fraud prevention. But I wouldn't expect to see a material improvement in the fraud rate from these new investments.
Roger C. Hochschild: So in terms of the record level of new accounts with less marketing, sometimes there's a bit of a lag. And so we did talk about the second quarter being our probably top tick in terms of marketing expense for the year, and so that translates into bookings in the following quarter. In terms of quality, we are very pleased with the quality we're seeing. We have not made any significant changes in terms of our credit criteria. We're seeing very strong activation rate, more retail sales with less of an emphasis on balance transfer and attractive costs per account. So we're very excited about the quality of the new accounts we're booking.
Roger C. Hochschild: So there are a lot of factors that go into overall loan and sales growth. Certainly what happens in – with gas prices has shown us all what can impact. And clearly overall retail sales, the holiday season, the other efforts we do stimulating our portfolio, those all add up. But I would say it's a positive indicator in terms of how well our product is competing in a very competitive marketplace.
Roger C. Hochschild: I think the – consumer spending in general is reasonably soft. As we get out, go out talking to our merchant partners, I'm not sure anyone is expecting a blowout holiday season. For us if you look at overall sales, clearly the biggest impact is coming from the gas prices. We do a lot of work to stimulate our base and to grow sales, and the new accounts again are contributing to sales at a higher rate than prior vintages. But I would not sort of call a robust comeback for the U.S. consumer at his point.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yes. I would say that a big part of what is for us funding the double promotion is reduced promo rates in terms of durations for balance transfer as well as purchases, as well as it's generating a lower cost per account. And so we look at all those factors. But another key component is having a differentiated offer in the marketplace. And that's where for us at least having a proprietary network, having distinctive features like the free FICO and Freeze, all of that also adds up to giving us very attractive new account economics.
Roger C. Hochschild: That's something that we are looking at. There's a lot of focus on building out compliance functionality and risk management across the entire spectrum of our businesses. We will probably return at some point in the future, but there are a lot of other priorities. And I think we're getting a lot of value from some of the functions and features we're putting out there that don't cost anything. So if you look at free FICO, that's something that a lot of issuers and even third parties used to charge for. We see a lot of value in giving that away for free and getting the benefit in terms of customers coming to Discover and carrying balances on their cards.
Roger C. Hochschild: So you can rest assured that when we sign up new accounts, we are not assuming that peak losses are in the 2% range. So there's a big difference between the models we use in booking new accounts and where the overall portfolio is now. What I would say though, and Mark made it clear, it is a remarkably benign environment. And if you look at things such as our 30-day delinquency rate, it looks pretty calm as far out as the eye can see. Now there's a lot of work that goes into managing those losses, both in terms of underwriting as well as the work supporting our customers when they get into challenging circumstances. But again, I think that the environment continues to look very, very good as we look forward. That doesn't mean we're being any less disciplined in how we're booking new accounts, whether that's in card, student loans, or personal loans.
Roger C. Hochschild: Well, yeah, I did not mean to suggest that with our focus on new accounts we're ignoring the existing portfolio. Traditionally our loan growth comes almost 50-50 between new accounts and stimulating existing accounts. Frequently it's not the inactive existing accounts, it's the ones that have a low level of activity. So we're the second card in the wallet and we want to become first card. We do a lot of different promotions, whether it's leveraging our network to do specific merchant offers, the rotating 5% program encourages them to spend perhaps in categories where they haven't spent before, even promotions like we're doing with Apple Pay encourages them to put Discover card top-of-wallet for mobile payments. So there's a tremendous amount of activity stimulating the portfolio, as well as booking new accounts.
Roger C. Hochschild: I would just say traditionally our loan growth has come about 50-50 between growth from new accounts. Clearly, we benefit from having a lower attrition rate and very low charge-off rate. So in terms of driving growth from existing accounts, there's less of a hole to make up. But I think beyond that rough 50-50 mix, we don't more precisely disclose where the growth comes from.
Roger C. Hochschild: I think that's right. Post-CARD Act, it's a lot more challenging to compete in terms of the go-to rate on cards, because you've lost your ability to change that. There's still competition around balance transfer, promotional rates, but in general, you see less competition for those go-to rates. I would say also benefiting the net interest margin is the low charge-off, and so that's helping support a higher NIM. But I think we are seeing a lot of competition in rewards these days. It's a combination of, to your point, the CARD Act impacts, as well as I would say some issuers that are pursuing a spend-based model where a lot of the focus is on very rich rewards.
Roger C. Hochschild: In terms of the ones that are driving the rewards rate, it is largely coming from – we do have the seasonal 5% program, the double cash promotion, and then what we're running with Apple Pay. Those are the biggest drivers. We do have as always a lot of marketing activity planned, everything from new account solicitations to continuing to stimulate the existing portfolio.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, Mark, what I would say there, again as I'm not prepared to speak to 2016 in specifics. But I would say on a full-year basis, you're clearly going to be looking at a higher rewards rate I think than you'll see for a full-year basis in 2015.
Roger C. Hochschild: It's hard to pin down precisely because there are a lot of other factors. I would point out we are still seeing healthy balance growth in our card business as well as very strong loan growth across the personal and student loan side. Where holiday sales go will be a factor as well. I would point to the new accounts as well as the easier year-over-year comps on gas as two helpful factors. Beyond that, I wouldn't want to put out a number in terms of where growth is going to go any time soon.
Roger C. Hochschild: Sure. And that was actually a part of – I got distracted with the second half of Ken's question. Usually for new accounts in the prime segment, the balances will build over the first two years. What can really change that is how focused you are on balance transfer, because if you're building it for retail sales, they'll continue to build. If you're using a lot of balance transfer, they'll build very, very quickly, and then pay down when the balance transfer expires. And depending on the issuer, that can be 12 months, 18 months. I think there's some people who will even go out 24 months. Given our focus on rewards, on all the other value components on service and what I talked about in terms of backing off the promotion durations, I think these new accounts, we do expect balances to continue building for the first two years.
Roger C. Hochschild: So the Miles Card is doing well. It's exceeding our expectations, but it's still a pretty small part of our overall new accounts. It's really – our core product is Cashback and the Discover it Cashback. For those people who prefer miles, we have the Discover it Miles, but it's a much smaller component of our overall new account origination.
Roger C. Hochschild: So in terms of the overall cost of funds, I think Mark had talked on previous calls about how we've positioned the balance sheet. You know, clearly the rate increases seem to be pushing out more and more, so we do expect some good stability in terms of NIM as we look forward.
Roger C. Hochschild: Sure. We are working with Apple Pay as well as other mobile wallets out there. I think it's a space that continues to evolve. We see some attractive benefits in terms of what we can do by being a card issuer as well as having our own network. So a lot of flexibility in terms of how we put it together. There are some investments, and I think it will take a while to see who the winners and losers are. But I think as part of our partnership strategy, when the market is evolving this quickly, you want to put quite a few chips down. You know, but I would say clearly Apple Pay is off to an early lead. And we're seeing very strong results in terms of take-up on our offer.
Roger C. Hochschild: Sure. So we are continuing to market the checking product but only to our existing base. We're not offering it to the broad market. So it's really just cross-sold to our card base. I think we're in a complete AML/BSA build-out and some other components before we take it to the broad market. It's a product that we're very excited about, but realistically it will take a while before it has a material impact on our overall funding costs. And I would also focus beyond checking though, we are working aggressively in terms of our savings account, our money market, our CDs, so there's a big part of our direct-to-consumer deposit business beyond checking.
Roger C. Hochschild: Sure. It's Roger. I'll cover this one. Digital continues to grow, but direct mail remains very important for the card business. And there's a difference between what you send out and how people respond. So actually we get more applications from mobile devices than we do mailed back through the mail. But, again, I would say digital continues to grow. For personal loans, by and large up until this point, our marketing has been by invitation only. So whether it's cross-sold to our existing customers or going out to the broad market, we target specific profiles from the bureau data. So given that, our mix has been very heavily weighted towards direct mail or other cross-sell channels internally. About two quarters ago, we started opening that up, but it's still in transition. So I think you would expect to see the non-direct mail solicitations grow on the personal loan side. It's actually that broad market response that is helping drive record levels of origination.
Roger C. Hochschild: So for us, attrition rates have been very stable and amongst the best in the industry. And that's where I think you see the benefits of what won us J.D. Power in terms of hundred percent for our employees' customer service, a great customer experience, across every aspect. So if you look at our customers and how they recommend Discover to a friend, their satisfaction, very, very high. So we have seen very stable and very low attrition rates.
Roger C. Hochschild: We don't see the alternative lenders as much on the card side. On the personal loan side, they are aggressive competitors. They put a lot of mail out in the marketplace. In general, they target a much broader credit spectrum than we do. And operate a lot outside of the prime space. But given our brand, given our value proposition, I think that's even in this competitive environment, we are seeing record levels of origination.
R. Mark Graf: And, Sanjay, just in terms of your rewards rate, what I would say is the expectation for the fourth quarter, as we noted in our prepared remarks, is 115 basis points. As we look to 2016, I'm not prepared to give specific guidance yet. What I will say is, I think on a full-year basis, it's likely to be higher than what you've seen in 2015, but we fully intend on remaining disciplined in terms of how we spend those dollars.
R. Mark Graf: I'll cover the overhang and when I think it goes away, and then I'll let Roger talk about the business benefits. So what we have guided folks toward is that the expenses related to the look-back requirements of the AML/BSA situation would be about $75 million on the full year this year. There's about $28 million roughly in the quarter this year. Currently, I think that the look-back expense is likely to come in more on the order of about $85 million in total. We will cover that additional $10 million through other operating efficiencies, so not changing our overall expense guidance. I do believe we'll be completed with the look-back this year. I feel comfortable with that. What I would say is there will be ongoing compliance costs that will be in the model, Sanjay, going forward, but we are essentially covering those costs with efficiencies elsewhere in the operating model. And, Roger, I'll let you speak to the other element.
R. Mark Graf: So I think the deployment of excess capital, Sanjay, I assume what you're alluding to is inorganic opportunities to deploy that excess capital.
R. Mark Graf: I think that will depend upon the lifting of the AML/BSA consent order or at least significant progress toward that end on our part. It's hard for me to handicap that one for you because I feel good about the progress we're making. But we have more ground to cover in terms of where we need to go, and there's a regulator who will ultimately control – a series of regulators who will control when it's lifted, so it's hard for me to handicap for you.
R. Mark Graf: Yep, happy to do it, Mr. Carcache. So year-to-date, the provision rate, as you noted, is around 2% give or take. And on last quarter's call, we said it would be lower than our original 2.5% guidance for the year. I think that's pretty much a given at this point in time. We see continued benign credit markets out there generally. So while I'm not prepared to speak to 2016 at this point in time in terms of exactly what our expectations are, I think it's definitely a foregone conclusion that we will be well inside of that 2.5% at this point in time based on everything I see right now this year. Credit continues to feel exceptionally benign, and it's a good environment from that perspective.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so mortgage revenues were roughly $17 million lower give or take; something on that neck of the woods. Protection product revenues were lower by roughly $6 million give or take. That's the way to think about that line item. Protection products revenue I think there's another – there's a product we're going to actually be sunsetting here in the next quarter or two, so that should result in a little bit of acceleration in the decline of protection products revenue but not anything significant. And ultimately, I would expect mortgage revenue to be essentially gone here in the fourth quarter. So protection products will continue to attrite somewhat. I think we still believe at some point in time we may consider re-launching those products in a regulatory compliant fashion, but it wouldn't be this year, that's for sure.
R. Mark Graf: So I'll tackle the NIM part of the question. What I would say is as I said in our prepared remarks, we expect it to be pretty flat fourth quarter from where we ended the third quarter. And I think what we've said historically about 2016 is that we expected 2016 to remain at or above 9.5%. I think given what we're seeing right now, I would lean towards the above as opposed to at 9.5% for 2016. In terms of funding strategy, David, when I look at how we're positioned vis-à-vis our primary competitors as well as the regional banks, we're positioned about the 45th percentile or so of asset sensitivity. That doesn't feel like a decidedly bad place to be. It feels like we're right in the middle of the pack. That feels very comfortable place for us. We did stop several quarters back building any additional meaningful asset sensitivity into the book. So I think what you're likely to see us do is to the extent it's cost effective to do so, really more essentially maintain that positioning as opposed to anything else.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I'm not going to speculate as to competitors and why they were or weren't included in certain things or not included in certain things. I think we worry about what we're held accountable for, doing it well and making sure we're driving great returns for our shareholders, and that's where we're going to stay focused.
R. Mark Graf: It's a big question, Ryan. I'll do my best to address it concisely. But it's probably going to take me just a second there. So first of all in terms of annualizing this quarter's numbers for our run rate, I would not suggest you do that because, again this was not a particular high watermark from a marketing expense quarter, and I would say we always have some lumpiness to the expense level. So I would not suggest doing that as the right way to think about it. So while we think $3.6 billion is still a good number for this year, I think what we said is we expect it to be lower next year. The best advice I would have is go back to where we were in 2014, anchor to those levels, have some smart young analyst in your shop do a regression to take a look at what bank expense growth rates have been on an annualized basis over the course of the last two years, grow 2014 at that rate, and it will get you into the right ballpark for thinking about our expenses I think over the course of 2016. We'll give you more specific direct guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call.
R. Mark Graf: No. I was speaking to what we expected for 2015. We'll give our 2016 guidance on the fourth quarter call.
R. Mark Graf: So I think the EMV expenses that we specifically called out earlier this year were really more what I would call the one-time oriented expenses associated with tokenization and pushing out EMV. So I would not expect those expenses to recur. I do think a little bit of that $35 billion total is likely to bleed into the early part of next year as opposed to fully being spent this year. What I would say is I would just remind everybody that reissuance costs for EMV cards are higher than reissuance costs for a mag-stripe card. So in a run rate reissuance world that probably has a little bit of impact, but from the standpoint of the one-time costs I called out, no, I do not expect to see those increase beyond the levels we have called out.
R. Mark Graf: It's going to be a little bit more to bleed through in the fourth quarter. So GAAP requires some of the charges you take – you actually can't take until you actually shutter the doors and turn off the lights. So it will be smaller than this quarter's number. But there will be a little bit bleeding through in the fourth quarter, and then it will be over.
R. Mark Graf: So I guess what I would say is a lot of moving parts and pieces there. Let me try and tackle them all. On the student lending piece specifically, the release was relatively small as you noted. It was driven by better expectations for future losses on loans that are currently in deferment. So that's what drove that piece of the puzzle. In terms of looking forward, it's just hard to say, quite honestly, how much – we've called now for two years in a row for growth in the portfolio to outstrip remaining goodness left in the portfolio and just to be intellectually honest with our good friends, we've been wrong twice. Credit has continued to improve over that period of time. I think it just highlights what Roger alluded to earlier, and that is that in our working lifetimes, none of us have ever seen a credit environment that looks like this. CARD Act got implemented at the same time the crisis ripped a lot of forward charge-offs into a current period. So it's – I have used the analogy a few times now. If you think about it like the GPS in your car, in normal times it gets you to the street address. Today it's getting you to kind of the ZIP code. So I feel comfortable with the results we're getting, but in terms of the precision you're looking for, I'm not going to try and convince you that we've got it, because I don't think anybody does right now.
R. Mark Graf: I do think just given the relatively – the different sizes of our asset classes, you'll continue to see faster growth in personal loan and student loan. But luckily we are in the capital position where we can support growth across any of those. And so where we can find good growth that meets our profitability and credit hurdles, we're investing across all of our asset classes.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so let me start with maybe the second question. I think when you think about our payments business, it's important to keep in mind it's not just the payments segment, but rather the network that our proprietary card runs on. And I talked about the benefits we get in terms of differentiation in terms of the ability to work directly with merchants. Quite frankly you're seeing one of the largest card issuers out there head the other way in terms of trying to build their own proprietary networks. So I think if you look, for example, at the returns that we and American Express generate, both in different ways, but generate within the card issuing business, I don't think it's a coincidence that the two of us are generating the highest returns, but also have a proprietary network. Now we believe our partnership strategy and working with partners, such as SAP and Ariba, such as PayPal, such as all the global networks around the world, we think that one is the right one to maximize shareholder value and are committed to pursuing that. But again I think it's not as simple as just looking at the payment segment. You've got to keep in mind the value that we see for the card issuing side of the business.
R. Mark Graf: So, Ken, what I would say is that the management team, not just on this topic, but across the board, I mean I think we've proven ourselves to care greatly about driving great returns for our shareholders, putting 20% north ROEs looks pretty darn good. I think at the end of the day, you shouldn't take us as believing that we don't ever question our own approaches. We question them regularly and we look at options regularly. So I think you should take Roger's comments as that we've spent a lot of time looking and that we believe very strongly, we're pursuing the right strategy based upon what we see right now.
R. Mark Graf: I think that's too high end. The number I'm using looks more like a mid-single-digit number, probably a slightly lower mid-single-digit number is the way I'd think about it.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I guess what I would say is, you know, we said at or above 3.5% (sic) [9.5%] through 2016. What I would echo today is that I would be much more comfortable with above 3.5% (sic) [9.5%] in 2016 than I was when we said at or above 3.5% (sic) [9.5%].
R. Mark Graf: So I would say it's a reflection of where we see the forward curve right now more so than anything else. If we actually do get some movement in the rate environment, we are positively levered to that based on our current asset liability positioning and would actually see margin expansion through the first several hundred basis points of rate increases.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I think I would describe it probably as in line, maybe slightly lower but generally in line with the third quarter is the way I think about it.
