David W. Nelms: Thanks, Craig, and thanks to all of you for joining the call today. In the first quarter, we delivered net income of $666 million with earnings per share of $1.82 and the return on equity of 25%. Very solid performance, which reflects our success in driving outstanding growth in receivables, pre-provisioned net revenue and shareholder returns. Our strong profitability is the result of consistent execution of our Direct Banking strategy, buoyed by positive macroeconomic conditions. The environment for prime consumers remains healthy, supported by a robust labor market and rising home prices, both important indicators of credit performance on our target segment. In addition, data suggests that U.S. consumers generally continue to feel positive about future prospects for their personal finances. We believe our positive business momentum will continue to be supported by the growing economy and higher take-home pay as a result of tax reform. Credit performance across the industry continues to normalize after several years of historically very low net charge-off rates, including in our portfolio. This trend has been driven by the increase in supply of credit from lenders and greater usage of credit by consumers. Against the backdrop of low unemployment, rising wages and lower consumer tax burdens, we view recent credit performance as the natural result of this greater availability of consumer credit and not as the first sign of a downturn. The other factor playing a role in higher provisions is the seasoning of our loan growth, as recent vintages make up a larger percentage of our portfolio. These vintages are performing in line with our expectations, and we will continue to pursue quality loan growth because the economic and competitive environment remains conducive to creating long-term shareholder value. Receivables grew 9% in the first quarter led by strong growth in the card business. Card loan growth continues to come from a balanced mix of new accounts and existing customers, and is supported by sales growth acceleration. The origin of sales growth includes strong customer acquisition, low attrition and economic growth. It is clear that the Discover brand as well as the features and benefits of our card continue to resonate with consumers, driving growth in new account acquisitions. Our consistent focus on prime revolvers and discipline in pricing and rewards drove 10% revenue growth in the first quarter. Operating expenses also rose as we continued to invest both for growth and an enhanced customer experience, as well as to advance our analytical capabilities. Our efficient operating model helped keep expense growth lower than revenue growth, driving positive operating leverage again this quarter. In Payment Services, our PULSE, Diners Club and Network Partners businesses, each delivered double-digit increases in volume. I'm pleased that volume for the segment was up 19% year-over-year, which drove a healthy increase in revenue while prudent expense management held operating expenses flat. Before I turn over the call to Mark, I want to take a minute to highlight an initiative that we believe is an important element in our long-term strategy. In February, we announced our new debit rewards program for our Cashback Checking product. This program allows our checking customers to earn 1% cashback and up to $3,000 of eligible debit card purchases each month. Despite only minimal promotion to-date, the checking product has received a positive reception in the market, particularly among millennials with an average age of 35 for new checking account customers in the first quarter. Importantly, for more than 40% of the new checking accounts opened in the first quarter, this represents the customers' first relationship with Discover. This demonstrates the checking product's potential to serve as an important new entry point to the Discover franchise. In summary, our consistent focus on the customer, good momentum across our businesses and favorable economic conditions continue to drive strong risk-adjusted returns. Now I'll ask Mark to discuss our financial results in more detail.
David W. Nelms: Yeah. So, this is David. Maybe I'll kick off and Mark maybe want to add something. I think if you look over the last couple of years, two years ago, our growth slowed a bit more because there were some competitors who were really aggressive and we saw some maybe fewer profitable opportunities. We talked last year about the fact that some of those competitors pulled back, and that allowed us to put up accelerated growth. This year, I'm seeing that it's starting off feeling a lot like last year in terms of the competitive environment. Competitive but not overly-competitive, not crazy, not as many crazy offers out there. But we're now looking back over a comparable period where we had high growth. So I think if you look at the guidance we gave for the year of 7% to 9%, this quarter, we were actually a little bit above that. So I think, consistent with that guidance, we expect that as we continue to see great opportunities to grow value and profitability, that's allowing us to put on really good growth. But the year-over-year change, we would expect to fall somewhat, but at least maybe into the range of the 7% to 9% that we guided.
David W. Nelms: Well, so it's David. I would say that the number of days in the quarter processing skewed our numbers a little. If you look at it like-for-like days, we had about 8% year-over-year growth in volume for the first quarter, which was stronger than it's been in the past. Now I can't say yet if that is attributable to tax reform or whether it's just attributable to our value proposition and us gaining share, because some of the retail reports I've seen have not suggested so much of a pickup yet in the first quarter. I do think that, given that some of the withholding has just kicked in, in the last six or eight weeks for people, that people are going to do one of two things with a couple of percent extra money in their pocket. They're either going to save it more or they're going to spend it. And I suspect consumers will do some of each.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think he mentioned specifically balance transfer pulling back a bit. And one of the factors is obviously the economics changed a little bit just with the higher interest rates. And also, we're constantly adjusting our models. We use promotional rates to drive better profitability. If it's cheaper to invest in promo rates than higher marketing costs, we look at that as almost another marketing costs, if you will. So I wouldn't say – we don't tend to go guardrail to guardrail on anything, but we're always making adjustments as we review the data and find opportunities.
David W. Nelms: Well, Mark, I think that it's a combination of differentiating features and strong execution that have allowed us to grow faster than the industry average the last year-and-a-half or so in particular. Certainly, Cashback Match is one of those things, but Social Security numbers on the dark web and on/off freeze functionality and the fact that we have our own brand at point-of-sale that is differentiating from the Visa-Mastercard issuers, one of which you mentioned. Yeah, I think it's the cumulative impact of a bunch of stuff. It's no one thing. I guess the second thing I would say is imitation is flattery, but this is, while an important competitor, it's one program. It'll be X percentage of total marketing that we're up against. And overall, we think the package that we offer is what's attractive to consumers versus any one thing, even Match.
David W. Nelms: We're really excited by it, but I think it's going to be a gradual build because this is a long-term play. By nature, checking accounts tend to be sticky. It's what makes them attractive to financial institutions. But that means we'll probably ease into it and focus on testing new things. We're going to be adding some more features mid-year this year. I expect the second half of this year to have more promotional activity than we had the first half of this year. But to put a point on it, I'm not sure you'll see a TV ad in the second half of the year. But we think that, you know, we're going to report our progress as it becomes more material. But I think you should think about over, say, a 5-year period this sort of turning into something material in terms of first-time customers, lower cost funding, stickier relationships, and we're starting off to increase the franchise.
David W. Nelms: Just the one thing I would caution on is that I think that it's more likely that that could have modest pressure over time. The merchant discount rates in general have had some upward pressure as there's been a mix movement towards more card-not-present. But some of the card-not-present merchants are getting much better at anti-fraud kind of capabilities and are able to then earn somewhat lower discount rates. So I would just be cautious not to extrapolate that increase.
David W. Nelms: Well, I guess if you look at the data, we have had somewhat of a higher increase than some others because we were the lowest of the players. And I'd say that if you look at the prime related large issuers, it's actually very tight now. And I think that of the four big prime issuers, we're all within about 10 or 20 basis points, which is the closest we've been in years. And so, when we talk about normalization, I think some of the other players had to normalize from abnormally high things, charge-offs, as they continue to work off the problems of pre-downturn loose credit, whereas we have the benefit of having a very fantastic credit. But we're at a range where being in the low-3% charge-off rate for a prime credit card is great and our underwriting assumptions assume higher than that through the cycle. And so the way I think about it is, if we had expected to be close to 2% charge-off rates indefinitely, we would have been leaving a lot of money on the table and would have been under-extending credit. So, to me, this is kind of a more natural move. Yes, it's painful because we have to put up those resources that we had to be release on the way down. And I do expect if unemployment rate stays at 4%, housing prices continue to rise, everything continues to be nice, that things ought to stabilize here at some sort of new normal rate level. And what we're seeing so far is consistent with that.
David W. Nelms: And I might add more broadly that we're pleased to be at around 38% efficiency ratio, pleased that again we've been achieving positive operating leverage, growing expenses faster than revenues. And that operating leverage being one of the best in the industry doesn't mean that we don't have other opportunities to maybe over a multiple year period to push that a little bit lower. And I think compliance-related expenses, can we automate some things and can we mature some things, regardless of any regulatory changes that may or may not happen, we view as an opportunity. But artificial intelligence, technology, there's a lot of – our direct business model does lend itself to really taking advantage of new technologies to drive more and more efficiencies. And so we're focused on that.
David W. Nelms: And I would say that's essentially what I was going to say. I would just summarize that we tend to be consistent, but we are impacted by less consistent competitors.
David W. Nelms: Yeah, so I'm not going to prognosticate on the card yield trajectory, but I'll go ahead and talk about the bits and pieces that have affected it heretofore. I think you are correct, there is an element of charge-offs of accrued interest that are flowing through there that are a piece of it. And I think you've seen the uptick in charge-offs over the course of the last year. A piece of that, obviously, is going to be mirrored on the interest and fees side of the equation. Promotional balances, the other component you called out, promotional balances right now are sitting at about 21% of the total book. That's not all balance transfers. Some of that is other things as well. Those balance transfers obviously have an impact though, because they carry a yield which is equivalent to the fee being accreted into yield over the life of the BT if there's a fee associated with it. 0% all the way if there isn't. So, that higher level of promotional activity has had some muting effect as well. I would say those would be really the two big pieces. And then, of course, you have the piece of the book that's just transactors, right? So you're not going to see the transactors. The bigger your transactor book is, obviously the more of a muting effect that has on your overall card yield in the book, as those books don't revolve. So those would really be the component parts and pieces.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would just say, while there's not credit risk, there's certainly fraud risk, and so we have to be cautious there. And secondly, the traditional distribution for checking accounts has been branches. And I think that consumers increasingly will acquire their checking accounts in a digital fashion, but we are a pioneer in that. And so I believe that as a pioneer, it will take time to literally change consumer behavior in the country. But long-term, I believe we're best positioned of anyone I can think of to revolutionize that, but I think it will take time.
David W. Nelms: And I would just say that I'm not sure I, you know, 19% growth is awesome, but hard to maintain for very long. But if we can maintain 10%-plus double-digit growth, we did that in the early years of PULSE, and I'm glad we're back in double-digits. And I would just say that we are looking very hard at opportunities in the U.S. and around the world to really capitalize on this very scarce and, in our view, very valuable network that has the ability to scale to a whole lot more volume. But most of that volume today is locked up by Visa and Mastercard, and we're looking for non-traditional ways to unlock it.
David W. Nelms: I'd say that Ariba is just one of the places that we're placing bets. We're seeing some continued good volume growth, but it is a very skinny margin business. So I would not say that we're staking our whole payment strategy on AribaPay or it's taking our strategy on placing a bunch of bets. I'd say the one that I would point out is the net-to-nets. We're up to about 14 global players that we partnered with and we continue to sign a few more every year. And in the long-term, the nice thing about that is it comes with some cross-border business. And as you know, that is the highest margin business in payments. And so it's maybe a little easier for me to see us monetizing and having that contribute to the profit sitting here right now today than what I would say on AribaPay. But we'll keep looking at AribaPay.
R. Mark Graf: Absolutely. So, Sanjay, I would say with respect to provision, we don't typically guide provision. The only reason we made those comments at your conference actually back in January was we saw folks coming in a little bit high. I guess what I would say is if we saw a need as models come out for the next quarter to adjust provision guidance, we'll give a soft nudge then at that point in time. But, right now, I guess what I would say is we feel very good about that 2018 charge-off guidance that we did give at the beginning of the year of 3% to 3.25%, and all the performance continues to be in line with those expectations.
R. Mark Graf: I think it's fair to say there clearly could be some variability. We don't have insight into exactly what the Fed's new model shows. I think that letter, you guys all had a chance to see it, it was a public record document. It just said it's going to produce materially higher losses. We have no way to calibrate, Sanjay, whether materially higher is 10% higher or 30% higher, right? So I think we took a very thoughtful approach to how we worked our way through it, and my comments today reflect the spirit of our submission. How it actually works its way through the Fed, we'll have to wait and see.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. Moshe, what I'd tack on to that would be a couple of things. And I guess, number one, really underscore David's earlier point about our approach to growth really hasn't changed over the last number of years. It's really just competitors surging and then pulling back and other things that have impacted the rate of growth because we stayed consistent in the return thresholds we look for and what we'll actually book. So it's a pullback of others that has allowed our growth rates to rebound a little bit. But I think the tougher comps that I referenced earlier to, our growth rate really accelerated as a result of that pullback through 2017. I think also the pullback in the DPL originations that we have talked about a few different times will have a meaningful impact on that overall loan growth as well. So I wouldn't expect – we're not calling out that we expect loan growth to fall dramatically. I think we're just kind of saying, what's on the margin, it's probably going to be somewhat lower as we look forward than what we're looking at right now.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I mean, I think at the end of the day, expense growth, Moshe, is really a function of business growth. And it's naturally going to fluctuate as we invest in the business and look for ways to capitalize on great growth opportunities as we see them. And we've talked in the past, there's tremendous leverage in the model in marketing costs and absolute levels of marketing, a lots of different levers that when you hit an environment where really shifting to focus on pulling back on expenses as opposed to building a franchise makes sense, we feel very comfortable in our ability to do that. So I think it's a conscious decision, long story short, that got us to the 9% growth. And I wouldn't think about all that as impressed run rate kind of numbers. It's conscious decision-making quarter-over-quarter.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. In terms of the full-year guide, Don, I would say if we kind of saw a need to revise that guidance, we'd revise the guidance. So I wouldn't worry about that one. I would say, in terms of quarter on a sequential basis, I would say what we said is expect about 7 to 8 basis points of upside from every 25 basis points that hike. And based on our asset-sensitive positioning, I would say that is consistent with what we saw this quarter. I think sometimes you will forget there's a seasonal uptick in charge-offs in the first quarter. So, that really kind of increases your revenue suppression. We also saw a little bit of an increase in promotional balance mix this quarter. And I think you heard me say in our prepared remarks, we're going to see a little less promotional growth in the mix going forward. So I think those two things really combined to offset the goodness that we saw on the rate side. Feel good about our continued positioning. Think again about the comments we made in what we're seeing around credit in the month of April. So, again, if we saw a need to revise that NIM guidance, we would have revised it.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. No, I mean, it's preliminary. We're working our own way through it at this point in time, Don. I guess what we have said is, make no mistake, reserves will go up in a seasonal environment, given our product and our business mix, right? So I think that's definitely the case. I think the thing I'd remind everybody is it really affects accounting earnings. It doesn't really affect cash flows the same way. And so, if you think about it from a held-to-maturity perspective, the economics of our portfolio don't change one iota from pre-implementation to post-implementation. So I think sometimes it's a little bit of rearranging vectors. That having been said, it's a very complex rearranging of vectors, and there's a number of issues we're still trying to get our arms around such as how do you define the life of a card well, right? Do you do on a FIFO basis where the first dollar borrowed is the first dollar repaid? Do you think about it in a CARD Act hierarchy? How do you think about it? So I think there's a lot of work needs to be done defining those things. So, clearly, reserves will go up under CECL. And it's clearly our intent, as we have a good sense of where that's going to be, we obviously will telegraph that to you guys. It's preliminary at this point, though.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I think that's the way to think about it. Again, if we had felt the need to revise guidance, we'd be doing that. To the extent you're looking at year-over-year and wondering about that, I think the big change is – it is up year-over-year, a big chunk of that is we ran gas in the first quarter as one of our 5% rotating categories. Whenever you run gas, it's extremely attractive to people, and they jump on that. So I'd say that would really explain the year-over-year number. But full year, we feel very good about that earlier guidance.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I got to be really careful with that one, Ryan, because that could be back – you can back into provision guidance on that one, so I'm going to be careful. How about if I tackle it a little differently and just kind of say, from my perspective, we continue to feel really good about the way credit is seasoning. If you look at it this quarter, it's about 40% driven by the seasoning of new accounts. It's about 60% to normalization on the back book. Roughly speaking, that continues to be in line with our expectation. It also continues to be in accordance with all of the return metrics under which we're underwriting this credit. So we feel very good about the nature of the credit we're putting on the books. We talked the last quarter about potentially directing some incremental growth dollars towards some segments. We haven't fully deployed all that at this point in time. And at the end of the day, we may not end up fully deploying all of it. Just to be clear, if we can't find risk-adjusted returns and ways to deploy that that are consistent with our models, right? Again, we're not going to bend from the discipline in terms of how we grow. So, continue to feel really good about what we're putting on the books, continue to feel very good about the trajectory of credit. Appreciate your comment about delinquency rates basically, 27, 24, 27 basis points, I think up the last couple quarters. They've really flattened out to a large degree, and we feel good about where we are.
R. Mark Graf: So I would say I think we've been pretty consistent over the last four or five years that we do have a goal of being an S&P Dividend Achiever. That requires dividend increases. I wouldn't change or dissuade anybody from thinking that remains a piece of our thought process. That being said, the magnitude of increases can vary, obviously, too. So, as we went through our submission, we looked and we recalibrated some of those things. And in terms of exact detail, we'll have to wait until we get results back from the Fed and we can share it with you then.
R. Mark Graf: No. I think there's definitely the tax refund impact that comes in. I would say they're delayed a little bit this year is one thing to keep in mind. And the other thing I would point out in this construct, it's not – I want to be abundantly clear, we don't have data that supports causality. But simply, correlation, we saw a pretty significant improvement in our payment rates and in our delinquency trends start at the very week when the payroll processors adjusted withholdings.
R. Mark Graf: So I do think there's something going on here as we talked earlier briefly with that additional discretionary income that folks have seen as well.
R. Mark Graf: I would say in an all-else-equal environment, yes, with one exception, and that there is a lag associated with that portion of the reserve build that is associated with the growth in new accounts, right? So, if you think about the way a new account seasons, it takes peak season in 24 months after you originate it. So, if it's growth that I put on the books today, I don't have a lot of reserves set up for that yet. That'll come as we roll forward on the calendar. So, yes, but with a modest lag.
R. Mark Graf: So the big driver there, Ashish, is going to be the mix of merchants. Particularly, quarter-over-quarter, the fourth quarter's heavy spend at big-box type retailers and larger online retailers that typically tend to have lower discount rates. As you move into the fourth quarter, the spend mix shifts more balanced. It's not as heavily concentrated in the big ones. So, that tends to drive a little bit of an uptick in the MDR.
R. Mark Graf: No. I would say it's just a function of maturities rolling off that were put on several years ago being replaced by new issuances. Some of those new issuances being fixed rate and further out the curve. So I wouldn't think about it as anything other than just positioning the balance sheet the way we want to see it going forward.
R. Mark Graf: Hey, Ken. Maybe the best way to think about it, as I said, if you think about the reserve build, 40% of it was related to new accounts, 60% of it was related to the back book. So I think that's already been asked and answered.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I would say I wouldn't attribute the increase in the 9% year-over-year growth to compensation. I would say the vast majority of the increase would be coming in other categories more broadly. Compensation in and of itself was a chunk of it. I would say that was more broad-based across the company as opposed to really being focused in the regulatory side of the equation. I do believe we are encouraged by what we see being discussed in Washington on tiering and failing in regulatory reform. We do believe that there's sincerity in Washington that folks really want to advance and move this forward. To this point in time, I would say we've seen glimmers, but think about this, your CCAR where I think we just telegraphed, so it's a tougher CCAR this year than we've seen in years past. So what I would say is, right now, it feels like we're in that awkward period of time where the pendulum on the grandfather clock is swinging and it hangs there for a second before it swings the other way. So I would think about compliance spend really as being more stable now as opposed to being on either an increasing or a decreasing trend.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I'll take the first stab and then David can pile on. I guess I'd start by reminding you that one of the things we said is we really haven't changed over the course of the last several years our approach to the business. We were willing to underwrite to a loss rate that is higher than where we are today, that continues to be the case, with a certain cost to acquire the account, and then think of that card acquisition model like an NPV calculation essentially is how you think about it. And I think we said before, we target a return that's greater than the return on the buyback program, plus a risk premium, plus a credit premium. And then we also want to see break-evens generally speaking inside of five years, right? So, that's the rubric we have used going back for a number of years now. And what we saw is if you go back four years ago, I might be off by a year or so, we were outgrowing the prime market by about 400 basis points using that same general rubric. Then others came back into the market surging or just consistently back in the market in the case of some players. What we saw is they were willing to pay acquisition costs we weren't willing to pay. So, candidly, our growth rates fell not because we chose to peel back on growth, just because others were willing to pay more to get the accounts. Now that those others have backed out of the market more, what you see is that same underwriting model is producing the higher levels of growth. So I wouldn't think about it as so much what we're doing differently as opposed to really the market dynamic itself has shifted.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So it's hard to know what the impact of the ratio is going to be until we know what the absolute impact on the reserve level is going to be because, obviously, that initial hit is going to not be a P&L event, it's going to be a capital hit as you adopt CECL. So what I would say is the regulators did come out and make a statement that I think it might have been that they're leaning toward – I'm sorry not as they're leaning towards, they actually have agreed now to allow for a three-year phase-in of the regulatory capital impact to CECL. So, that obviously eases the transition there to the extent the numbers are large. But I would say that really being able to triangulate more on the reg cap impact itself requires us to be able to triangulate more on the absolute magnitude of the delta in reserves that I think we're still working through a number of issues.
