Roger Hochschild: Thanks Craig, and thanks to our listeners for joining today’s call. Very simply this was another very good quarter for us with solid loan growth, strong net interest margin and ongoing improvements in underlying credit performance. We earned $753 million after tax or $2.32 per share and generated a robust return on equity of 26%. Our ability to balance loan growth with disciplined credit management continues to generate very strong returns while our investments in the Discover brand and advanced technology enhance our ability to drive a differentiated customer experience and competitive advantage, to that point, we were recently awarded the highest ranking by J.D. Power for customer satisfaction among credit card, mobile apps and websites. This recognition highlights how our investments in technology and analytics have enabled us to deliver industry leading customer value while maintaining operating efficiency.Looking at some of the specifics of our second quarter performance; total loans were up 6%, with strong credit performance across all of our products reflecting our disciplined and underwriting new accounts and line management along with continued investments in collection capabilities. Looking to our lending products, the 7% growth in card receivables was forced from a healthy mix of new, versus existing customers. In terms of card portfolio mix growth was primarily from higher yielding merchandise balances versus promotional balances.We’ve previously shared with you our intent to decrease the level of growth from promotional activity and that trend continued in the second quarter. This provided a meaningful contribution to our net interest margin performance this quarter. Turning to our student loan business, growth remains strong and as we entered the peak season early origination activity looks good and is consistent with our expectations. We believe, we’re well positioned to continue to gain market share.In personal loans, our recent credit tightening has achieved its desired effect with both charger off and delinquencies declining from the prior quarter and loan growth consistent with our target. We remain focused on originating loans that will generate satisfactory long-term returns rather that pursuing faster growth in what remains a very competitive environment. Overall, underlying credit trends continue to be favorable across our lending products as the normalization impact on the back book continues to lessen and credit performances increasingly driven by growth in receivables.Our payment services segment generated a robust 15% increase in pretax income driven by strong growth in volume, that majority of which came from our PULSE business. The team at PULSE continues to win new relationships and build business with existing issuers by developing creative debit solutions that deliver meaningful value for partners. We continue to execute our strategy in payments to enhance global acceptance by investing in partnerships primarily with local acquirers in Western Europe as well as adding to our network-to-network alliance partnerships as we make progress against our objective of universal merchant acceptance.In summary, our results this quarter reflects a disciplined and commitment to excellence that will bring to serving our customers and delivering long-term value to our shareholders. Clearly, the favorable economic environment is contributed to our performance and we don’t see any signs this is changing in the near-term. Nevertheless, we recognized that this may moderate at some point and are continuing to adapt our growth in credit strategies as appropriate.Before I turn the call over to Mark, I want to highlight two important additions to the Discover team. First, I want to welcome Wanji Walcott, our new Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel. Wanji joins us from PayPal with significant prior experience at American Express shows she brings a wealth of highly relevant knowledge to Discover. I also want to welcome Jennifer Wong, Chief Operating Officer at Reddit who has joined our Board of Directors. Jen will be an invaluable addition to our board bringing deep experience in media and digital advertising.I will now ask Mark to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Promotional balances remain very profitable for us and it’s a mix of using promo rates around ET and retail for new accounts as well as targeted offers to our existing portfolio so profitability has been very strong. It’s just some of the growth we’re seeing around merchandized balances and some other forms of stimulation including rewards are working well and so that’s driving down the overall mix that’s at promotional rates.
Roger Hochschild: We have not, I’ll start with the back of that Sanjay. We haven’t changed our views on macro, we continue to be at the margin tightening credit and nothing is changed there in terms of how we think about our card underwriting. I think the window is there, as long as we can execute around having a compelling value proposition in a very competitive environment and so we always target a healthy mix of loan growth coming from both new accounts as well as stimulating our existing card accounts. We’re happy with how it’s performing but we continue to see good opportunities as well.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, I wouldn’t read too much into the decrease this quarter. We talked about how the categories can have a significant impact to Q-over-Q but that doesn’t change our long-term perspective. We’re very excited about the program with PayPal. They’re a great partner, so but just given their overall scale I would say modest impact on rewards in the coming quarter.
Roger Hochschild: So, in terms of hybrid cloud versus sort of moving purely to the public cloud. I think our focus around technology, it was always technology to drive business value not technology for technology sake. I mean so we try and take a really practical view, so moving 100% of your applications to the public cloud, moving your general ledger. I might actually see the benefit. On some of the consumer facing applications we have migrated to the cloud and we’ve written architecture, you’re seeing 30% plus increases in feature delivery rate, so clear benefits from public cloud but we feel like our hybrid strategy is the right way to go.In terms of falling behind our competitors on technology. I maybe think more about what’s the opportunity in front of us versus comparing because everyone’s business a bit different. Certainly, we’re doing a great job in business value, if you look at what we’ve done to mobile space being number one rank there. But I’m also excited about how quickly technology is changing and what we can do in the coming years.
Roger Hochschild: I’d guess a bit more from new customers versus the portfolio so probably for the last roughly 18 months, we’ve been close to that 60-40 range between the two, maybe a little higher this quarter. But again, a healthy mix, so it’s consistent really with what we’ve done for a while now.
Roger Hochschild: We said for a while that rewards competition has leveled off. Going back a couple of years it was just every quarter someone was out there with a hot new program, so it’s stable. The card business is always very competitive. If you look at the returns and so it’s really the same competitors pursuing it aggressively and that’s just a constant state for the business.
Roger Hochschild: And maybe to build off Mark’s comment. You can see great stability in operating efficiency even as we made those increases in investments in technology and I think that reflects really our discipline around expenses that to the extent we need to make investments. We’re going to look hard at everything and see how we can fund this.
Roger Hochschild: I think the same comments still holds through, we love to do acquisitions in payments and valuations are still high. So, if you look back over the years both PULSE and Diners were transformational acquisitions in the payment side. But Mark and his team are on a very disciplined process and we’re focused on value and making sure that transactions work out well for our shareholders. On the banking side there’s probably a bit less to get excited about just buyer portfolios is it’s like buying a bond and we’re very happy with the presence we’ve built in the products we’re in on the consumer side. So, I wouldn’t necessarily encourage you to think about any acquisitions on the direct banking side, we’ll look at anything opportunistically but we feel good and I think quarter shows there’s a lot we can do around organic growth.
Roger Hochschild: I think for us probably a lot of focus is around Spain, but also the UK and Ireland. Some of the smaller markets we’re seeing great success and exciting partnership. So, Bulgaria is another one highlight this really is a multi-year strategy different countries will link in and out, but it’s a broad focus across Western Europe.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, and some of them while, clearly, we’re in hundreds of countries around the world, some of these reflect I would say step function changes in terms of merchant acceptance within those markets.
Mark Graf: Sure. First of all, Bob, I would say thanks for the kind words. I appreciate it. I have enjoyed working with you and all the folks in the market tremendously over the last nine years so I’m not gone yet so you got to suffer through with me for a little while. In terms of CECL, I would say Bob there’s no change to our 55% to 65% guesstimate for the increase in reserves at adoption of CECL. Now I’d be remiss if I didn’t remind you that is a guesstimate, it’s heavily dependent on both the composition and trends in the portfolio and the forward-looking view of the economy actually at the time we adopt. But again, if we had adopted this quarter it looks like roughly a 55%, 65% range would be the right way to think about it.In terms of where that impact comes in, its longer duration, higher lifetime loss content assets and [indiscernible] managed asset classes are obviously pretty heavily depended on a macro factor in a CECL environment. So, the volatility going forward I think is really going to be the speed and level of change in macroeconomic forecast will really be the driver in volatility as you sit and look at those things in addition to loan growth, itself right. There’s a penalty for growth under CECL, so those would be the moving parts and pieces.I think our number one concern remains comparability across issuers is going to be challenging. So, it’s going to be incumbent upon us to provide really good disclosure and for all the users of the financial statements to really dig in there.
Mark Graf: So CECL and the implementation of CECL definitely impacted our thoughts in terms of the forward four quarter ask in terms of the [indiscernible] or churn basis, yes.
Mark Graf: Yes, principally what we’ve been doing is over the course of the last several months we’ve been adding to our invest portfolios specifically buying short dated treasuries [indiscernible] two years in. it’s been the primary vehicle we’ve used to accomplish that dampening on the asset sensitivity side. I think realistically there’s a little bit more room there to add, a little bit more on the treasury book. But and there also be some synthetic activities will engage in to do principally and then asset swaps will be the way to think about it. We’re in market today, with an ABS floater, a two-year ABS floater. Specifically, we won’t swap that fix, the way we’ve done over the years with a number of our ABS floaters as well, that will also help in that capacity that’s about $800 million deal roughly give or take.
Mark Graf: Sure. So today pre-CECL, we set our reserve base on expected losses on loans that are on the balance sheet now and it will be the losses we expect to see over the coming 12 months and the key really influencers of that level are going to be delinquency trends we see in the portfolio, macroeconomic trends and forecasts. Obviously, bankruptcy forecast what we see going on incident rates and what we see happening with consumer leverage and abilities to pay.Where – would be the key influencers I guess that will be out there today Mark and I think the other thing is we try and not to react with a knee-jerk reaction one quarter versus the next. So, when we see some goodness, we’ve got a relatively flat reserve rate this quarter vis-à-vis last quarter, we saw a little bit of goodness in a couple areas. We’re not just going to assume that represents a trend we’re going to wait and see that developed and we’re going to make sure we’re being prudent in how we think about trends in the portfolio as oppose to just knee-jerk reacting up and down.As we go into CECL environment I think that level of judgment will increase candidly but we will become far more sensitive to changes in macroeconomic forecast as well as the level of growth in the portfolio in a CECL environment as well, so that would be how to think about it now and really how to think about it going forward.
Mark Graf: I mean the reserve rates stayed relatively flat. I think we saw constructive activity on a quarter-over-quarter basis in delinquency trends. We saw constructive developments in quarter-over-quarter trends in charge off trends. Macro trends a little less clear candidly then we would have seen historically not relatively flat, but uncertainty around what the [indiscernible] is going on the with the fed quite honestly, would be entering into that process. Incident rates up a tad but nothing significant. I mean there’s no question severity remains the primary driver.Consumer leverage pretty consistent so you kind of put all that into the blender and hit go, I suppose you could have gotten yourself comfortable with a modest reserve rate reduction, but we don’t target a reserve rate again we set reserves based on the loans we see on the books and all those factors we talk about earlier and we want to see those factors develop over more than just a month or two. We actually want to see them develop into trends before we responded as trend because most importantly those reserves are meant to reflect the risk that we as a management team feel exist in the loan book today and not just to knee-jerk quarter-over-quarter based on things we see moving.
Mark Graf: Couple of things, one when you look at us compared to competitors ours is explicitly more of a lend focus model versus spend focus because sometimes there’s a bit of disconnect, part of it was just a challenging comp year-over-year. The switch in 5% category probably caused us roughly almost a point of growth, the other thing is gas prices can have an impact and so that also dampened our year-over-year sales growth.
Mark Graf: The benefits of checking compared to other products actually gets tougher in a lower rate environment just because in checking you’re not paying interest, but you’re paying OpEx and so as rates come lower the advantage of checking versus say saving starts to get compressed. We continue to be excited about how checking is performing, the average age of new customer is about 35, our card actually does well with students and millennial too, but we’re excited about the product about a quarter of the new customers are also opening a savings account, so exciting about that, we’re seeing good growth year-over-year in new account. So, it continues to be a good product for us but I would caution you, we view it as a long-term build before checking deposits become a meaningful piece of our funding. The role – the direct to consumer deposit portfolio is doing very well and as we mentioned on the call, it’s not over half of our funding.
Mark Graf: And it continues to skew toward prime oriented solid growth Sanjay if you something you’ll see in our Q as it comes out at the end of the quarter [indiscernible] front run a little bit, the percentage of accounts at or below 660 actually decreased to about 19% in the quarter. So, you’re seeing the percentage of the book that’s actually classified as subprime begin to shrink as well.
Mark Graf: Yes sure. We typically it’s not unusual for deposit pricing to continue increasing after market rates stop. So, we did see a little bit of that across the industry, more recently we’ve seen decreases including some of our product book as well. We’ve implemented rate decreases also. So last quarter when we talked Sanjay the cumulative beta through the cycle was 51, the cumulative through the cycle as we sit here today is 49. So at the end of the day obviously competitor actions will have a bearing on how we act and respond because we are trying to be relevant to the market, we continue to target that sixth to tenth kind of place in bank rate to offer real significant value but not to have rate due to leading proposition, so that’s generally how I would think about it.On the NIM question more broadly, I guess what I’d say is, I mentioned we did see a little bit of upside biased to the upside when we gave our guidance in, we’re really seeing that be more likely right now I’m guessing NIM could come in anywhere from call it five to 9 basis points roughly higher than 10.3 that was part of our initial guide. I think want to make sure folks don’t overreact to the growth we’ve seen in NIM and really make extrapolate that as well because we are asset sensitive still roughly 25 basis point increase by the fed on a 12-month forward basis takes about a basis point or two off a margin give or take. It’s kind of the way to think about it and those treasuries we’ve been buying to dampen our asset sensitivity also are – that lower yields than some other things as well.So, I mean we’re doing the right things to prudently position the balance sheet. NIM is going to be clearly on the plus side of that guide with the biased to the upside but I don’t want folks to runway and assume it’s going to the moon either.
Mark Graf: Yes, I’m not going to get into the trap of revising guidance on you on the credit one here, but I’ll be happy to walk you through the parts of pieces. I would say, card Ryan continues to feel very stable and very good. I would say that from that perspective this is the seventh consecutive quarter, we saw the rate of increase in charge offs moderate year-over-year. The rate of growth moderate year-over-year, we still are seeing the impacts of normalization but it’s down to roughly call it a quarter of the impact. The other three quarters is really coming from growth and as our loan growth has moderated a little bit, our guidance for the year is six to eight, as we’re coming in closer to that six-ish percent kind of range so far, I would say that has bearing on that equation a little bit as well, so it feel to me at the end of the day like we’re in a good shape with respect to trends in card charge offs. If we talk student loans that product has consistently just been a very solid credit performer for us. Don’t see any signs of change on that horizon at all it just continues to feel decidedly solid I would say.Personal loans, too early to declare victory but it is looking like that 5% general soft guide we gave around personal loan charge off rates because of working through some of those segments that we talked about going back about a year or so ago. It looks like that was probably a little conservative, so I do think our personal loan charge offs will come in inside of that 5% number, you saw really positive quarter-over-quarter trends this time again I’m not going declare a victory on the basis of quarter. But I do feel like things are trending well there as well. So not prepared to revise credit guidance at this point in time, but I would say we continue to feel really good about the trajectory of credit, the performance of credit and the health of the book.
Mark Graf: Yes, I’ll do my best and I would not interpret this as being to be all inclusive but I’ll give you some things to think about. So, as we head into the latter part of the year transact or engagement typically tends to pick up as we go into the holiday shopping season. So, you’ll have a bigger percentage of the mix that essentially is effectively a 0% earning asset, so that has an effect – is there that you should be thinking about at the end of the day. The asset sensitivity depending upon the pace of the fed, the guidance we have implies right now. Our guidance would imply 25 coming up here shortly and 25 in the fourth quarter, if the pacing is greater than that, it would have a bigger impact and I already said 12-month forward a basis 0.1 or 0.2 for every 25 the way to think about that. Those portfolio purchases have a dampening effect of the treasury.On the promo piece, we don’t expect that to continue to decline from its current levels. We’re thinking the level we’re sending that right now is a percentage of mix feels about right. So, you won’t have further tailwind from promo at this point in time. So those will be some of the things I would generally would be thinking about Ryan it’s not all inclusive but I’m trying to send a balance message on NIM. It’s clearly a good story it’s going to end up higher than that 10.3 that we had talked about, but I don’t want folks to think we’re sandbagging and setting something up we it’s going to moon either. I’m trying to send a very balanced, very clear message there.
Mark Graf: On a full year basis, I would say we aren’t moving that guide we gave for the year that 1.32 to 1.34 so it definitely does tend to move around based on how lucrative that category is. So, like in the first quarter, groceries it’s really easy to max out on the $1,500 in spend. I think you have to spend $125 a week or something inside of that even to max out. It’s really easy to do. Certain of the other categories it’s not as easy to max out on that if you unless you’re a high spend transactor. So, we do see variability based on that as well, but the guide for the year the 1.32 to 1.34 is still I think, how would be thinking about it.
Mark Graf: Sure, if you think about the information technology spend, I think that really is the battle field on which the bank of the future is being built quite honestly. So, I would not expect to see technology spend be something you’d look to see [indiscernible] back on anytime soon. Obviously, we have a leverage there, if we were hit downturn a major bump in the road, something like that. But it feels like those investments are driving great returns, you’re seeing it already in some of the performance in our personal loan book as we’re able to better weed out some of the challenges we were faced with their if you will, you’re seeing it across the board in the portfolio so we feel good about that.If you’re talking about the professional fees, I think on that piece to the puzzle yes I believe there’s some lumpiness to that ones I think you’ll see that one continue to be exhibit a degree of lumpiness and I would not take that as an elevated run rate or something that I would expect to see on a normalized basis. On the other category that was up $28 million. I would say the variance there, it’s about $11 million year-over-year due to global acceptance about $13 million and this year I think that it was about $2 million in it, last year same quarter something like that and about $9 million of that is driven by fraud reserve. We had a second quarter of 2018 last year we had a reserve release in the fraud reserve. This year second quarter we had a normal build driven consistent with loan and deposit growth.The end of the day those would be the big drivers in the other, other. So, continue to feel good about the expense guide broadly for the full year and continue to feel that there is significant untapped leverage in the expense base that we can avail ourselves of, if and when we see a shift in the environment.
Mark Graf: And actually, we’re at not to peak season DSL [ph] expenses that you incur, your efficiency ratio actually this quarter would have come in at 37.1. So, I think yes and I feel really good about the expense guide and I feel very good about the leverage that exist there.
Mark Graf: So, I would say, that is always the $64,000 question. I think the real question out there is, where do you see it on a relative basis. Right. You have to be in the relevant range in the market place. I think do we have the ability to lead the market down in the terms of deposit pricing. No, I don’t think we have the ability to lead the market down in deposit pricing we didn’t lead it going up either. Do I feel like the betas that we’ve built into our asset liability models and the guidance we provided around NIM and other things for the year continue to feel really good and do I feel like that is a business that continues overtime to look more and more like a traditional banks deposit business where there’s real relationship, yes I do.I mean I think when I look most recently, I think we’re just a hair shy of 70% of our depositors now have the relationship with us on the asset side of the balance sheet. Right, so I feel very good these are not hot money quasi-capital markets accounts and I feel very good about our ability in a declining rate environment to harvest some benefit there.
Mark Graf: We tend to think about it in terms of the ROI for the marketing dollars we put out there. If you think product by product certainly seasonally, you’re going to start seeing ramp up in Q3 given the peak for student loans. For personal loans, we were very explicit about trimming back from channels based on credit performance but also that we’re starting to see the benefits from that in terms of the losses and the new generation of models going in. fourth quarter tends to be heavy for card, so yes I think you can expect to see us continue to invest and look to gain share particularly around student loans and card. Personal loans I think you want to not pursue share and growth there too aggressively that’s really driven by return and we’ve been very vocal over years now. There are times to market that product and there are times to cut back and we’ll continue to be disciplined.
Mark Graf: I’d say, I think about a little bit like a constrained optimization Moshe. At the end of the day I think over the long haul the value of a true relationship oriented deposit base can’t be replicated so I would still have a bias that general direction. That being said, we’re economically motivated and to the extend the cost of funding and the capital markets really started to gap out, sure. Be willing to do that at the end of the day. Subject to maintaining good discipline around asset liability management and make sure we’re not doing anything that is near term beneficial, but plans land mines in the forward P&L when those things mature or reprice [ph], but sure be willing to consider.
Mark Graf: So, the four to six Betsy would have been predicated that goes back maybe two quarters ago and it’s predicated on what the benefit would be from a rate increase. We’re now looking at what the likely cost of a rate decrease would be and it wasn’t symmetrical the way we built it, so you’re looking at one to two basis points of cost to margin on a 12-month forward basis associated with a 25 basis point reduction and we’re continuing to shift the asset sensitivity. So, I would expect overtime that will moderate from that current one to two basis points level as we continue to shift the positioning of the balance sheet.
