Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Craig and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. With this being our year-end call I want to begin by reviewing full year highlights and key performance indicators on slide three, then turn the call over to Mark to review fourth quarter results. Later in the call we'll cover our guidance elements for 2019. We earned $2.7 billion after tax or $7.79 per share in 2018. Generating a return on equity of 25%, as we put our capital to work to grow the business and repurchase our shares. Once again we generated a very strong return on equity, reflecting our unique combination of businesses across consumer lending and payments, as well as strong operating performance. Our performance in 2018 reflected robust receivables and revenue growth, particularly in the card business. We continue to invest in brand advertising, in marketing analytics and in superior service. And together these investments continue to drive profitable growth and of course we remain focused on providing an exceptional customer experience and are proud to have won the J.D. Power Award for credit card customer satisfaction in 2018. On the subject of how we treat our customers, I want to take a minute to acknowledge the difficult financial situation now faced by furloughed government employees. To support customers in that situation, we are providing payment holidays to those that ask for flexibility at this time. Overall credit performance continues to stabilize. The impact of normalization is diminishing and we are experiencing tangible benefits from enhancements to our underwriting and collection strategies. Our payment services segment generated strong volume gains, up 15% in 2018 largely due to the performance of PULSE. The PULSE team has been successful at winning new relationships and building business with existing issuers by developing creative debit solutions that deliver meaningful value for partners. Finally, I want to emphasize the importance of investing in our global acceptance footprint and technology. These are two distinct areas that both are critical to our ongoing success. In terms of global acceptance, we continue to see a great opportunity to partner with local acquirers to enhance merchant acceptance. We made significant progress on this in the fourth quarter signing a number of agreements in a variety of markets including the UK and Continental Europe. Universal merchant acceptance remains an important objective as we pursue our longer term vision of being a leading global payments partner. And in terms of technology spend, we are continuing to invest in initiatives to drive even better customer experience and competitive advantage. For example, we're making ongoing investments in machine learning to enable faster and better decisions about how to target our collection strategies and marketing campaigns. We've begun to see the benefits of these investments in 2018, with positive impacts on loan growth and credit performance. Now turning to slide four. We are pleased to generate strong total loan growth for the year of 7% with card receivables up 8%. I alluded to this a moment ago and talking about machine learning, but I am particularly pleased with our growth in new card accounts even as we continue to tighten credit and brought down the average acquisition costs per account. Student lending turned in another great year with organic receivables up 9% and record originations of $1.8 billion. Our personal loan portfolio grew 1% in 2018 as we cut back on origination activity by tightening underwriting standards. Competitive intensity remains high with new entrance continuing to ramp up originations. We will maintain our traditional underwriting discipline, as we focus on driving growth that meets our return objectives. Turning to slide five, credit continues to perform in line with our expectations with seasoning of recent growth and normalization being the key drivers. We will have more to say about the overall credit environment when we discuss fourth quarter performance in 2019 later in the call. But as we enter 2019 we feel very good about underlying trends. I’ll now ask Mark to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: It's hard to look at that on a merchant by merchant basis. The payoff comes when you reach critical mass of coverage in any given market. And that benefits not just our own card issuing business, but also our network partners around the world who will see the benefits from that. So we have a very disciplined investment process that looks at target cost per merchant. When we can to a partnership with the network in a market of course lets us build acceptance at a very affordable cost, but that ongoing level of investment is embedded in the expense guides we’ve provided for 2019.
Roger Hochschild: I would say it's been a long process of investment. So it's been continuous so it's been something we've been at for many years. I think the reason it's maybe attracting some attention now is really the lumpiness, Mark, talked about in the fourth quarter. But we view building out acceptance both in the U.S., but also in these international markets as critical components to our network strategy, which again is both monetizing it through our third-party Payment segment, but also driving our proprietary card growth.
Roger Hochschild: I mean, with our lend focused model are always in the prime lending space, we're not a sub-prime issuer. That business is always competitive, it can go up and down a bit, but in my 25 plus years in card issuing that there is never an easy time. You can see from our performance around new accounts, that we're booking more new accounts, our cost per account is coming down. And all of that is occurring as we've been tightening credit over the last couple of years. So we feel very good about our value proposition and how it can compete. In terms of overall activity, we believe a lot of the rewards competition has plateaued. You're not seeing the same pace of introduction of new programs. So it's going to remain competitive, but we feel good about our product, how it's positioned. And if you're buying business with big upfront incentives or the highest reward way in the market, you'll attract a disproportionate share of gamers and transactors neither fit with our long-term focus on the business.
Roger Hochschild: So I'll start with the second one. We have not seen change in overall spending behaviors across our portfolio. Government, I don't think we over index for government employees we don't have necessarily employer account for our entire base, but it's not a meaningful percent. I think it's very important that all of us do everything we can to support the employees in this situation. And so that's why I called it out, but compared to programs we've done around major net natural disasters for example, in the past those have had a much more significant scale.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, there are mix of factors in there. Part of it is a bit tougher comps, we booked a lot of new accounts in the fourth quarter of last year. And those of course, come on and activate and start spending quickly. There was a slowdown in holiday spending towards the back half of the holiday season. I think that's not just us, you've seen a number of major retailers pull that out. So those are probably the biggest drivers on the sales front.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, clearly we have multiple channels to use in our funding mix. So it's not as if we'll have to go out and buy assets or storied asset growth. Mark, will do his magic on the treasury side. I think we and others benefited from a big investor move towards cash in the fourth quarter. And so that drove flows up across the industry. But we do feel good about our ability to continue to grow deposits without posting at the top of the rate tables and having a value proposition very similar to card in terms of differentiated product service, customer experience, leveraging our brand and then also cross-selling into the card base. So deposits will continue to be the most significant part of our funding mix, we expect it to grow faster than assets, but that just therefore result in a shifting the overall mix.
Roger Hochschild: One thing we've always highlighted is the differentiation we get from our proprietary network. And so, I do think you’ve seen two issuers that have proprietary network really stand out in terms of growth and both of us tend to be conservative on the credit side. The other thing I would say is just that relentless focus on the customer. We've won the JD Power Customer Experience Award for last five years It's not just the great 100% U.S. based customer service it’s the mobile app, it’s the rewards, it’s the new features and benefits. So we look carefully at our targeted customers and are always thinking of new ways to add value.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So first we don't discuss M&A. So acquisitions and divestitures, but in terms of the merger I'd say it's probably too early to tell. Both companies are a good partners of ours, we compete in some parts, we partner in others. And so, I think we will watch that very carefully. In terms of the PULSE business, coming off a very strong year of performance. And clearly as we look at our Payment segment being able to offer both credit and debit capabilities out there is very important as a network. So we feel very good about the payments assets we've assembled both through the PULSE acquisition as well as Diners and are working hard to continue to increase the share of profits that come from payments.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, I would say it's a continuation of a multi-year journey. So again getting a lot of attention because of lumpiness in the single quarter, but we've been working and if you go back and look at the stream of announcements, we've been working with merchant acquirers in markets outside the U.S. for many years. The one part I would say we're probably focused on are our partnerships with networks around the world, which brings us both broad acceptance in different markets, but also volume as they leverage our account number ranges are shifts backs. And so it helps to strengthen the overall network. And so, that's a strategic trust that you can expect to continue.
Roger Hochschild: I would say, we’ve had a growing portfolio at a pretty rapid rate over the course of a couple of years. And as that portfolio season it was getting to a maturation level you were seeing a bit of uptick in the credit statistics and the charge-off rates and the like. As that portfolio begins to -- as the growth there begins to moderate a little bit, I think you're seeing some of the impact of that. I think the other key piece of the puzzle is really just the discipline nature of the underwriting that's continue to go on there. You've got an average FICO in that book in the order of 750 right now. So it's a 20 points higher coming on the books than the average card account is. And just to remind all of you who don't live in the FICO world normally every 20 FICO points doubles the default risk. So a 750 defaults that has the risk of a 730 as a starting point on addition to that. So I would say that's a key piece of the puzzle as well. And obviously not to try taking credit for brilliancy you also have a really strong economy out there. These kids are coming out of school and they are able to find jobs. So that's a piece of the puzzle as well. So I'd say all those are contributing factors.
Mark Graf: Sure Mark, happy to tackle it. We did continue to see promotional growth play a role in our -- in the growth in our card book over the course of the quarter. But it was a secondary level of growth and it was a distant secondary level of growth the standard merchandise purchases. So I would say, we saw a moderation in the component of the growth that was represented by promotional balances. As we think about looking into 2019, we would continue to see the proportion of growth represented by promotional balances continue to decline modestly. So in terms of NIM guidance that's what's kind of baked in there, thought through there. I think in terms of the 10.3% with a bias to the upside on the NIM thought just generally that guidance doesn't include any increases in rates by the Fed. Any short-term rate increases it's following the forward curve instead of the dot lots. So that would be also be a little bit of upside to margin if we were to get some of that probably to the tune of about 4 to 6 basis points for every 25 from the Fed.
Mark Graf: Yes, we've never talked about our deposit betas specifically, but I would tell you cumulatively the betas looking so CDs are 33% of the buck [ph] CDs always have a beta close to one. So we'll put that aside, but for the indeterminate maturity deposits the cumulative beta is sitting at 51, as we sit here right now. So it continues to be well below where you'd expect it to be cycle to-date. I would not expect there to be a lot of upward pressure on that from market rates. If there's any upward pressure it's likely to come from competitors as opposed to a lot of movements in the market.
Mark Graf: Yes, sure Sanjay. I would say, if I sit and I look at the nature of the growth, the line weighted FICO at acquisition in the card side continue to be right at about 7.30. So they continue to be very consistent in terms of what we have booked over time. And as we continue to book these new vintages, we see the card members come on more engaged with the brand, more engaged with the card and driving the types of behaviors that tend to drive long-term profitability. So we feel real good about that in terms of line utilization it's not like all these folks are coming on board and maxing out their line. So it's good responsible behavior that we're seeing out of those folks. The student lending business just continues to be a fabulous product for us risk adjusted basis it drives great returns we think it's a great introduction of new young people into the fold that can become a part of the broader Discover family as they grow. The personal loans business I think we've talked there and I would say we don't expect personal loans to be a giant grower. As we look into 2019, we do expect it's probably going to be -- balances there will be flattish to maybe a little up, but not a major contributor. And, of course, in student you're fighting a little bit of attrition from the acquired book too. So we would expect card to be the -- to drive the lion share of the growth in loans over the course of 2019.
Mark Graf: Yes, and I think -- Sanjay, just to pile on to that for a second, I think the $35 million or so that came in, in the fourth quarter, I would say largely we encourage you guys to think about that as one-time that's why Roger kind of called it out specifically a Goldman. Anything else that we see currently is obviously baked into our guidance for 2019.
Mark Graf: Yes, I would say that feel somewhere in the right general zip code. I'm not going to call it out as a specific number at this point in time. But really, we saw a little bit of goodness in the fourth quarter relative to what we expected. We installed a number of new technologies in the personal lending business that are helping us really do a better job sniffing out synthetic fraud and really segregating our underwriting a little bit better. So, we are -- hopeful, we can do better than that 5-ish percent kind of guidance we gave last quarter. But for right now, we're early in the year. So I think I'll stick to something pretty close to that 40 basis points for the first quarter.
Mark Graf: No it's not a giant swing factor, I mean, it's a little bit inside baseball if I go back to the fall when we were putting together our operating plan for the year and you looked at the forward curve it assume two rate increases one in June and one in December. So you'd have gotten the benefit of half a year of one of those increases and essentially none of a year of the other of those increases. So if you go to zero it's not a giant impacter if you will. So I’d take you back to that other thought really sitting back and saying roughly if we do get them all in including the deposit beta assumptions and everything else you're probably looking at somewhere between 4 to 6 basis points of NIM accretion coming flowing through as a result of the 25 basis point move where we’ll get one.
Mark Graf: No it really Betsy would depend on too much of what happens. I mean, I've got in pulling together thoughts around guidance, we've obviously got 50 scenarios we've run about what if this and what if this and what if this. I think you how you should interpret it is a lot more of those scenarios come out better than 10.3 than come out tougher than 10.3. And that's why we're kind of talking about a bias to the upside. I think at the end of the day if we see continued mitigation in the rate of increase in delinquency formation, which is kind of pretty flat right now or if we see charge off formation continue to moderate there could be some goodness there. But in terms of overall it's going to be a function of market rates, portfolio mix, promo activity, interest charge-offs deposit betas, funding mix and a whole host of other things. So it's hard to call. But I emphasize the bias to the upside for a reason.
Mark Graf: Sure happy to. I would say the bulk of that investment activity -- I mean, obviously there is spend ongoing to support the generation of assets in a let's call it a BAU type environment. But the bulk of that incremental spend is really investment into a lot of these new technology platforms that Roger and I spoke about. Most of these new technologies are domiciled in the cloud as opposed to resident in our four walls. One of the big differences between traditional systems development within your own four walls and the cloud is you capitalize the traditional version so it doesn't have a big annual impact on expenses. Cloud-based development gets expensed. So a chunk of the increase really a big driver of the increase you're seeing year-over-year is the result of our continued migration due to deployment of lot of these new technologies that the results we're seeing from them are just really strong. And we feel very good about that. In terms of just overall the commitment to expense discipline, no question. I mean, I appreciate your commentary on the positive operating leverage. I think it's been a number of years since there was a negative number in front of that. Despite some really big investment activity on our part, so I think it underscores the strength of the revenue engine as well. But we definitively are committed to managing our operating expense base. We're committed to positive operating leverage and we unequivocally have leverage in the model, as I called out in my prepared remarks that if we see something in the environment start to change, we’ve got leverage in marketing dollars, we got leverage in rewards costs, we’ve got leverage in a lot of different items in the P&L that we won't hesitate to pull those levers if it's the right thing to do.
Mark Graf: Yes, I'm going to trying to stay away from answering that one specifically, because I don't want to give provision guidance. What I would say is we have called out that we continue to see the rates of increase in charge-offs in the card business moderate for five consecutive quarters. We obviously set our reserves and provide on a quarterly basis based on a whole number of factors that we see at that point in time. But the fundamental underlying underpinning piece that is the biggest component of it obviously is what are the trends we're seeing in credit. And those trends with normalization slowing continue to feel pretty good. But in terms of actually calling on a forward basis what provision is going be, I'm going to stay away from that one.
Mark Graf: Yes. So in terms of -- I would separate the two. First, we have not seen any change in attrition and given how we deliver on customer experience, our attrition tends to be the lowest in the industry. In terms of what's driving our card acquisition performance, it really is a lot of those investments around technology in particular next generation analytics and modeling as well as just how well the value proposition competes with millennials and younger consumers especially. So we're very pleased to see that. And again I'll repeat, all of that is in the context of continuing to tighten credit around our new account underwriting.
Mark Graf: Yes, I don't think we've historically guided on non-interest revenue Bob. And so, I'm going to kind of stay away from that one. It's not really a giant driver of our components of our P&L.
Mark Graf: Well, on the first part that's easy to do. I would say the supply driven credit normalization if you think about the components that would drive an increase in charge -- delinquencies and charge-offs, you really have an incidence component. In other words, what percentage of the portfolio comes under stress and then you have a severity component, which is once that account does come under stress what's happened to the balances are they bigger now than they were a couple years ago. And I would say the driver cycle to-date in this has really been -- in our case has really been we have seen some verities increase much more so than we've seen incidence rates increase. So if you think about it, going through the crisis consumers delevered either by choice or otherwise. And so for a number of years coming out of the crisis they carried really low levels of leverage. Few years back consumer credit availability started creeping back in, consumer started levering up. So while we're not seeing a greater percentage -- much greater percentage of the book come under stress, when somebody does come under stress they're carrying more debt therefore the severity of the charge-off is bigger. We're referring to that as supply driven normalization because supply of consumer credit that's really been the primary driver of that. Speculating as far as what's going to be the driver of the next recession, there's a lot smarter people than me if you could ask who could give you a better sense on that one. I guess, what I would say is looking at the data seeing ever everything we see we don't see it as a consumer led issue it feels more geopolitical, global macro something like that, as opposed to an over leveraged consumer or a consumer asset bubble.
Mark Graf: It's the global network stuff that we spoke about earlier on the merchant side that is showing up there.
Mark Graf: knew the question is going to come up. So no worries about the painful ask, not a problem. I guess, I would say one of the places a lot of that technology that Roger and I have alluded to a few times ago has been put to work in is in the CECL modeling. Trying to break away and come up with some machine learning approaches, really starting to think about every way we can to start slicing and dicing our portfolio. So we are in the process of going through what I would describe as a giant Monte Carlo simulation. The standard itself is very broad in terms of how you can think about and how you can define certain things. So we're doing a Monte Carlo simulation to really kind of figure out what the right answer for Discovery is, right? What's going to produce, essentially the best least volatile answer, that most accurately reflects the lost content and in the portfolio. So I would say the technology is largely in place. Now we're in the process of running these Monte Carlo simulations to figure out how exactly we want to think about this going forward. So parallel, yes, some point in time this year we will go to a full parallel. There's no question about that. And as we said at that point in time, once we have a sense of what that CECL reserve is going to look like, we feel like we have a disclosure obligation we’d put in front of you. I would say right now, I would just underscore what we said before and that is in a CECL environment reserves will be higher and more volatile for consumer loans. As that’s just the nature of the beast in terms of the way the standard is set and it would work. On the positive note, we continue to interact heavily with the FASB along with a number of our peer institutions, who are also actively engaged. There is a proposal out there to run, a lot of the volatility created CECL through AOCI as opposed to through the income statement and we're hopeful that the powers that we will see the wisdom in that instead of creating a truckload of EPS volatility that doesn't reflect the underlying trends in the business.
Mark Graf: No I would say mathematically I agree with your conclusion, Moshe. It really -- we've seen some pretty big increases in the personal loan book and I think we've kind of called that out and talked about that one as you know pretty extensively in the past. We're hopeful that we can actually produce a better result than what we called out over the course of the last couple of quarters in terms of looking into 2019 there. But we're early in the year, so I'm not going to declare victory. But yes, the rate of increase in the charge-offs in the card book continues to moderate. We feel very good about that student loan book you can see in the supplement the statistics there is performing exceptionally well. So unless something else pops up that changes the trend it really does feel that both the card and the student businesses are performing really well from a credit perspective right now.
Mark Graf: You bet. So I think there is a couple of pieces embedded in there. We do over indexed as a card to gas tends to be on the order of these days of about 5% of our sales. That's down from about 10% of our overall sales when gas prices were higher. So there definitely is a muting impact associated with the decline in gas prices there is no question about that. Certainly an element of it reflects just the tightening around the margin that Roger referenced earlier in terms of our credit standards, in terms of booking new accounts. And then the third piece of it obviously is look personal loans we've talked about we expect to be a -- pretty much a flat to a very modestly growing book. And that's a book that over the last couple of years has been a significantly higher grower. So I think taking that growth component out of the mix as well also has an impact. So put all those together and that's kind of how we're triangulating on that range.
Mark Graf: Yes, I mean, I think we intend to not to focus on any specific one competitor. So I would say in general the refi volume touch them, but just the whole growth of student loan refi has had an impact on our payment rate. And so that's something we're watching closely. We still been able to grow through that, but it's had a noticeable impact. And so, I think we'll see how sustainable that is both; A, as those companies at some point need to focus on profitability; and then, B, also as rate have risen. So refi does have an impact, but we are continuing to grow through it.
Mark Graf: Sure I’d be happy to. In the fourth quarter this is in a sniper rifle kind of estimate. It's more of ballpark estimate, but I would say about two thirds of the provisioning was related to new accounts, about one third of the provisioning ballpark was related to the seasoning of the backlog, again reflecting that moderating pace of normalization taking place across the industry that we referenced earlier.
