Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Eric, and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I'll begin by reviewing the highlights and key metrics for the year, then John will take you through the details of our fourth quarter results and our perspectives on 2022. 2021 was another year of unique challenges related to the pandemic, and I'm very pleased that once again, the Discover team was able to successfully execute against our business priorities in a fluid operating environment. This was evident in our fourth quarter results which were the capstone to an outstanding year. For the fourth quarter, we earned $1.1 billion after tax or $3.64 per share; and for the full year, $5.4 billion after tax or $17.83 per share. These results underscore the strength of our differentiated model and were achieved as we continue to make meaningful enhancements to our capabilities and invest for future growth. Let me share a few examples from this past year. Throughout 2021, we continue to make advancements to our data and analytics platform, enhancing our capabilities in areas including targeting, collections and fraud detection. We also made investments in machine learning to provide faster and better insights to improve customer personalization. And we continue to modernize our infrastructure and build out our hybrid cloud platform. We also opened a new customer care center in Chatham, a vibrant African-American community on Chicago South side. Once fully operational, the center will provide nearly 1,000 full-time jobs. Our Chatham Center challenges the traditional notions of corporate site selection, has helped us connect with a talented pool of diverse candidates and suppliers, is transforming how we approach diversity, equity and inclusion and it is already performing at an industry-leading level. We hope our commitment to Chatham will serve as a springboard for further economic development in other areas that have long been denied opportunity. Slide 4 of our presentation captures another important element of our results, which was our pivot into new account acquisition as the economic recovery took hold in late 2020 and early 2021. In the face of intensifying competition, our value proposition of cashback rewards, no annual fee and industry-leading service remain very attractive to consumers. The strong level of card acquisition contributed to our return to loan growth over the second half of last year. In payments, we continue to expand our business, increase network volume and establish new strategic partnerships. We expanded global acceptance and announced new network alliances in Portugal, Bahrain, Jordan and Malaysia that will benefit us as cross-border travel recovers. We remain committed to building out our international acceptance, and we'll continue to make investments to expand our reach. Our record earnings through the year generated significant capital, which we continue to put to good use. In addition to our investments in acquisition, brands, technology and people, we also returned significant capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks by repurchasing $2.3 billion of common stock and increasing our quarterly dividend by 14%. As we look forward into 2022, I'm very optimistic about the trajectory of our business. While macroeconomic conditions created strong tailwinds this past year, we acted on opportunities to strengthen our business, actions that will drive long-term value this year and beyond. We start the new year in an excellent position, and I'm confident that our integrated digital banking and payments model will continue to create long-term value for our shareholders and customers. I'll now ask John to discuss key aspects of our quarterly financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, we don't disclose the number of new accounts. But what I would say in terms of credit, our card credit policies are pretty much on top of where they were pre-pandemic. Costs have gone up since the low levels that we saw during the pandemic as we sort of kept marketing and a lot of others pulled back. But I would say, as we look forward into 2022, our expectation is that the cost per account will be roughly where it was pre-pandemic.
Roger Hochschild: And just to build on that, we look pretty carefully by merchant, by customer segment. There's nothing to support a view that buy now, pay later is having any impact on payment rate.
Roger Hochschild: Good question, Sanjay. As I mentioned earlier, our forecast for next year is cost per account, relatively flat to where it was before the pandemic. And so I think this sort of focus on competition is a little bit overblown. The card business is just always competitive. You have big players with good capabilities. Each issuer out there has their set of products, set of channels. And I think some natural limits on how much money they can be put to work effectively. So I don't see it as a particularly high risk to our 2022 growth forecast. And we have a very differentiated product, we're seeing good benefits on the acquisition side, from our investments in analytics. So we feel good even in the current environment.
Roger Hochschild: It will, of course, vary by segment. But certainly, households that are seeing rising incomes will have a greater ability for debt service. And for many households, that's how they determine how much debt they take on. It's complicated a bit by some households still having pent-up savings from strong earnings and not many opportunities to spend. And of course, other costs going up, whether it's child care or day-to-day expenses, on 1 hand, will drive increases in sales. But on the other hand, decreases disposable income for debt service. So a mix of factors, but we, net-net, we'd expect strong consumer demand for credit next year.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So student loans, we feel really good about where we're positioned in the market, our products, our brand, our ability to take share. What's a bit the wildcard is just enrollment. And I think enrollments were down year-over-year, which was a surprise to, I think, the entire higher education industry. There's a bit of a correlation, the stronger the job market fewer people decide to pursue an education because they're making too much outside. So I think it will be more that factor, and we'll see peak season. But I'm confident in our ability to continue gaining share. For personal loans, we took a little longer to return to pre-pandemic credit criteria for that product, just given the higher volatility. But as John said, quarter-over-quarter, we're now flat. And so we would expect that to return to growth in 2022.
Roger Hochschild: So John talked about promotional balances as having an impact on NIM. I would say a lot of that is driven by new accounts. So as you ramp up new accounts, you'll see that, but also portfolio activity as well.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Certainly, we're always looking for new opportunities on the payment side of our business. And there, the versatility of our capabilities, you saw some of that with our partnership with Sezzle in terms of our ability to provide easier connectivity to merchants. So on the payment side, both in the U.S. and globally, we're looking for opportunities. On the card side, we feel really good about the product set we have. We are virtually 100% focused on consumer. I think there is a huge opportunity to continue to grow our non-card products. And so we talked about investing more in marketing our deposit products before the pandemic. Clearly, when we were in a significant excess liquidity position. It didn't make sense to put a lot of marketing behind deposits. But that's something I would expect to see in 2022.
Roger Hochschild: We continue to push out. I think what you heard in the call, our favorite way of expanding internationally through network-to-network partnerships. It is just much more cost-effective than working with individual acquirers, although we do that as well. There's also a big focus on acceptance in the U.S. around the migration to digital. So working with other networks on secure remote commerce, everything from transit implementations, but again, we're now up to 26 net-to-net partnerships, and feel that there's room to continue growing recently announced a partnership in Serbia actually this week.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I don't think we said we expected diminishing returns on marketing. Credit is pretty similar to what it was pre-pandemic and I mentioned our projected cost per account. And a lot of our marketing does go to new accounts. Cost per account, we're projecting that to be pretty much on top of where it was pre-pandemic. Different issuers certainly have different business models. There's one who's particularly focused on subprime, others are much more aggressive at the super prime. We have been very clear for many, many years that ours is a lend-focused business going after that prime revolver segment. We've tailored our products for that, our underwriting capabilities. And again, we feel very good about the return we're getting on the dollars we spend in marketing.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I think clearly, what everyone's watching is buy now pay later. As I mentioned earlier, we haven't seen that have a noticeable impact on our base. In my mind, it's closer to traditional sales finance. So there have always been competing products out there, whether it's on the private label side, whether it's personal loans for debt consolidation, et cetera. So we focus on getting a broad mix of spend. Even through this year, we're seeing strong performance across every category. Travel is holding up actually in January surprisingly well, given the state of that pandemic. So we think we'll continue to grow across categories. And in fact, as one of the beauties of our 5% program, it sort of reinforces different categories of spend on a rotating basis as opposed to products that are really particularly tailored to an individual category of spend.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, good question. I think our perspective may be a little different than some of the big banks. And of course, we have a narrower range of businesses. So I can't really comment on some of their investment. Certainly, we are focused on competing with the fintechs, but it's not just about spending money. It reminds me of -- it's like someone saying, I'm just going to keep eating more and more until I lose weight. The competition -- those fintechs are not spending more on technology. Our focus is around capabilities, it's on agility, it's on speed to market. And so if you look at last year, once you sort of sort through for onetime items, technology spend was relatively flat, but that doesn't mean there wasn't a huge focus around our capabilities. We've talked about our investments in data and analytics. So it's really more about speed, and you don't get there just through sheer dollars of spending.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, so great question. We're focused on a hybrid cloud strategy, so a mix of both. I think there's -- sometimes companies seem to take a purist element that there's something great about having 100% of your applications on the cloud, whether or not your GL resides on the cloud, it’s not going to really make a difference for your business. But we are heavy users of the public cloud, in particular, for our data and analytics areas where the speed and massive amounts of storage are critically important.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. No, we haven't. And I think it's important to note that the life of loan losses, assumptions we use for new account underwriting is not driven by where losses are currently. So John  all portfolio performance and what we're seeing. But we use sort of by segment and actually by individual account forecasts of life of loan as we determine our marketing and credit criteria.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, great question. In general, the competition takes the form of higher rewards, increased marketing spend. You'll see some players start putting up big onetime signing bonuses as they look to grow. Some players may start extending their promotional periods. But given sort of the inability to reprice cards post CARD Act, you tend not to see it drive yield compression. And as I mentioned earlier, a lot of those products and the competition seems to be targeting that sort of super prime transactor segment, that is not one that we aggressively go after. So our projection for flat cost per account next year reflects our view on our ability to compete in this environment.
John Greene: Yes. Hey, Moshe, I'll take that one. So we'll react based on the company performance and opportunities that we see in the marketplace. So, over the past couple of years, I feel like the team has done a really, really good job in terms of making calls, in terms of expense allocations. We'll continue to do that to make sure that we're positioned for growth and marching towards the positive operating leverage that we talked about.
John Greene: Great. Mark, thanks for the questions. So what we're seeing in the portfolio is really, really strong performance. I think the numbers in the quarter demonstrate that. We are seeing some difference between higher FICO and lower FICO account performance overall within expectations. So what we're projecting here is a slow normalization of credit, and in terms of the guidance that we reflected here, we've got pretty good line of sight to the first 6 months, just as the accounts will go through the normal roll rates and gives us an ability to predict quite accurately. Once we get out beyond 6 months, we rely more heavily on our models and the models themselves are built with a number of assumptions. '21 was -- frankly, was a tough year to call based on how we had designed our models and what actually happened in the portfolio. So what we decided to do is give, from my standpoint, a relatively broad range that we think over time we'll be able to tighten. And in terms of lower end versus higher end, strong portfolio performance, the slight difference that we saw between the higher FICO and the lower FICOs, that continuing to kind of roll out as we expect. And a positive macro environment should bring us towards the lower end.
John Greene: Yes. There is a level of mean revision in there in the second part of the year. And just -- one other piece of, I'll say, information, so you can think about the breakout, at least this is how we thought about it, of charge-offs, the predominant piece in the second half of the year. So you can think 45-55 split between first half and second half. And we'll continue to update that over the year.
John Greene: Yes, it's actually a pretty complex question there. So rather than try to hit each of the elements, I'll give you a view in terms of how we thought about NIM for 2021. So we do expect some impact to NIM from credit normalization. We also -- we also are expecting a higher mix of BT and promotional balances, which will also impact net interest margin. We do get nice fees from that, but certainly, net interest margin will be impacted. The revolve rate as the payment rate starts to normalize, we'll see some benefits there. Fed funds rate changes, we plan for 2, 2 in the year. If there's more, that will create some upside. And in terms of impact there, you could expect per Fed change somewhere between 3 bps and 5 bps on a total year basis on NIM depending on timing. And then funding, we're still going to see some funding benefit from the actions we did to optimize our debt stack in '20 and '21. So from that standpoint, it gets us to about flat, but there's a lot of moving pieces. In terms of deposit pricing, there's still a wide gap between where we're priced and the brick-and-mortar banks are priced. So somewhere close to 45 basis points. Now the digital banks, most have increased deposit pricing, about 10 basis points over the past 3 to 4 weeks. We're a lagger on that. At some point, our funding needs and competitive dynamics will be such that we'll take a look and make appropriate changes and we'll do that throughout the year. So the deposit betas, specifics around that, I would rather think about competitive dynamics and funding needs in order to get a view on how we're going to price deposits on the up cycle.
John Greene: Yes. So we go through a pretty robust process every single quarter to make sure that our reserves are fairly stated under GAAP. Now when we did CECL day 1, we had -- we were seeing charge-offs in the low 3s, and we ended up posting reserve rate of, I think it was 6.09%. So as we look at where we are today, where it's at around 7.2, assuming strong credit performance and a positive macroeconomic outlook, my sense is that there is some opportunity to take that reserve rate closer to day 1.
John Greene: Yes. I wouldn't say there's an 80-20 rule on payment rate. So quite honestly, as we looked at it, in 2021, we didn't call the curve right. And so what we did in the '22 guidance is assumed a very modest decrease in payment rate. We felt like that derisked our loan growth. In terms of kind of behaviors between revolvers and transactors, that payment rate's been relatively consistent. The 1 difference in our portfolio is the new accounts that we originated in 2020 tended to be higher FICOs. So more of those tend to transact versus revolve. But we'll see as the liquidity ends up getting used in the overall economy and what that does to payment rates. So we've modeled it multiple different ways. There's really no standard rule of thumb. It's frankly somewhat dynamic in terms of what we're seeing month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter.
John Greene: Yes. So the big driver there was obviously discount and interchange revenue, which was up 28% year-over-year and then after rewards cost 43% in the quarter. So super strong growth there, which that will generally run consistent with sales, and we're expecting sales not to stay in the mid 20s, but kind of come down to kind of strong double-digits and then into weaker double-digits by the fourth quarter. I don’t know if that's right or not, it seems like there's been a lot of benefit from the new account acquisition and also where our card has been positioned with people's wallets. So that's been positive. There's also the factor that people are using less cash and charging more. So that'll continue to benefit sales, interchange and net discount and interchange.  In terms of the other items, the amount of cash in the economy actually helped cash advance fees which was positive. And our expectation is that we'll have outside of discount and interchange growth, growth fairly similar to net interest income. 
John Greene: We specifically commented on positive operating leverage. So as we deliver that, obviously, the efficiency ratio will improve. My expectation is that we can get into the high 30s within the medium term. So we built the plan essentially contemplating significant investment in marketing and then working through the other elements of the cost structure in order to create as much efficiency and capacity to drive new growth. As that model continues to build upon itself, my expectation is that those high 30 numbers are certainly very, very achievable.
John Greene: Yes. So it will be difficult to expand more deeply upon the comments that I've already made. So we do expect it to increase sequentially. There is some degree of seasonality I don't view that as like a material driver to what we're going to be seeing. And I also mentioned that the charge-offs are more first half of the year, and that we've got pretty decent line of sight to the first half. So that's split out somewhere around 45 first half, 55 second half is probably as deep as I can go on the charge-off numbers right now.
John Greene: Yes, Bob, I'll take that. We've been really pleased with the sales running through the card. The inflation has had a small impact. So you think kind of on average, maybe 1% to 2% in ‘21. In ‘22, we didn't model that out specifically. My sense is it would be 2%.
John Greene: Yes. So we assumed -- thanks for the questions. We assumed 2 rate hikes in our guidance. And in terms of payment rate, as I said, very modest improvement, so -- or a reduction. So if payment rate were to normalize at the pace you just described, which I don't think it will, but if it were to do that, it would certainly be very accretive to the loan growth. I'm not going to get into specifics whether it takes us to double-digits or not.
John Greene: From my perspective, no, and I'll tell you why. First, the macros are the macroeconomic conditions that are super positive, right? So there's more job openings than there are people looking for jobs. The consumers will have more dollars into their paycheck as a result of this inflation. And there is a substantial amount of savings still left in the economy from -- largely from kind of change in behaviors and government stimulus. So I'm not frankly seeing that as a risk in 2023 -- excuse me, 2022. As we get out into 2023, there's less certainty around that.
John Greene: Yes. So when we -- let me start with the reserves because it plays into the rest of your question. So when we looked at reserves for the quarter, what we wanted to see was the impact of the ending, the end of most of the government support programs. Most ended in September. So we had 1 quarter worth of data. We looked at it, we saw no real change to the portfolio dynamics. We're hoping to see another quarter and then reevaluate overall reserve rate. But that day 1 number and the -- I'll say, the normalized charge-offs in the 3s would support a view that down the road, we'll have some opportunity on reserves. In terms of new vintages and the kind of charge-off impacts from those, this company has been through years and years of cycles with new vintages. We're very thoughtful in terms of how we do the underwriting. We've got some improvements from the -- within underwriting from the advanced analytic tools that we've put in place. So my sense is a portfolio seasons, we're going to see some increase in charge-offs, but well within the expectations of how we underwrite and well within the expectations of this guidance and the macroeconomic outlook.
John Greene: Yes. It's in the kind of roll to one, so on delinquent bucket out there. And the fact that we're talking about it is, I'll say, is intended to indicate that we're paying attention to the entire portfolio, and that we have a growing comfort in terms of how the credit outlook is in the performance of the company into '22.
John Greene: So the kind of the promotional balance content of the portfolio, we tend not to kind of go into expansive detail about that. So my comments on net interest margins should give an indication that we intend to use that as a tool to help some origination activity. In terms of the protection revenue, so we have an existing product that we stopped marketing some time ago. It’s essentially providing value to the customer set. But if you don't market a tool, obviously, revenue line gets impacted. We have a new product that we launched, very, very soft launch that we actually haven't done any broad marketing yet. So my expectation is that, that line will be flat to down in '22.
