David W. Nelms: Well, first, we're not in any way exiting that business. It's a great business, and we basically need to pull back the growth to maintain our returns, but we're still putting on new accounts, just, probably it will be fewer than needed to replace attrition by the end of this year. And I would say that a lot of it is fintechs. I don't know – I guess you'd call Goldman, I don't know if you really called him a fintech, but you've got some people like them that haven't traditionally been in the business that are also entering. It is by far the easiest product to enter, a lot easier than credit cards or student loans. And we have seen this in past cycles, where people enter, and a lot of times a crisis sorts things – a credit cycle sorts things out. But I would just say that mainly these new entrants have produced, as I mentioned, more direct mail in the first half of this year than credit cards. And that market is about 15% the size of credit cards. So, there's a lot going out there. And that impacts cost per account, but also the availability of credit will impact credit, and so to maintain our discipline, we need to selectively tighten and be more selective on how we're marketing.
David W. Nelms: Co-brands. One of the things we have is the Discover brand. We're not issuing Visa/Mastercards. We have differentiation. We have leading service, and frankly, optimizing and extending Discover-branded products, I think has shown to produce the highest returns. And we're also outgrowing, at the moment, all those people who actually have co-brand programs.
David W. Nelms: And I would say the competitive environment is pretty stable compared to the last two quarters. It's still well off it's – I guess frothier stage from a year, year and a half ago, and I think generally, I've seen most of the prime competitors just maybe slowing loan growth to the low single digits, if you take out any acquisitions that they might have had, and sales growth, pretty close to where we are. Maybe a touch higher, but this quarter, our sales growth really moved up quite a bit, and we're right there with the other guys on sales. And I think generally, people – my take is people started seeing higher rewards cost a year ago, and most recently and started making some adjustments, so we have seen some tapering off of some of the most aggressive rewards programs. We've seen some taping off of marketing spend and volumes, and that has really helped us with some costs per accounts that look really attractive and our ability to maintain a pretty stable rewards rate, and good – stable pricing, but still growing faster.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that we will continue to focus on trying to grow revenues faster than expenses. And for a number of years, we've been having very nice revenue growth. But normalization pushes back against the PBT growth. And yet, we're earning very high returns. So, a lot of the EPS growth has come from buybacks. And if at some point, the normalization slows, that would be what should allow us to then start growing PBT again. But we're not providing guidance at this point. So, I don't want to get into specific targets. But I guess one thing I would say, is that our total asset base is much larger today than it was five years ago. And so essentially we've maintained a PBT while the ROA has gradually come down. I think that's very healthy, because I think a few years ago we were probably overearning. We had, maybe an unsustainably high ROA, if you look at the long-term potential in a card business, and so I think we're now starting off with a more reasonable ROA, and if we can then, kind of, get to a point where we maintain that ROA, but continue to grow our loans, that then translates into PBT growth.
David W. Nelms: And Bob, one thing that I would just add – we were just looking at some returns back from when we spun off, and our EPS over the year up until last year, was 18% compounded EPS growth. But essentially, it all came the first four year – or there was a huge jump in the first couple of years. That's when we had a huge jump in PBT, but after the crisis, we had some big reserve releases which gradually diminished. That turn gradually builds. And so it's – you almost have to look at it across the full cycle, it looks great, but you – depending on what part of the cycle is, it's lumpy. You get huge surges and then you, kind of, give back the ROA for a period of time. And so we feel really good that we've been able to maintain profitability even with a lot higher charge off rate, and much more normal charge off rate of about 3%, than when we were charging off at 2% and had reserve releases from a number of years ago.
David W. Nelms: I'd say, Betsy, our strategy has been very consistent, in that, we target people that are credit worthy, but at least have some propensity to maybe revolve at some point. I think everyone knows that, if you think rewards pretty much offset interchange, if someone's a lifetime transactor, there is no revenue from that customer. And so we've continued to, therefore, focus on profitable resolvers. And some of our boost in transactor volume is more of a return to normal. Because there's fewer competitive offers that were pulling away some of the transactors from us a year ago and two years ago, particularly in some of the Sam's and Costco wars, and some of the people really targeting very high-end transactors. So to some degree, the grocery category also had an impact this quarter, because that seems to be more transacted. But generally, it's just bounced back to probably more normal levels, where loan and sales growth are about the same for us this quarter.
David W. Nelms: It did. Our gas purchases are up 25% year-over-year. And that was a negative for several years, and it's flipped around to be a positive.
David W. Nelms: Well, we're very pleased with the results in the first half of the year. We've had virtually no marketing, but with the redesign of the reward component early this year, we've seen a much higher per month take-up rate, doubled our new accounts per month. We do expect to do some marketing in the second half of the year. We'll be introducing a new plastic design, and some additional feature functionality here shortly, but it will probably be next year before we're really ready to put more serious marketing heft behind it as we continue to get experience on the marketing and the fraud patterns and adding more feature functionality. We want to do this right. It'll be a gradual build. And over the very long term, we think it's very important, but we don't want to go too fast too early.
David W. Nelms: I wouldn't – we're going to be pulling back, but I don't – I'm not sure what percentage it is, but don't think that that volume is going to go away for us. I mean we're keeping disciplined. We're mailing segments that work. Our cost per account actually has held up remarkably well considering the volumes. In fact, one of the things that seems to be as a lot of that marketing that we're seeing out there, is not going to the same people that we're sending to. We're seeing people send many more pieces of mail than we think are good credit risks, and we see some people going maybe into sub-prime marketing, which obviously we're not in. So I would think about maybe some expense pullback, but it's not going to be material to the company, and it doesn't get us out of the range that, Mark, kind of, reaffirmed that we expect for the year for the full company.
David W. Nelms: And essentially we'll continue to mark it down to the marginal return being strong, and there's still a lot of good personal loan business out there that has strong marginal returns as long as one keeps the pricing and credit discipline, which we're doing.
R. Mark Graf: And I think, Sanjay, I'd just add to that. I mean, we've been pretty consistent all along, in saying global domination in this business has never made sense, right? It's a business where discipline and humility matter a great deal. And risk-adjusted returns rule the way we think about things at Discover. So it's just time to feather the accelerator a little bit.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, absolutely, I would say, Don, maybe the right place to start is a quick walk to Q1. So if you think about the benefit of the Fed rate increase we saw go through there, just on a pure rate per rate basis point, that was a 10 basis point good guy in the quarter to NIM. We had 12 basis points of bad guys that were essentially half and half. BT and promo mix in the portfolio coming in higher than we thought it would be, and then a real uptick in transactor volume, which obviously is a good guy on the gross interchange side of the equation and the sales growth side of the equation, so maybe dilutive to margin in that regard, but obviously a good guy elsewhere on the income statement. Got really good visibility into the BT and the promo mix, already see that coming down, so very comfortable there. Promos right now are about 21% of the book roughly, and we see that declining over the remainder of the year, pretty significantly. So, again, feel good about that. Transactor volume is obviously the wild card. If we continue to see a stronger level of transactor engagement, that could mute it somewhat, but it would still make its way into the range that we've set out for the full year.
R. Mark Graf: So from my perspective, Ryan, I'd say we continue to feel good about that 7% to 9% range we've talked about for total loan growth for the year. Card obviously came in above that range. It came in at 10% this quarter, although down somewhat – still rounded to 10%, but down somewhat from where it was last quarter. Obviously, with a little less BT and promo volume, we would expect to see some slowing in card loan growth there as we go on through the course of the year, and that's reflected not only in our NIM thoughts for the year, but also our overall financial outlook for the year at this point as well.
R. Mark Graf: A lot in there, Ryan. I'll try to touch on all of it. I guess I would say, first and foremost, we continue to see quarter-over-quarter a – what I guess I would call a lessening of the slope of the normalization curve for three consecutive quarters now, in the card space, which feels very good. This quarter about 50% of the reserve build was driven by the front book about 50% was driven by the back book. That's a lesser percentage off the back book, which I'd tell you, we, again, saw the pace of that normalization in the quarter continuing to mute. Not ready to declare a seminal change at this point in time based upon one quarter's trajectory, but at the end of the day, clearly in the quarter we saw improvement in the consumer's ability to service their debt. Overall macro, factors continue to feel good. Leverage is manageable on the part of the consumer. Unemployment's strong. You've got strong consumer confidence, so the environment feels pretty good, and we're very confident in that 3% to 3.25% range we put out there for charge offs on a full year basis.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so we did – Mark, you're right, we did see a coincident improvement in credit along with the – at the same when payroll processors changed their withholding levels. Can't prove causality there, but there was clearly a coincident change. Since that point in time, though, we think that produced about $100 in the pocket of our average customer give or take. Since that point in time, though, we've seen gas prices creep back up that would theoretically have eaten into that, so it's a little unclear exactly what the net impact, the tax reform is at this point. I'm clearly not a bad guy in and of itself in isolation. But it's a little unclear how much of a good guy it is. The overall improvement we're seeing, in terms of, again, that muting of the pace of growth in that normalization curve on the back book would lead me to conclude it's something more than a $100 in the pockets of every individual consumer that's driving that. But I would say tax definitely belongs as one of the good guys on the list. In terms of what the refund scenario could look like at the beginning of next year, candidly, I don't think we spent a lot of time noodling over that one right now. But it's something good for us to think about as we move forward.
R. Mark Graf: Absolutely. You will see a denominator effect, Mark, as that (00:26:04), that lapping or the slowing of the growth. So I would expect charge-offs in that book to continue to rise from where they are right now. You'll have seasoning of the vintages we have booked. You'll have the normalization that still continues that we just got done talking about in the card space, but clearly applies here as well. You'll have the effect of slowing growth from the sub-segments we exited, that we talked about over the course of the last couple quarters. And then you'll have the incremental effect of the pull-back we're doing here. So, the ultimate dollars of losses we take won't be any higher. But because you won't be bringing on as many new accounts, the denominator effect will kick in, and you'll see the loss rate pick up.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I think that right now as we look, Eric, we see the consumers' level of leverage, in our book, as measured by debt-to-income really coming back toward the levels it was at prior to the crisis, so let's call it normalization. But the nature of that leverage has changed pretty dramatically. Prior to the crisis, the vast majority was variable rate in nature and was housed in an ARM. So, as rates were rising, that consumer had a real double whammy and came under a significant degree of stress. Today, less than 10% of the consumer debt out there is variable rate. So you've got fixed rate and most of the growth that we have seen of recent years too has been really in fixed-rate product. It's been in Federal student loans, it's been in auto loan, it's been in personal loan. So, it feels like the levels of leverage are really returning to more normal levels, but that the composition of that leverage feels a little bit healthier than we saw before. But clearly, that has been what's been driving the normalization that we've been experiencing along with all the other issuers in the back book. We're not seeing big movements in incidence rate. It's up a little, but we're not seeing big movements in incidence rates. It's really severities that are up. And that's just because when people go bad, they're carrying more debt, and the losses that all the lenders take are bigger.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so the marginal beta was 10 basis points that we saw on the last Fed move. The cumulative beta thus far, since the rates have started rising, has been 46. So continue to feel good about that. There has been a high degree of variability, in terms of – I think with the excess liquidity the Fed pumped into the system with their QE and the tapering hasn't gone on long enough now. You still have an excess of deposits kicking around in the system a little bit. And that's made the path of normalization of beta a little bit lumpier than it would have otherwise been because we've seen betas on some rate moves as high as 80. Again, the beta on the most recent move was 10 bps and cumulatively, we're sitting at a 46 since rates started to rise. So we feel really good about that, and we think a big chunk of that performance is tied to the fact that 60% of those depositors have got a relationship with us on the asset side of the balance sheet.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, it's probably a step further than I'm prepared to go at this point in time, would be the honest answer, Rick. Not ready to declare victory on that point yet. We've had a couple of quarters watching that normalization flatten. We've had a couple of quarters where normal seasonality seems to be occurring. So I agree with all your data points. Just not quite ready to make that call at this point in time. But we do feel very good and constructive about the credit environment. And we're hopeful that we actually do get comfortable making that call at some point here.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah I would say that – we set the reserves on a quarterly basis, and we set them based on what we see emerge in the course of that quarter, in terms of 12-month-forward-looking losses. So we're too early in the quarter this year for me to be able to sit back and prognosticate on exactly what that's going to look like. I would be so bold as to say we continue to see that flattening that we talked about earlier continue thus far in the quarter. So, that's obviously a positive indicator. But reserves will set once we have the benefit of a lot more information as the quarter moves on.
R. Mark Graf: Bob, I would say on that front, that's something we evaluate every year and think about every year, but those are really meant to be through the cycle guides as opposed to annual guides. I'd just kind of – I'd echo David's comments that the EPS drivers really are going to be in this business, it's loan growth, it's NIM, it's expense management, it's capital management and it's underwriting credit card performance, right? Those are going to be the key levers, and I appreciate in your question, given the way you asked it, because you're right, we focus on long-term value creation and those drivers that we control. And we're not – at Discover, we're really not going to get caught up in what folks are looking for this quarter or next quarter. We're going to run the compound shareholder value over the long haul.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I would say the expense growth is really a function, Chris, of the business growth, right? So, we talked about it at the beginning of the year when we gave that annual guidance that we were going to be investing a chunk of the benefits of tax reform not only into advanced data and analytics capabilities, but also into some growth-related activities. Those continue throughout the course of the year, and the pacing of those is not exactly linear, I would say, would be the right way to think about it. At the end of the day, we do believe we have the ability to drive the efficiency ratio lower over time. We definitely had a lot more expense leverage in the model than you're seeing out of this, thus far this year, right? But as a kid who grew up on a farm, I'll use my farm analogy and that is you make hay while the sun shines. And we've got a great investment to invest for that growth. We've got a great opportunity to continue to enhance our digital and analytic capability. And back to that thought about running the business for the long haul, this is the year we're choosing to make those investments. You saw 4% positive operating leverage out of us each of the last two years. This is a business model that naturally produces that positive operating leverage. It's just a choice we've made consciously to build for growth this year, to invest for the future this year.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, we invested pretty heavily as part of those growth expenses we talked about early in the year, Betsy. And part of that investment, in that case, went toward balance transfer activities. Those mailings and those digital placements have not continued at anywhere near the same pace. Normally when you stop those mailings and digital placements, you start to see fall-off in the volume that's coming on from those offers sooner than we did this time. So, we are now seeing the fall-off from those offers. We're clearly seeing the pieces of the puzzle align that's very comfortable that with a much lower level of balance transfer offering going forward than having changed the program a little bit as well, that that trajectory is going to continue and feel good that we will see 1% or more reduction over the course of the year in the level of promo balances in the portfolio today.
R. Mark Graf: We have seen in the most recent quarters a slowdown in the rate of a drop-off from the above 660, into the below 660 book. So yes, we have seen that. I really don't want to hazard a guess for you here on the call in terms of exactly what the moving parts and pieces of that are, other than to point back to what we've already talked about, and that being specifically the level of normalization, that curve is beginning to become muted. I think the people who were overleveraged are, kind of, working their way through the system at this point in time a little bit. And at this point, looking at the roles in the buckets, looking at the current delinquency situation, credit is encouraging, right? That's not saying we expect credit to turn around and start having reserve releases, I don't want you to misunderstand. But clearly we see a very clear path where the health of the book is clearly still very good, and any signs of stress are moderating.
R. Mark Graf: Considerably high right now. That 46 cumulative beta we're sitting at right now, is well below what our through the cycle expectations are, and the 10 basis point marginal beta on the most recent move is obviously – the 40 beta, rather, with the 10 basis point move is obviously well below. So, I would say we still have rate good guys from the positioning of the balance sheet and the deposit book.
R. Mark Graf: So the book re-prices, if you think about it, on the next cycle date after a Fed move. So, there's not a particularly large lag on the revolving balances we have. I think you rightly called out the moving parts and pieces. It's the level of promotional activity, which is coming in higher than we expected it to in the first half of the year, which has had a muting effect on that card yield number for sure. And the level of transactors we saw emerge in the book, obviously has a muting effect as well, because ultimately at the end of the day, that's a zero percent interest earning balance you're carrying. So, our NIM guidance in terms of sticking to our full year thoughts obviously implies we expect to see improvement in the combination of those categories. So, I would expect you'd see more flow through to card yield as we look forward here.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I would say Moshe, most of it gets reallocated, right? To the extent there's pullback, we'll reallocate it because we continue to see great opportunities elsewhere to drive great risk-adjusted returns. So, this is not a reflection of some giant concern we have in our personal loan book. It's really more reflective of what we said earlier, there's times when in this business, you want to be on the accelerator, and there's times in this business where you want a slightly lighter foot. And so I think it's really more that and those expenses will get reallocated largely.
R. Mark Graf: So the big macros they go into their reserve, Moshe, it would be, unemployment is a biggy. That one is obviously continuing to perform at a benign fashion as you think about the forward 12 months. I think Moody's has been the outlier there in terms of forecasting, and they continue to kick the can down the road on when they see that tick up. I would say nonfarm payrolls would be a big input in terms of what we see, and that continues to go well. Initial bankruptcy claims are a big one. We don't see a significant movement there at this point in time. Consumer confidence is a big input, that remains strong. It's deteriorated a little bit, but remains very strong. That's been just choppy with all of the geopolitical and political noise out there. HPI continues to be a big input. That has continued to be strong across the spectrum, so that's why when we talk about a good environment, Moshe, in which to continue generating quality loans, the backdrop right now continues to feel very healthy on the part of the consumer. It doesn't mean you don't look for those pockets where, okay, there is signs of things getting a little long in the tooth emerging some of these segments in personal loans and the like, and you feather the accelerator there, and you reallocate toward areas where you see additional opportunities.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, we didn't say anything about tax rate, but I'll go ahead and say, we're comfortable with the tax rate.
R. Mark Graf: I wouldn't validate the 10.50 number, but I would validate that it's definitely a big jump. There's no question. Through the first two quarters, we're sitting at a 10.22. That's not lost on us in any way, shape, means, or form. And obviously we see a significant movement in the balance transfer and promo portion of the portfolio, as you might imagine, preparing for this call. And we spent a lot of time looking at that and making sure and pressure testing. And we feel confident that we're going to see meaningful uptick in the NIM in the remainder of the year, and that for the full-year basis, that guidance still feels good. The other thing I would say is, just to be clear, maybe give you a little bit of a peek under tent in this regard too, it was never our expectation that NIM was going to be flat, higher across the full course of the year anyway. We knew some of the growth investments we were making earlier in the year would have some muting effect there as well. Again, some of them just had more of a halo effect for longer than we thought they would.
R. Mark Graf: So BT retention at the expiration of the BT continues to be economically positive, continues to perform well. That being said, in a rising rate environment, there's only so much of your balance sheet, you want to allocate to that BT environment. And again, kudos to our marketing team, they designed stuff that really worked and stuck around longer. It worked better than we expected it to. So, we ended up with a little bit more of the balance sheet there. And again, that feathers off as we move forward throughout the remainder of the year pretty meaningfully. But I would say, BTs remain economic. At this point in time, the retention is good there. And the NPV of those offers continue to be positive and good. In terms of the transactor side of the equation, I would say the answer to your question is it it's a both/and. It is both transactors engaged at a higher level, higher degree of velocity. They were a greater portion of our spend increase to this quarter than they have been in a meaningful period of time. And the cost of carrying that transactor float is obviously a little bit higher too, as rates have risen. So, our quarter-over-quarter comment really is reflective more of their percentage competition of the growth. But as time goes on, obviously the cost of that float goes up. And that will be a piece too.
