Roger Hochschild: So in terms of the announcement on SRC, we are very excited as a member of EMVCo to be part of that. I think it's really fundamentally going to be great for consumers. It reflects the industry moving forward to significantly enhance the online checkout experience. I think it'll be a great step forward. So we're very excited to be part of it.
Roger Hochschild: I think it’s probably too early to talk about share shift, but to the extent that we’re working with other networks on a seamless integrated customer experience. We think that’ll help our cardholders and be good for our business.
Roger Hochschild: We don’t necessarily target in an efficiency ratio to the point you are making, our investment spend, as we see opportunities to drive loan growth consistent with our conservative approach to credit, we will do so. And we think more in terms of overall returns. Our efficiency ratio is one of the best within financial services, but in terms of overall expense levels, those can vary based on the marketing investment.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So we spend a lot of time looking for turns in the economy, looking at our portfolio kind of every way we can cut it whether it’s a geographically, we look at the different vintage buckets, et cetera. And as I said on the call that the U.S. consumer is holding up well. I think part of it is reflected in terms of the fifth-year low in unemployment. But we remain disciplined and conservative and credit, because it feels late cycle and certainly is by any historic measure. But in terms of what you see in consumer behavior and the numbers we’ve reported the consumer is holding up very well.
Roger Hochschild: So in terms of B2B, we’re always looking at opportunities, but I think we tend to think about it in terms of a mix of acquisitions but also partnerships. So we see a lot of B2B volume coming through our partnership with SAP and Ariba. We announced a new B2B space partnership this quarter. So it’s an area we’re focused on. Margins tend to be a little thinner on the B2B side compared to the B2C payments. But it’s an area that we focused on for quite a while in the payments part of our business.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, I probably would challenge the view that there isn’t much competition in the card space. If you look at the players who are in it and the investments they make, I think part of it is, it is a very challenging business. So you tend not to see too many new entrance, but it is very competitive. And I think there’s a difference between the marginal return that competitors look to as they think about how to grow their book and the total return. But I think the credit card business has been one of the highest returning consumer asset classes for my 25 years in the business. And I think it reflects just sort of some of the challenges and operating it well and we have a very discipline model here at Discover.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I think I would probably highlight more of the stable side, part of what’s driving up late fees is just overall growth in the portfolio. And certainly that’s going to drive more delinquent accounts. But as you look at the overall delinquency rates and the trajectory those have been on, I think those reflect strong performance in a continued stable economic environment.
Roger Hochschild: I feel good about the credit decisions we’ve made and there are a mix of what we do for new accounts, but also for the portfolio. A lot of it has to do with differentiation. And so we focused a lot on innovation. So if you think about going back to the FICO score on statements, the ability to freeze your card, Cashback Match continues to perform well for us. And then also focusing on a superior customer experience. We’ve won the J.D. Power Award for five of the last six years. We have the best mobile app in the business.So really that yes, relentless focus on every part of the customer experience. And then wrapping that with the Discover brand, which obviously having our own proprietary network helps us in terms of building that brand and providing differentiation. So yeah, I think the whole business model is focused on driving high quality loan growth.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I can’t really sort of comment on exactly how much we grow at what unemployment level. I would say though that is, we look at the new accounts we book and the models that John and the finance team do. We use the through the cycle of loss rate as opposed to where we are at any given point in time. And we’ve spent a lot of time analyzing accounts that we book through the last downturn. The vast majority of our new accounts we would have booked in December of 2007.So even going into that time, even if we had known what was coming, the vast majority of accounts would have booked. There are certain segments that are sort of more in the near prime side that are more volatile. And so those tend to be where you cut back, you cut back on the number of line increases you do, and there are other actions on the portfolio. But again, most –again, the vast majority of those new accounts, we use the through the cycle loss rate and book in a much more challenging credit environment than what we have next.
Roger Hochschild: That’s something we really couldn’t put together. I mean we don’t run a scenarios of our loan book flat, because we’re going to keep trying to grow it. But I really can’t answer that.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So a lot of our programs do in fact target millennials. PayPal is a great business partner both on our issuing side as well as on the payment side. And with some merchants like PayPal, you do get a bit of a lock in, because once people change their default card, they are tends to be a tail of sales. So we’re always looking for how to use our rewards dollars to cost effectively drive growth and provide value for our customers. I think it's one of the advantages we have from the structure of our rewards program. And so that was an investment we made and we're excited about what we're seeing in terms of cardholder pickup of that.
Roger Hochschild: I will comment specifically. I would say we've had a lot of experience running our 5% promo and know kind of by each different category of what type of tail we spend and that goes into the targeting. So, I'll go back to saying we're very excited about how it's performed and we think we're getting good value for our investment.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So great question. So no, to be specific on that. So the portfolio when we're putting up the 55% to 65% increase for day one reflects a maturity of the portfolio that already has some incurred losses reflected in it. So when you put up new loan accounts, what happens is you have to book the lifetime losses and therefore the impact is actually greater than the day one impact of 55% to 65% that we've talked about.
John Greene: Certainly, happy to take that. So we ended the third quarter year-to-date results with a NIM rate at 10.45%. And then as we look at the fourth quarter, there’s really three things that are going to impact it. So certainly the rate cuts that occurred throughout 2019 will be fully baked in. And then we’ll have our funding rate, which actually ticked up mildly. And then of course in the fourth quarter, there’s transactor and revolver mix shifts that ultimately will impact the rate.So I know the company gave some guidance at 10, 10.3, and then it was subsequently revised upward by 5 basis points to 9 basis points. I would expect based on what we’re seeing here looking at the fourth quarter to come in probably at the higher end of that and probably 1 basis point or 2 basis points higher than 10.39, so probably 10.4-ish.
John Greene: Sanjay, this is John. I’ll take that. So we’re really pleased with the performance there. And first of all, the book is really solid. About 90% of the portfolio has co-signers. And in the first quarter of this year, the collection team began a outreach to co-signers when there was a early stage delinquency. And that’s actually made a pretty substantial difference and collection effectiveness and overall delinquency levels.
John Greene: That was fourth quarter. So when we come out with yearend results in January, we’ll provide updated guidance for 2020.
John Greene: Yes, thank you. Good question. So let me start by saying that we’re looking at CECL and the impact pretty extensively. We have now three quarters of simulations. We expect the overall reserve rate to be somewhere between 55 and 65 in the two most recent quarters that it’s trending to the north end of that. We’ll continue to monitor that and it will be impacted by the composition of the portfolio and certainly macro factors. So none of that is probably new to the folks on the call.In terms of the volatility, it is – it does drive a level of volatility. And we are – frankly I’m holding off on giving a quantification on the volatility until we that down the estimates and clearly have a view of what the portfolio will look like and also the macro economics. So it will be more volatile. And we’ll provide disclosures. They provide a clear view on an apples to apple basis, so non-GAAP disclosures that will align to 2019 GAAP, so let there’s comparability.
John Greene: It would for new loan account. And then obviously the macro factors would come into play there, that the type of assets we're putting on the books. So are they credit card or personal loans will impact. So there is a lot of factor. And as I said, I'm going to hold off on giving a specific number until we get it sorted out. We've got more work to do as an organization, but we're progressing well on it. And in the first quarter, we'll share that.
John Greene: Yes. So it is. So what we do is we concentrate on the overall funding stack and obviously it's really important to make sure we have the right level of liquidity and other funding sources in place. But with that said, as we mentioned on the prepared comments, 53% of this funding stack was from deposits. We'd like to grow that. And I think the previous guidance the business has given was in the medium term somewhere around 60%. And we'll look at that as a path forward and we may adjust upward if conditions wants.
John Greene: Yes. In terms of the, the Apple Card, we've yet to see that have a noticeable impact on our volumes. So we're watching it carefully, but again no noticeable impact. In terms of the mega mergers on the payment side a, if we compete against Visa and MasterCard, so we're used to competing against very large companies and payments. A lot of it is – it's sort of a broader ecosystem where there are, in fact partnership opportunities with some of those companies as well. So, at present it's too early to understand this, the full impact on PULSE, but our goal is to be able to compete globally against anyone in the payments industry.
John Greene: Chris, thanks for the question. No. what actually you see there is a pretty substantial increase in overall recovery. So recoveries third quarter 2019 versus third quarter 2018 are up about 32%. So that drives obviously a bit of the – I'll call it commission for the third-party collectors.
John Greene: Yes. So there will be a capital impact, right? The phase in is 25% over four year period. It doesn't change the underlying cash flows of the business. So we're going to continue to try to optimize the capital base and we're progressing excluding CECL towards a target level of 10.5% So we'll present a capital plan to the board and to the regulators and see what that looks like in 2020.
John Greene: We always try and bring in cardholders that are not just balanced transfer active, but use their card as well. And so the cash back match continues to perform very well for us. But that probably is the other thing that's impacting new customers. But again, we focus on customer experience. We focus on line assignment, every component is important. But I'd probably highlight that cash back max is sort of the biggest thing we have for new cardholders.
John Greene: I won't comment on the guidance. I would say if you look at the quarter, we feel very good about our card loan growth. We feel good about how student loans perform in the peak season. And we had talked about really a lower growth rate for personal loans in terms of expectations for this year, as we tested our new credit models for some segments that had not performed as well as we wanted. We're excited about how those are doing as well. So again, we feel good about our ability to achieve loan growth. It'll of course depend on the holiday season. But so far consumers seem to be in a pretty good space.
John Greene: You know, the seventh inning is quite long. We may go to extra innings. So maybe that, that's not the best way to phrase it. It will be a continued investment and I think Africa just gives you an example of the breadth of our investments. We're also working with network partners everywhere from Eastern Europe to Asia to South America. A particular focus has been on Western Europe and working with acquirers there. So you heard us announce a number of partnerships, so we will continue to build out our global acceptance footprint.
John Greene: Yes, I mean, I think if you compare to a lot of the more traditional brand space things, they tend to have a lower beta. A lot of it has to do with their product mix. And so having more in checking or in savings accounts and are paying in the – sometimes in the single digit basis points, they pay through operating expenses as opposed to the rate. So, I think there's a natural symmetry between the betas you experienced on the way up and what you have on the way down. And so a lot of those banks captured the rate increases on the way up and didn't move their rates much at all, but unfortunate it doesn't give you much room to adjust when rates are coming back down.
John Greene: So that's a function of the late payments and also the pricing tiers that we put in place. So, I would expect a little, certainly a tick up based on history, but some of it will be tied obviously to late payments and in that, you'll be able to see the trends there.
John Greene: I think we're in the early stages of implementation, clearly we try and make sure that our cardholders are using Discover and I think this is where there may be an advantage for us in terms of our integrated network and card issuer model. We can enable it probably more seamlessly than, someone who uses a third-party issuer. You know, as an example, we were the first ones to be able to provision Apple Pay from within our app. So we'll look for opportunities where we can make the experience more seamless for Discover card holders.
John Greene: Yes. So thanks for that. So yes, the guidance was 3.2% to 3.4% and we're certainly performing at the lower end of that. At this point I'll probably just pause there and say that lower end of the guidance and if you choose to put something else in your model be comfortable with it.
John Greene: Yes. No, it's both. So we're attracting new customers, but we're also seeing some of our existing customers build their balances, whether it's adding another CD or just putting more money into the savings accounts. So it's a mix of both from new as well as existing customers.
