Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Craig, and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. As you can see from our numbers, this was a very clean, solid quarter for Discover, reflecting continued execution on the key drivers of the business. We're in $726 million after-tax in the quarter or $2.15 per share, and generated a very healthy ROE of 26%. As always, our principal use of capital is to support profitable growth, but in the first quarter, we also returned just over $600 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks, bringing the reduction in the level of outstanding shares to 7% from a year ago. Our emphasis on profitable growth means that we always look to achieve a balance amongst receivables growth, net interest margin, credit and operating expenses. And our performance this quarter demonstrates, how that approach continues to generate very strong returns. Total receivables grew 7%, with each major product performing as expected. And NIM came in at a very robust level, keeping us on track to hit our full year target for that important measure. Credit performance remains solid as the normalization impact on the back book continues to lessen and operating expenses were also consistent with our expectations, leading to a 50 basis point improvement in our efficiency ratio from last year's first quarter. As I said a moment ago, it's all about executing on fundamentals and striving for excellence in everything we do. Let's take a look at how that played out, for each of our principal products. In card, we saw strong receivables growth as we leveraged the opportunity provided my last year’s significant new account growth. We also continue to drive a high level of engagement from our customer's, which is reflected in our increased sales volume. Year-over-year, we invested a bit more in brand advertising, while account acquisition spend was basically flat. From an earnings point of view, slower growth in card marketing costs, somewhat offset the higher rewards costs from this quarter's grocery category. Our private student loans business turned in another very strong quarter, with organic receivables growth 9% and further improvement in credit performance. In personal loans, our portfolio grew 2%, consistent with the outlook we shared with you. We continue to focus on originating loans that we expect will generate the appropriate level of long-term returns as opposed to simply targeting a higher level of growth and what continues to be very competitive environment. As expected, charge-offs were off in personal loans, principally driven by earlier vintages. Newer vintages are performing well, and we're seeing positive results from our revised underwriting strategy. Our Payment Services segment generated 9% growth in volume, largely due to the performance of PULSE. The PULSE team has been successful at winning new relationships and building businesses with existing issuers, by developing creative debit solutions that deliver meaningful value for partners. Wrapping up my part, our performance this quarter clearly demonstrates the strength of the Discover business model and our ability to deliver sound, profitable growth. The economic environment remains quite good. And we believe we're well positioned to deliver continued strong results. I'll now ask Mark Graf to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. We're certainly seeing efficiency in our marketing spend. But I think a lot of that were just leveraging to drive more growth and to put on, for example, increased number of new accounts. There is a bit of an offset in terms of stimulating the portfolio, when we have a program that has as broad participation as grocery. But it also impacts new account marketing and there can be elements of seasonality to our spend as well. So I wouldn't necessarily read too much into it.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So I want caveats in here, Sanjay. I guess I would say, our models are not yet fully validated. There is a number of alternatives that remain under evaluation, and we're still analyzing a number of factors for a potential inclusion or exclusion based on their predictive capabilities over time. In addition, I just point out remind you that the ultimate impact won't really be determinable until the date of adoption, because it's really heavily dependent on both the composition and trends in our portfolio as well as our forward-looking view of the economy at the time of adoption. So -- but basically, if you want a preliminary estimate, I would say, based on the view that we have right now, you would have seen our total reserves, not just card, total reserves, somewhere between 55% and 65% higher than where they were this quarter, assuming we had adopted the standard this quarter.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I want to make clear that we're tightening credit as we grow. And that I do expect unless we see significant changes in economics to the good side, that this lane of cycle, we'll continue to be quite a little being on the cautious side. So, as I look at the changes that come through credit policy, they continue to be more on the contractionary side than expansionary. That doesn't mean we're not still looking to leverage our advances in analytics. So identified we take kind of swap-in, swap-out that would let us grow faster and improve credit performance. And then continued focus on differentiation, the better your product is and the better you can compete in the marketplace that would drive your growth even as you are disciplined on the credit side. And I think that's always been one of our hallmarks here.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean, certainly, there are benefits from a cost standpoint in migrating from legacy data centers to more a cloud-based infrastructure. But, I guess, I would view that as not necessarily the most exciting piece of the advanced analytics journey. It's really been, how do you leverage the data and that much cheaper storage in the cloud for speed and driving business benefit. And so as we think about the benefits from advanced analytics, that's a piece, but not even necessarily when I see the most exciting piece.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. No. no. We're excited with how that doing. We continue to grow it at a steady pace. We’ve ramped up the marketing of that product. One of the great things about taking account is how sticky the deposits are, but I think that also is part of the challenging growing it. We have not received any pushback from merchants. The volume there is still a very low portion, but in terms of the quality of the accounts, we're booking, we're very excited. Average age is about 35, so targeting that younger demographic we're seeing about 25% of the customers set up direct deposit, but we're also seeing 25% open a savings account. So that impact on deposits is beyond just the checking balances we get. And you tend to see a lower beta on those savings accounts, when they will also have checking relationship with you. So I would say, continued focus on growth of that product.
Roger Hochschild: I would say, we saw a broad-based pickup in spend. But there's no question that the grocery promotion did play a part on that as well.
Roger Hochschild: It's hard to talk for an entire industry. But I think in general, it dominated by large sophisticated players with good risk management who have been to most cycles. So, I guess, I's probably be surprised that someone who started growing aggressively at this point borrowing some fundamental changes in the economy and people is to where we are. You see quite a lot of discipline out there from the major issuers. We see a lot of continued competitive focus around transactors and at the high end transactor segment. And we tend to focus more on a lend-driven versus spend-driven model. But, again, I would expect continued discipline.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. We continue to see strong performance on the cost for new accounts. And again, achieving that when you tighten credit, it tends to be the cheapest more responsive accounts that you cut. So, in a tightening environment, I am even more excited by the progress that the team has. And again, it's leveraging the advances in analytics and it also continued shift towards more and more of the mix being on the digital side. But we expect continued strong performance this year as well.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, I think we've tried to be very explicit around the channels that we cut back on. Some of them were more of the aggregator and the unsolicited channels. And one of the things we highlight was the new vintages we're booking. We're pleased with the credit quality. So, we have made adjustments both to our account mix and our underwriting strategy. And we're achieving the returns we want from what we can see from the newer vintages. In terms of overall industry mail volume rates, you had a couple players whose mail volumes were just off the chart. And I think it appeared unsustainable. So, I wouldn't be surprised. The other thing is a lot of them, underwriter much broader spectrum than we do. So, we're probably competing head-to-head against the subsequent of their overall volume. But I would just view that as some of the excesses is getting flushed out of the system. It's probably still going to remain competitive.
Roger Hochschild: It's very hard to see, especially real-time what competitors are underwriting. So, we tend to focus on our product and again, different competitors have different strategies targeting other segments. So, it remains competitive. But, again, we continue to see, as I look at competitors earnings and what they're putting up, people seem to be saying discipline.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I wouldn't read too much yet into the proposals of individual democratic candidates. So I think we have a long way to go before anyone's elected or anything gets put into law. It is a very, very complex product to originate. And I think when the federal loan program expanded, a lot of players decided the volume wasn't worth it. We're very excited about that business and it continues to perform well. Your pricing more new entrants coming into that than exit, as I look at this year's season versus the last. But it's a business that we feel good about.
Roger Hochschild: So I would say the capital planning process for us at this point in time continues to evolve. There is the guidance out there about the $100 million to $250 million banks that still requires a little bit more specificity, so we understand exactly what it ultimately going to look like. But I would say, this year, specifically, we were granted an exemption from CECL and had a worksheet-based, formula-based approach to improve our capital ask, if you will. Still a strong governance process through our Board and everything else around that and our planned capital actions, we're not outside the range that was allowed in that process. Yes, we definitely see an opportunity to continue to migrate our capital levels lower. I think we've said that with the CCAR, having been modified or gone away for us that the rating agencies, Mark, are probably the buying constraint for us at this point in time. I think 10.5% is definitely in the cards in our eyes at this point in time. And the CECL overlay, there is the three-year phase-in associated with that. And getting back to my earlier comments, the 55% to 65% range I gave earlier with an awful lot of caveats, I would say is not inconsistent with our thoughts or the thinking around that target capital ratio.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So you mentioned the SAP Ariba arrangement the amount American Express, I don't think -- expect that to have a material impact on profitability of our arrangement with SAP. There is -- it's hard to go over everything we're doing on the payment side. There's a couple of highlights here, certainly PULSE represents a significant portion of our profitability. They continue to execute well as you can see from the growth there. And we see room for continued growth. We also -- I probably most excited by some of our international network partnerships. We call them our net-to-net where we provide technical support, including our BIN ranges, chip spec, et cetera. There we provide acceptance for them everywhere outside their home market. They provide acceptance for us. I just got back from a regional conference in Vietnam and very excited about opportunities we're seeing in Asia. So again, we see a lot of room to continue growing our payment segment, but also continuing to leverage our proprietary network to drive value for our core card issuing business.
Mark Graf: So what I would say, Betsy, I don't want to get into business doing quarterly guidance on rewards rates, but what I would say is you're absolutely, correct that the grocery category is the most lucrative. It's really easy for people to engage and max out the benefits. If you think about it, to spend $1,500 in groceries in the quarter, you only need to spend something less than $125 a week. So not a lot of people spend it on gas, but a lot of people spend that on groceries. So it tends to be very lucrative when we run that one. We did not very specifically revise our guidance on rewards rate. Matter of fact, I think in my prepared remarks I retreated all of our guidance we provided. So that probably -- that combination should probably give you a pretty good answer to that question.
Mark Graf: No. I would say, again, we reiterated that NIM guidance. So along with all the rest of our guidance is that 10.3 plus or minus, Sanjay. We would expect just to give you a little bit of a thought there, we would expect a little bit of compression probably as we head into the second quarter. I think it's a couple of different things. Number one, revolve rate seasonality drives a piece of it, right? You're going to have a paydowns from some revolvers within normal seasonality, if you will. And then, of course, deposit cost continue to increase modestly as well. So you'll probably see a little bit of that. So I'd expect something in the order of mid single-digit compression in NIM from the first quarter into the second quarter. We feel good about the NIM guidance for the full year.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I think we've known about the phase-in all along. So we've been planning for that. And I think all of our forward capital planning contemplated nothing disconnected from a numbers I just shared with you.
Mark Graf: So maybe as opposed to giving specific guidance thoughts quarterly or seasonally, if you will, maybe I'll just talk about the key things that impact the margin and we would cover it that way, Ryan a little bit. So market rates, obviously, you talk about our current thoughts are the fed is done, right? There is no forward moves factored in any of our guidance. Portfolio mix will play a part. That is seasonal, right? There are times when you see higher level of revolve rate, lower level of revolve rate. There is also an element of that, that somewhat unpredictable, right? We do see transactors from time-to-time, coming in and engage and other times we see them disengage. And you can't always ascertain as to exactly why. So there is a seasonal element there. And there's just a local wildcard element there as well. Levels of promotional activity going to affect that. We said, we don't expect this year to be assembly promotional as last. Interest charge-offs, we've talked about normalization continues to moderate, but it's not over. And we do have the seasoning of growth. So there'll be a factor, but less of the factor probably. Deposit betas are there. I'll punk that to the second part of your question and obviously, funding mix and funding rates. And obviously, as we have fundings rolling off, we're replacing those fundings in a higher rate environment, so that's probably a bad guy. As far as deposit betas go, they remain fairly very well managed, Ryan. I mean, if you look at through history, usually deposit rates keep going up for a little while after market rates stop, but it's not particularly concerning factor for us.
Mark Graf: That, in addition to that, Bill I would also note, we have for a couple of quarters now talked about the fact that we do see an opportunity to bring our efficiency ratio down over time. We've noted as the general purpose issuers we're already the lowest. But we see over time an opportunity to lower it. And that migration into a cloud-based environment is a key piece of that thought process.
Mark Graf: Yes, I would say, we don't give quarterly delinquency guidance, but I would say, what I would really underscore is, normalization is continuing to moderate, if not over. But for six consecutive quarters now, we're seeing the rate of formation and charge-offs moderate. Delinquency trends are obviously a leading indicator of that for a little bit as well. So, I would say we feel pretty good. I would say, going forward, provisioning will continue to come more and more a function of loan growth as opposed to that normalization piece.
Mark Graf: And Moshe, to the point looking a little bit better than what we've taught or guided, I would say, we definitely saw Q1 come in a little bit better. I would say collection strategies and some of the technology we've layered into the synthetic broad has had a pretty meaningful impact. Not going to call a trend based on one quarter at this point in time, but with charge-offs up only four bps quarter-over-quarter and delinquency coming down, it does feel like possibly there's an opportunity there.
Mark Graf: And the supply-driven normalization piece, really a flex of fact that coming out of the crisis, consumer credit was pretty restrained. So, consumer leverage ratios were very low by historic standards. And what we saw is time went on, as consumer credit availability kept back in, a lot more providers willing to provide credit. So, you saw consumers re-lever back toward normalized levels of leverage. And that's what really driven that. The supply credit has driven that re-leveraging and its driving normalization of loss rate.
Mark Graf: It's too early to call. And we don't typically tend to talk about vintages in isolation. What I would say is, I think, both Roger and I have over the course of the last couple of quarters talked about advancements in advanced analytics and our ability to do a better job, targeting and detecting synthetic fraud as well. So, I would say, we feel good about the current accounts we are booking and those we booked in 2018.
Mark Graf: I would say, there's always somebody who you scratch your head about a little bit in most businesses, I guess. But in terms of where we are, I mean, cycle to date, I think our beta on our deposits has been 51. So continues to be lower than you would expect at this point in time. I would say, we are now up to -- I think, traditionally we've said over 60% of our depositors have a relationship with us on the card side as well. I think that is now approaching 70%. I think it's up to like 68% at this point in time. So that cross-sell provides some virtuous benefit there. They don't tend to be just retail capital markets customers re-shopping. So we tend to target being in that six to 10th place in the bank rate table, as opposed to the first and the fifth place, and it's a strategy that had e served both us and our customers well, we think.
Mark Graf: No, Rick. We really didn't see much out of the ordinary in terms of any pockets of particular strength or pockets of particular weakness.
Mark Graf: Yeah. I would highlight it is coming off a very small base. So over time, we think it can grow into a nice business, but it's going to be, while it's a meaningful portion of our overall loan book.
Mark Graf: No. It's been pretty healthy. It tends to bounce somewhere between 60/40 and 40/60. So on average we talk about it sort of as a 50/50 kind of range. This quarter, I think it trended a little bit more towards the 60% new and 40% back book, but again, relatively consistent.
Mark Graf: So, last year, there were a number of workout programs that we decided we should classify as TDRs. So you saw a big migration in early last year as we went through the process of reclassifying those programs into TDRs. That was a big piece of the puzzle. And then as we continue to originate significantly larger vintages over time, you see migration into TDRs as well. I would say, there's been a little bit noise out there we've heard on the TDR book. I would say -- I really don't think it's warranted. If you look at the 90-day past dues in TDRs, they have continued to be below -- slightly below 5% on a very consistent basis over the course of the last two years. And those programs can be a very effective way to work with customers. So, we think it's customer-friendly and the credit impacts that are negligible.
