David Nelms: Sure. Well, yes we were pleased with the sequential receivables growth and yes, we believe that suggests that we are still on track for getting to year-over-year growth in the second half. And we have certainly increased our new account acquisition, marketing spend, put in place programs and we have some of the things that have been working for a while now, like increased acceptance, that are continuing to help grow not only sales but now receivables. In terms of the CARD Act and in terms of the look-back specifically, Sanjay, I would say that we had just a very modest impact in the current quarter, and going forward, that impact would be de minimis.
David Nelms: Well, I think that the higher gas prices probably drive 2% to 3% of that, if you assume no substitution, and it probably is some. We don't know how much. But that really was in the place last quarter when we were up 6% year-over-year. If you look at the sequential acceleration, I would say the accelerated new account growth is probably the biggest single factor, but the underlying trends are the acceptance, the marketing, the branding is all continuing to work very nicely for us.
David Nelms: Well, I'd say that we have not bottomed out yet. If you look at the reduction in delinquency rates, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it will go lower from here. How much lower, we don't know. We don't know exactly when or at what level it will bottom out, but we certainly didn't see too many trends of it bottoming out if you look at the last quarter -- this last quarter's improvement.
David Nelms: Well, I don't think I can give you much on same-store sales. I would just say that we are -- we believe we're growing market share and it is coming from a combination of new merchants, growth of existing merchants and it's also a combination of new customers and growth on existing customers. So all of 4 of those factors are improving. In terms of ING Direct, we love Direct Banking. I think I just see this as a validation that we're not the only ones who see value in Direct Banking. To me, Direct Banking is the future of banking. And I think we are particularly well positioned because we are much more of a pure direct bank without the legacy branches and all that comes with it.
David Nelms: Well, I do expect rational competition. As you say, it's consolidated and I think the people who are left are fairly rational and profit-driven just as we are. We certainly have seen competition be restored and marketing be restored in the industry. But interestingly, our attrition rates remain low, in fact near historic lows, so really have not seen an uptick in our attrition. In new accounts, we've picked up our marketing but we're seeing good response rates anyway. And so -- and then you're seeing in our results, sales and receivables showing good solid gains despite the higher level of competition. So overall, my read on a macro basis is that both supply and demand have recovered at about the same rate with consumers being more receptive and with more being available from competition.
David Nelms: Well, without giving specifics, I would say we've been pleased both with our response rates holding up and maybe even improving a little bit even as we ramp up mailings and Internet marketing and so on, which is a great sign. I've also been pleased with the activation usage and the particular sales usage of these new accounts. And so we've been very focused on -- sometimes you get an account that only does the balance transfer but we've been very focused on using that as a tool with ultimately getting customers who spend and earn their Cashback Bonus and contribute to the sales gain, and those metrics all look very good.
David Nelms: I would think more of about the improvement in credit giving the ability, and credit returning to more normal levels quickly is giving us some flexibility to increase more in both activation of current customers as well as more acquisition of new customers. And we've taken steps, you saw for instance the Cashback Bonus line was up quite a bit this quarter. I mean that's partly because we marketed it more. We're seeing more customers engage in it more, we're having less breakage, we're having more spending at the higher tier because the spend per account is higher. So I think we are looking across the portfolio of marketing and investments and getting some nice gains both from current and new customers.
David Nelms: Well, I think there's a lot we don't know right now. Hopefully, we'll learn a bit more next Wednesday when the Fed comes out with their guidance and one of the important factors is not just what is the guidance but what is the timing. And I would say we have -- our PULSE network is highly scalable. We have taken actions to build capacity in advance of potential demand because we were afraid we might not have time to ramp it up as quickly. And if we need to add even more capacity, we'll add even more. But we are positioned so that even if it was substantial that we would be able to, we think, accommodate a lot of that substantial volume increase should it be needed.
David Nelms: I wouldn't want to speculate on exact amounts, but it could be substantial for us, but we don't know how quickly and we don't know if it will really occur or not. We need to see the final rules and there's going to be a lot of competitive dynamics that play out probably over the next year or 2.
David Nelms: Well, today, we are the -- only the third -- there are only 3 signature debit products out there in the world, we have the third, but it's tiny in terms of percentage. So we would certainly be poised if that should be needed as well. Certainly, most of industry observers are thinking more of that it's going to be one signature, one PIN sufficient. But should that not be the case, we would certainly -- we've got some maybe unique options that we would need to look at to help fulfill our customer needs.
David Nelms: Well, I would say that certainly, losses should continue to fall. Delinquencies are not as good of a predictor of bankruptcies, and I don't think bankruptcy filings are not anywhere near a 25-year low in the economy. So that is maybe a factor that could hold things up a bit. As we’ve talked about on earlier calls, we do think that the new job loss right now is probably having more of an impact because we have increasingly already recognized the losses from the longtime unemployed and from the people that are significantly underwater on their houses, and so we think that is why it's diverging. If you look at our current delinquencies relative to new job losses, it's not as far off the curve as if you look at the overall unemployment rate, which reflects a lot of people that have been unemployed for quite a long time.
David Nelms: I would say that right now we have an awful lot of inventory because of the last 3 years' elevated charge-offs. And also as some people have gotten back to work and have an ability to repay some of their loans, that's been helpful. I wouldn't expect any major movement necessarily one way or another. Over time, I would expect it to eventually start to diminish as we work through some of that inventory. And obviously, we're producing fewer charge-offs today at 5% to recover against in future periods.
David Nelms: Well, certainly, our Cashback bonus and Rewards line is significantly higher now than it was a year ago and some of that is because of the higher sales itself, but even the rate relative to sales is elevated. And I do expect that to continue. The higher level of engagement marketing, some of the factors I went through earlier, we do expect to continue. I don't expect it to keep rising at the rate that you've seen it, an acceleration like you've seen in the last year. But I think we've sort of had a little bit of a step function up to a new higher run rate as we've enhanced our program and are getting great customer response.
David Nelms: That's right. And our marketing expense will vary quarter-to-quarter. So for instance, our first quarter, we had some of our larger sponsorships with college football, Orange Bowl, hockey this past quarter. So it can be a bit up and down and this was a little bit down, even though the sales results are high that partly reflects what we said last quarter.
David Nelms: Well, I really can't strip out the market share gains because competitors report after us, and we do feel we're making market share gains if I look at retailer sales. But what I'd say is I've looked very closely at the last couple weeks to see if we've seen any moderation as we started to see some of those lower confidence numbers in others. And the good news is that I'm not seeing it in my numbers at this point. Our sales gains a year-over-year are continuing to hold.
David Nelms: I mean our -- when customers use their card, it posts within days, so I don't think we would expect any lag issue unless there's a -- customers haven't reacted yet. I would certainly like to think we continue that momentum and I'm just really pleased with our marketing efforts and how our customers are responding.
David Nelms: I'd say it could move up or down, but right now I think that's still a good, a pretty good number. We're not at 15% yet, but we do expect it to modestly move higher as we -- when we put on new accounts, for instance, you tend to have a higher percentage of promotional balances. And so as that mix of new accounts grows, you would expect it to normalize more to that order magnitude 15% range.
David Nelms: I would say just looking at the numbers more specifically right now that number is sitting at about 12%, give or take 11% or 12% in that range. So we've got some room to grow to get to that 15% level. We kind of look at BTs as a very cost-effective way to generate new receivables and increase our engagement and our relationship with our customers, so we're pretty comfortable with them in that range and I would say that the ultimate level you're looking at probably isn’t a bad place to be settling in.
David Nelms: No, I think the gasoline impact was about the same this quarter as it was last quarter, and we continue to see larger gains with the more creditworthy individuals and we're continuing to see transactors increase sales faster than revolvers. But as you can see from our growing revolving balances that we're now seeing those gains be really kind of across the board and that's why you're seeing us return to receivables growth.
David Nelms: I'm not sure I understand the question. The CARD Act look-back doesn't have anything to do with new promotional balances being put on. Rather, it had to do with looking back on repricings that took back -- that took place in past periods to see if we are able to cure people to lower rates.
David Nelms: If I understand you correctly, yes, that's correct. We continue to be allowed to price the way we feel is appropriate. We just have significant restrictions on being able to change those rates for new accounts after the accounts are booked.
David Nelms: We didn't. But I think if you look at our yield, you'd have to conclude that it wasn't -- that we saw growth in -- we didn't just see growth in promo balances, we saw growth in full-rate balances as well.
David Nelms: Well, I remain bullish on the potential for mobile payments and we continue to be very active not only with Isis but also with many other efforts throughout the industry. I think importantly, we continue to expand mobile-enabled terminal deployment throughout the country and our Zip has very broad representation in terms of acceptance on terminals. We also have passed the 500,000 account mark in terms of cards that have Zip, and we have really focused our efforts on some of the early adopters and people who have requested cards. So we continue to make progress on a lot of fronts with it. But I think sitting here today, it's going to be tough to pick necessarily the winners and losers but I am convinced that it will gradually gain traction and be important for us and our customers.
R. Mark Graf: Sure, Mike. I'd be happy to. I guess, regarding the SIFI, I'd start there. We obviously don't have any clear guidance on the SIFI topic at this point in time. We've got a lot of speculation and hearsay out there. We're hopeful that the regulators will take into account the relative size and complexity differences between ourselves and the majority of the other institutions in the over $50 billion bucket. What I can say definitively is that the current capital plan that we've got was developed with full transparency with our regulators and those same regulators provided us with a notice of non-objection to that plan. So we were very, very comfortable moving forward on that basis. Regarding the size and timing of the program itself, we took into account a couple of different factors, I guess, as we were looking at it. I'd list our current capital position, our ability to continue to generate excess capital and the current understanding of the likely direction of that evolving regulatory landscape we just talked about. We sized the program at about 8% of our current market cap. If you compare that to peer bank programs, it's within the range but it's at the high-end of the range. I don't have the numbers in front of me but I think the range is 2.5% to 8.5% roughly market cap as what we've seen folks do. So we felt comfortable that from a signaling perspective to the market that, that was the right place to be. I would tell you we will continuously monitor the market conditions as well as all those factors I noted we evaluated when we established the program. And if needed, we can have discussions with our board and our regulators about adjusting the program upward if we see that as necessary.
R. Mark Graf: Well, I think if you look at the run rates going forward, I'd guide you to our financial summary and I'd point out a couple of different points. The employee comp and benefits line, that $230 million we're showing there for the quarter is probably a reasonable range proximity for what you should be looking at going forward. The additions in the primary quarter were really due to growth initiatives and the impact of SLC where we had only 2 of 3 months in the prior quarter. Marketing and business development at $124 million for the quarter. I would guide you back to the previous 2 quarters and say going forward, I'd be looking at something slightly higher, more in the range of those prior 2 quarters. Everything else, I would say, is pretty accurate for modeling purposes in terms of what you should be looking at.
R. Mark Graf: With respect to Student Loan growth, I think we're still comfortable with that plus or minus $1 billion number for the year, and I think the other question was related to PCI loans this quarter and what's going on there.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say the overall expected cash flows from the PCI loans increased very modestly, so they're performing pretty much right in line with our expectation, so the impact on yield and amortization is immaterial. So it's probably a pretty good assessment.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say we're very comfortable with the current level of our reserve profile. Obviously, we've entered uncharted territory here in terms of credit performance, as I think we've indicated a few times on the call, and we continue to watch those developments intently. But I would say from our perspective, the reserving methodology is pretty heavily prescribed by the SEC and we're making sure we follow that to the letter of the law. So we feel comfortable with the reserves given where we sit right now.
R. Mark Graf: And with respect to the marketing expense overall, I would say that, again, this quarter's number's probably a little bit light for what I would be expecting going forward. I'd point you back to the last 2 quarters previous to this one and something in that range is really what you should be looking for from us going forward.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, not at all. If you kind of decompress that a little bit, I guess it’s a couple different things. On the CARD Act side, you have the, obviously, the run-off of the default in the cash balances and then you also have the increased use of the promotional balances. And I would say the CARD Act piece of that was disproportionately larger.
R. Mark Graf: I would say that, that is the accounting methodology we follow and the impact is relatively immaterial.
R. Mark Graf: I would say we've seen some modest reduction there, but not dramatic reduction there. In the near term, I'd expect some relative stability in the margin because the CARD Act impact, the increased user promos are being heavily offset by the lower levels of charge-offs as well as improvements in our cost of funds. Over a longer-term horizon, clearly, there will be impacts from those and I'd point you back to our Investor Day discussion for March in terms of longer-term expectations for margin.
