R. Mark Graf: Sanjay, I guess with respect to the first question, on the reserving methodology, it's really just mathematics driving that reserve coverage ratio. We reserve based on a forward 12-month rolling loss estimate basis. So as our models show any forecasted turns in that, the reserving responds accordingly. As I've said on the call before and as I've told you before, I wish we had more judgment in how we set reserves. We don't have that flexibility, so it's pretty much an arithmetic process with GAAP being very prescriptive. With respect to the capital side of the equation, obviously, I'm limited in what I can say there. I guess the best way I can answer your question, Sanjay, is to say, well, we've never really formally disclosed our thoughts on a payout ratio. If you look at what it's been historically, we think we have some room to increase it from where it's been.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say from that perspective, let's call it a multivariate equation. We clearly have telegraphed. We think we're in a somewhat target-rich environment right now. And given our demonstrated ability to earn through some of that excess capital, holding onto some of it right now, while we look across the spectrum, it makes sense to us as long as we can keep running through it. That said, we also recognized, we're accreting capital at a significant rate. So I would say that my earlier comments about our belief, that we can increase the payout ratio relative to historical norms is probably the best guidance I can give you in that regard. We do tend to think about things in terms of a payout ratio internally. But again, we don't tend to disclose that number publicly.
R. Mark Graf: It's Mark. I'll tackle the tax rate, and then I'll pass it off to my boss to handle the Verizon and Isis question. From a modeling perspective, I think, we, for the fourth quarter, had an effective rate of about 37.3% or so. I would encourage you, modeling-wise, to kind of maintain that rate through 2012 would be a pretty good estimate at this point.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think, Ryan, the biggest delta in what I'm hearing in the question is probably just going to be simply a mix of receivables on the balance sheet and the ultimate effect on NIM as a result of that. We continue to expect a relative magnitude to the funding advantage that we expect to see over the next couple of years in line with what we had guided to before, which anybody who hasn't seen those, you can go to our website and get those off our couple most recent investor presentations where we kind of give a sense on CD maturity and rates. So I think the bigger issue is just going to be some of the stronger growth is likely to come from some of the products other than card and that will just simply have an effect of depressing the NIM somewhat. That said, though, I would reiterate my earlier comment, that despite having a lower margin, we also expect lower credit loss on that product, as well as opposed to a card product. So the profitability metrics are pretty solid.
R. Mark Graf: No, I would still be very comfortable with that guidance. I would say that comment was based not so much on a turn in the credit environment as it was based on growth expectations.
R. Mark Graf: The NIM would have been up quarter-over-quarter had we removed the student loan acquisition, that's correct. So in other words, the way to think about it, at a high level, is that the impact to the funding costs, with respect to the credit card book specifically, outran the yield compression that we saw.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say we disclosed back in the third quarter, that we were at total promotional balances of around 15%. That includes not just balance transfer activity, but it's all promotional activities. And I would say we haven't seen any significant shifts from that level since we last disclosed it.
R. Mark Graf: And with respect to the implicit question regarding profitability in light of the changing loss profile, I'd point you back to last year's Investor Day metrics as well. We wouldn't see any reason to give any different guidance on the long-term profitability or the longer-term credit performance of that book.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I guess I would say, we -- as David mentioned earlier, we see that the competitive environment is having to return to basically, call it a normalized level more or less, where everybody is once again, competing for activity balances and wallet share. I think -- we do think the rewards cost in the quarter at 86 basis points was unsustainably low. We don't think that's the right number to be looking at going forward. I'm not prepared to give guidance on exactly where I think it will be going forward. But I guess what I would say is, we're disciplined in how we manage that process and we'll continue to be disciplined. We'd expect the first quarter to be a little bit elevated, and we'll monitor the results and kind of see if we need to make any adjustments to the program based upon that.
R. Mark Graf: I can't comment on that. That would really kind of run counter. I don't blame you for asking. I don't hold it against you one iota. That's fine.
R. Mark Graf: Suffice to say, post the CARD Act, we've obviously seen a lower absolute level of revenue suppression. But the ultimate suppression is going to depend and how low charge-offs go and where they normalize ultimately. And I think the relative degree of suppression we've had is relative to some of those other names you've mentioned is obviously tied to the relative performance on our charge-off line item relative to those folks as well.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. As David noted, we've seen the big guys come in and out of this in the past. We're not going to respond, we're not going to beat, we're not going to match. We're going to do what's right to engage our customers and to drive growth. We've stayed the course in this product for a long period of time. We've been innovate -- into it and out of it. We're going to continue to stay the course and we're not concerned about our ability to do that.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. I would say everything we have in student loan small book is like $700 million, give or take. If I remember the number correctly, it's all in the held for sale category and it's marked to appropriate market rates at this point in time. So I think that has a limited shelf life on our books.
David W. Nelms: Well, John, obviously, we were the first player involved with Isis. But we had said at the time that we intend to be part of multiple efforts, and in fact, have already been announced to be part of Google as another example as well. And we are continuing to aggressively pursue many opportunities. We've issued a good number of Zip cards to our customers. We continue to make sure that we're integrated with the terminals at the merchants as they deploy the wireless terminals. We're working with multiple handset manufacturers and technology companies, and where possible, we're going to try to do some innovative things to really help us gain market share, both as a network and as an issuer.
David W. Nelms: And in terms of mobile, I wouldn't want to comment on a specific company or effort, but more broadly, I would say, we're going -- I expect we're going to see a lot of twists and turns in this as new technologies are offered, and as we see how consumers and merchants and issuers test things, not everything will work, and that's one of the reasons that we're hedging our bets to be involved in a number of efforts so that we are aligned with what ultimately emerge as winners in this. And I also think there are likely to be more -- there's going to be more than one winner.
David W. Nelms: Certainly, I was pleased with the continuing 8% volume growth on Discover sales. And PULSE, if you look at the full year, we were up 19%, as I mentioned on volume year-over-year, which is one of the strongest in the world of debit. We do see quarterly movements in this, partly because there are some chunky volumes that can move in or out. And one of the trends that we saw this year, is that there were a number of large issuer deals that kind of were on hold, waiting to see what the ultimate Fed rules came out related to Durbin. And so second half of this year, there just wasn't a lot of share that shifted hands. And I think, as I mentioned in the call, we're right now, in the middle of a lot of RFPs and I think that by April 1, when the network routing rules go in place, we'll see some more shifts. And so we don't have more to report on that now. But as we've consistently reported, we wouldn't expect to see any volume pickup from that until, hopefully, if we're successful, in the second quarter onward as some of this volume starts to move around in debit.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would just say that we have been a leader in the under $10 billion size institutions, and so I think that volume is sort of not particularly at risk. And I would say also, virtually all of our cards have 2 brands on the cards. We're typically a PIN debit and there's almost always someone else's signature on the front. So we do view it as more opportunity versus risk. And how much that opportunity is, is the thing we're working aggressively to try to pursue right now and we just can't comment on where we'll end up.
David W. Nelms: So on your second question, I think it's too early to say. That's one of the things that I think the larger issuers will be determining, whether they're going to be adding or replacing PIN debit networks. And we should have more color on that next quarter. On your first question, we had some very significant growth in the fourth quarter of last year, as we had some big wins and so this quarter, we're now a year from that with -- so we've got a much higher comparable and we're through the annualization of that. And as I said, we didn't have as much opportunity for big wins in the last half of this year, as people waited to see what the new rules were going to be. So that's the reason for the change during the year. But again, I'd point back to the big picture which is, for the year, we're up to 19%. It's well above that market growth rate.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think I was pleased with our lending volume. We -- at our Investor Day, we had been targeting 2% to 4% long-term organic growth as our target. And this quarter, we moved up from ending receivables growth year-over-year from 2% last quarter to 3% this quarter, so we're right in the middle of that range. And we're one of the very few credit card companies that is showing organic growth combined with great credit quality. And I think in terms of competition, as I've said, last -- I think on the last call, I do feel like many of our competitors who cut way back on their marketing have restored a lot of that marketing and I don't think the marketing intensity is or is likely to go as high as it was before the great downturn and the consolidation in the industry. But I think we're back to the new normal, if you will, in terms of competitive intensity, and our marketing, I would say, is the same. We had less of a cutback on marketing, but we've restored that and you'll see some changes from quarter-to-quarter, as we sequence some of our promotional activity. But generally, we're at about the run rate we think we need to generate that 2% to 4% long-term receivable growth that we are striving towards.
David W. Nelms: And I would just remind you, we're continuing to have some higher rate balances that are amortizing off. So the CARD Act, as each year goes past, will have less and less impact. But this year, you've seen somewhat of an offsetting factors with higher rates rolling off and the benefit of lower funding costs and lower interest charge-offs.
David W. Nelms: But I think in the [indiscernible] mix and some of those components, a little of our [indiscernible].
David W. Nelms: Well, we would continue to look for opportunities, given our capital position and our desire to build out our Direct Banking and payment strategies. But I'd also say that we would continue to be very careful on that. You saw what we did in 2011, with the 2 student loan acquisitions. We are looking forward to continuing to build off of that student loan position during this coming year. We're looking forward to closing on during the course of the year and launching our Discover home loan origination area. So I would not say that any acquisition is even required to continue fulfilling the -- our objective. But if the right things available at the right price and terms, then we -- and it fits our strategy, it fits our financial model, then, of course, we'd be interested.
David W. Nelms: Well, what I'd say is that we are reporting about a week earlier than we did last year, so I don't think we have as much of a view for the full holiday sales. I think the one general trend I've noticed is continuing good transaction accounts and debit activity on our programs, some moderation in average ticket. Some of that you would expect with falling gas prices, which I think is a good thing for our customers but impacts volume. But it also could possibly reflect a little more discounting by some of the retailers that could impact average ticket. So we'll obviously know more as we finish out this season, it's important, last couple of weeks here.
David W. Nelms: Well, we are a big customer of the Post Office and we've been very pleased with their continuing service, so I'm not particularly concerned about that. I would say that a lot of it -- we're not going to disclose the exact numbers, but a lot of our business, whether it's for new accounts, from payments and other activities, customer self-servicing on the Internet, a lot of it is moving to the Internet. And just as a general guide, we had -- a couple of years ago, we had 3 payment processing and statement centers and we've now consolidated down to just one, and a lot of that is because of the big move that we're seeing to the Internet. And I think that is one of the main reasons, main focuses that we have on our future cost position because we think that doing things online can drive an increasing level of efficiency across our organization.
David W. Nelms: Well, we've really liked the Private Student Loan business and I think some of the confusion is over the federal student loans, which are about 95% of the market versus the 5% or so that's private student loans. And you have seen some figures come out, industry figures, but in the quarter, and I think on deteriorating credit quality, but I would just remind you that those are on the federal side. As Mark mentioned, our statistics have continued to perform per our expectations, which means that we continued to expect much lower loan losses and much better credit quality than the credit cards or than federal student loans. And I think that we have tried to be very careful in what we do with a lot of co-signatures. So to a large degree, we're lending not just to students, but we're involving the parents which we think significantly helps the credit and makes better decisions. And we're very focused on ability to pay and being cautious to help make sure that our students don't get in over their heads in terms of the debt that they can -- that they're taking on. And so I think in terms of growth, in Investor Day, we said that we had hoped to grow organically by about $1 billion this year, and that's about what we hit. And next year, we think we can do a bit more than that, and we'll be more specific with some targets during Investor Day.
David W. Nelms: And in fact, on that regard, we said that the Student Loan acquisition we closed on a year-ago, we were looking for a $0.09 earnings accretion, and I'm happy to report that it was right in the $0.09 to $0.10 range of earnings accretion from that. So it's tracking along well so far.
David W. Nelms: Well, I actually wouldn't characterize it as lack of interest. I would say we are a big player on the network side, and in fact, there is a -- we don't disclose the exact numbers but we have a significant volume, particularly on PULSE, but also on Discover Network from prepaid, and the largest -- some of the largest prepaid providers in the country operate on our network. And so we may be just a bit more quiet about it, but we're certainly pursuing multiple opportunities in that regard.
David W. Nelms: Well, what I would say is that we've been the leader in rewards and cash rewards specifically, for 25 years. We do have a number of competitors who have been copying some of our features and programs. And so we continue to have innovations. And one of the things that we're very focused on is working with retailers where we have many retailers on our Shop Discover program, that work with us on the 5% program and have more ways to earn and redeem than our competitors. And it's an area that we think we need to continue to be the leaders and we need to have stability. There's an awful lot of competitors that have come in and then gone out when they realize that it's expensive and it's specialized, whereas you've seen us stay the course and continue to be the leader recognized by consumers broadly in this area.
David W. Nelms: Well, what I'd say is that it probably accelerated during the downturn, and one of the things that if you look at our sales volume on Discover Card the last 3 years, our sales did not drop off as much as any of the other competitors. And now we're growing 8% during this quarter and we've also disclosed in Investor Day and a couple of times, some other metrics, both on growth on active merchants and in growth of sales on primary customers. I can't go into great detail on how we track it, but we certainly are very focused on our wallet share, which we see on the credit bureaus and on getting not only more active customers, but getting our active customers to use us more. And there is great leverage in having a couple of more transactions a month, on our card versus someone else's card and we're very focused on that, usually, using our rewards program.
David W. Nelms: I think you've seen us do both over time -- well, really, probably 3 kinds. We've done some funding with the E-trade funding acquisition from 2 years ago. You've seen is doing assets and a business which are the student loan acquisitions and then you've seen us announce the home loan, which is more of a fee generating business since we don't intend to keep those on books. So -- and then finally, you've seen us do payments, once with both Diners Club and PULSE over the years. So I think that anything that fits our strategy and has the right financial metrics for our shareholders is something that we would at least pay attention to.
David W. Nelms: Well, remember that we have been running at around 90 basis points and have suggested some stability, so part of the comments where the 86 is below that and was intended to signal that we're not is probably a little bit lower level. It will fluctuate, to a large degree, by how much promotional work we do in a given quarter, how much we do in our 5% program and our other programs. And we go through a rigorous process, particularly on the promotional programs, to do testing and see what kind of incremental sales we have, what kind of spend we have that is sustained, both in other categories and in the categories in which we have promotions. So while we certainly look at competitors, I'd say our biggest focus is making sure that we're delivering the maximum value at an achievable cost for us, and I think we've proven that we're the best at that over the long haul.
David W. Nelms: Well, remember, there is obviously, seasonality in credit cards whether it's back-to-school or the holiday period that we're coming into. So I think that the thing we typically point to is the year-over-year growth in loans. And you've seen us kind of consistently move from neutral to 1% to 2% to now, 3% year-over-year. And that was our ending balance. And so I think I wouldn't overly analyze on seasonality. I would suggest that you look year-over-year.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think that we've had momentum and if you go from 1% to 2% to 3% ending, then you're going to see bigger numbers at the end than you are during the middle because you're growing during the course of that quarter.
David W. Nelms: Yes, as we've discussed in Investor Day, normally, in student loans, there's definitely vintages that you have to look at and you have minimal defaults during the time people are in school. You would expect to have about half of the default, the lifetime defaults during the first 2 years of repayment, and then the other half of the defaults during the remaining life of these loans. And so as the book matures and you have more people in that first 2 years after repayment, you would expect to have elevated losses. And if you look at our what, 45 basis points of losses, that's obviously well below what we'd expect this business to be when it's at maturity and that's why we internally look at the vintage curves. As it seasons, it'll come to up to more normal levels of losses.
David W. Nelms: It's going to obviously depend on how much we grow over the next few years. So I wouldn't want to -- and to a lesser degree, maybe on what's going on in the economy. I mean, we're pleased that it's performing well right now, at a time when unemployment -- employment for new grads is not -- is really not the best. So I wouldn't want to say what year will it be peak. The other thing I would remind you is that the majority of our portfolio is now purchased seasoned loans and so we've got a lot of history. The company that we purchased, Student Loan Corporation has been in the Student Loan business for 50 years, and we're one of the top 3 in the business. So we're originators. So I think we feel we've got a lot of expertise now in-house.
