Craig Streem: Thank you very much, Deidra. Good morning, everyone and we all want to welcome you to this morning's call. We certainly appreciate your interest and your joining us today. As always, I want to begin by reminding you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the company’s future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today’s earnings press release, which was furnished to the SEC in an 8-K report, in our Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended February 28th, and in our Form 10-K for the year ended November 30th, 2009, both of which are on file with the SEC. In the second quarter 2010 earnings release and financial supplement, which are now posted on our website at discoverfinancial.com and have been furnished to the SEC, we provided information that compares and reconciles our non-GAAP financial measures with the GAAP financial information and of course, we explained why these presentations are useful to management and to investors and we urge you to review that information in conjunction with today’s discussion. In addition, to make comparisons more meaningful, we are continuing to provide historical results on a basis that excludes income statement impacts of the Visa/MasterCard settlement and the Morgan Stanley special dividend agreement dispute, and also adjust for the effects of FAS 166, 167 and this as-adjusted information was made available in today’s earnings release and in an 8-K filing on March 1st. Finally, before turning the call over to David Nelms, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, I want to mention to everyone that my colleague in Investor Relations, Amit Parikh has been promoted to Director, Global Business Development in our Payment Services business and will be leaving me at the end of next week. I know that many of you have worked closely with Amit during his rotation on the IR team here at Discover and certainly appreciate the contribution he has made. I know that David, Roy and I expect that he will make an even more significant contribution in his new role and I'm sure you will join us in wishing him great success. As is always our custom, our call this morning will include formal remarks from David and from Roy Guthrie and of course, a question-and-answer session. And now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to David.
Craig Streem: Deidra, hang on a moment, please. I really have to encourage all of you to hold your questions to one so we can accommodate everyone this morning. We don't want to end the call without everyone having had a chance to ask a question. So please, with respect, limit your questions to one. Deidra, prompt for the next one, please.
Craig Streem: Thank you, Deidra. And thank you all for your attention and your interest. And if you have any follow-ups, please come back to me and we will work on that with you. And we wish you a good day. Thank you.
David Nelms: Well, we have actually seen some very nice stability, and it appears that we are hanging on to the strong momentum that we had during the quarter. The month of May, our sales were up about 6% year over year, and that has also continued for the first couple of weeks in June, year over year. So it really matched the 6% that we saw for the entire quarter. Deidra, next question, please.
David Nelms: Well, I think as you kind of alluded to, the mix of bankruptcy versus contractual charge-off can certainly impact that overall relationship, but beyond that, I don't think they will move in lock step, but I would expect them to be – have a fairly strong correlation, as delinquencies fall closer to charge-offs.
David Nelms: Well, Dan, the first thing I would say is that the bill is not even yet passed, and there still could be changes. And secondly, even once it is passed, the specific regulations that the Federal Reserve will have to make over the next year regarding pricing and the specific rules could have a lot to bear on exactly how this plays out. With regard to exclusivity, some of the current proposals are designed to, I think, encourage competition. I recognize today that if you think about a debit card, you know, Visa could have exclusive contracts today, where an they have both Interlink and Signature debit and have, there is no competition on that card, whereas virtually 100% of the other networks like PULSE or the other PIM networks almost always share and are competitive on that card with Signature network. So you know, I think there is some scenario that the people that have, if competition is introduced to that card, and we are able to compete, that could be a favorable outcome and we would certainly look to aggressively pursue a higher level of competition, if that is how it plays out.
David Nelms: You know, I think it is really too early to tell. These things are fairly far reaching and a lot changes and I would certainly hope that given that the intent is to open up competition, if that is how it plays out, that would be very good, but you know, we have to wait to see the specific regulations before we can definitely say whether it is a positive, neutral, or a negative.
David Nelms: Well, as I kind of mentioned, we do think we are at a bit of an inflection point. This quarter, our balance trends for volumes were off 60% year over year, but we are right now at the anniversary of when the big changes were made on our balance transfer programs and so, both from much easier comparisons starting next quarter on balance transfer, as well as increased growth initiatives, both for new customers and existing customers, I expect that balance transfers will actually start growing modestly from here. You have seen sales growing, and so those things, two trends that we expect will lead to gradual sequential gains in card receivables over the next few quarters. And we are going to, you know, especially as we see our strategies working, regarding cash rewards and our service, better service that we are providing customers in our product set, as well as in improving credit environment and little more stability on the new regulations, that gives us confidence to start gradually growing the business again.
David Nelms: You know, we don't disclose the exact number of quarterly new accounts, but I would say we expect to put on more new accounts this coming quarter than we did the quarter that we just reported.
David Nelms: Well, everything we do is designed to be shareholder friendly. I would say our number one focus will be on growing our business and putting capital to work, earn strong returns and I would say, obviously, if at some point we feel like we have generated more capital than we can put to work, then the Board would obviously consider the other alternatives. But I would say it would really be premature to do anything more in terms of capital at this point.
David Nelms: You know, the biggest opportunity clearly is from our current cardmember base, because we have got about a quarter of the U.S. households who have a Discover card and we don't have a quarter of the market spending on loans. So activation and expanding usage across the 5% get more programs to get our cardmembers to use their card in more categories and use it as their primary card would usually get first funds, because there is a very high payback there. But beyond that, it will be spread across the areas that we think have the best thing for the box, you know, a little more direct mail, more internet, more TV advertising for the brand, and more and some of the other direct banking products as well, student loans, personal loans, and deposits. So there is not going to be any one thing, but just a gradual return to more normal levels of marketing.Jason Arnold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. Thank you for the color.
David Nelms: I would say it is the second of the scenarios you just laid out. What we are seeing is the – all of the growth is coming from high cycle score customers and from our lowest risk customers, and so someone walking away from a mortgage would by definition be in the low cycle score range and we are not seeing growth in those areas. So my interpretation of our data are is that we have a large number of customers who were not underwater with their house, who didn't lose their job, and are now feeling a little more confident spending money again. They have now had a year or two to maybe de-leverage, pay off a little debt, and they are feeling a little more confident about the economy. They don't feel like – they are feeling like they are not likely to lose their job, and that is where we are seeing the spending increase from.
David Nelms: Well, I would say a couple of things. First, we have been very focused on making the dollars we are spending go further. And so, we were able to produce the 6% growth in sales with the level of marketing expense that you saw in the quarter. So it is not just about money, it is also about effectiveness. Secondly, I would say that the delinquencies dropped more this quarter than we expected. We certainly saw some of that benefit in the first quarter, but first quarter was the first time we really saw our credit start to defer from the unemployment rate, and I think having a few more months under our belt can make sure that wasn't a one quarter operation, that it was going to continue, I think gives us a little more confidence and the last thing we wanted to do was falsely call the top. We called, last quarter, we said we thought it peaked in the first delinquencies peaked in the fourth quarter. Now we had another data point that proved that that in fact was the case. And so I think we are just a bit more confident now than we were even on Investor Day.
David Nelms: Sure. John, I am looking at, just reading all the statistical stuff about the credit card yields in the second quarter was 12.93%.
David Nelms: And the guidance refers back to the fourth quarter of last year, 12.75%, and we are expecting all in back to close the year at 25 basis points down. So it is 12.75% at the end of next year, down 25 basis points would indicate something around 12.50% by the fourth quarter.
David Nelms: Well, I think that the statistics that I gave was 7% increase in active merchants is indicative of the fact that we are broadening the acceptance. They tend to be the smallest, you know, very small merchants that we are adding, so you are seeing that grow even faster than sales dollars in total. And so, the strategy is working. We have signed with over 100 of the acquirers. So virtually, all of them are on the program. Not all of them have implemented all the stages of our new strategy. And so I would say, through this year, and even into next year, this should continue to be a nice tailwind, because not all of the small merchants are turned on as we sit here today.Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets: And just a comment earlier about PULSE. I think you mentioned the pipeline looked very good for PULSE, and therefore transaction volumes should go up. And I was just curious if anything had changed with regard to PULSE, as to why maybe the pipe line is what it has historically been. But sounds like you were more positive on the PULSE pipeline.
David Nelms: Well, you know, we were pleased with how the high growth rate that we had this quarter in our third party Discover network of business, so I think that is to some degree, that might partly benefit from our international prospects and the fact that we are in fact turning on countries. We saw some nice gain from inbound Japanese volume because of our JCB deal that benefited this quarter and I think that going forward, certainly being one of – the only one besides Visa and MasterCard who actually have a global network with credit and debit provides opportunities to appeal to really provide an opportunity to both US issuers, who want international acceptance, but also international or global issuers who can look to Diner's Club and Discover and PULSE as a strong alternative to Visa and MasterCard.Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
David Nelms: Well, I think you've already seen that. Over the last year, our payment rate has risen and part of the – and a couple of the reasons for that are pure balance transfers and balance transfers have a bit lower average payment rate than the retail-only part of the portfolio. And secondly, yes, transactors – more sales growth on transactors means a bit higher payment rate. And so you've seen that. If you look at our trust data, we are definitely up versus a year ago on payments.Rick Shane – Jefferies & Company: Terrific, guys. Thank you for taking my questions.
David Nelms: Well, first off, I'm very pleased with the 7% increase, because it's hard to know how many merchants there are total, but certainly there have been a lot of businesses going out of business over the last year. So if I could measure versus what's going on with everyone else, which I really can't, I think we would compare very favorably. Certainly, the – it is – the new strategy is working, but it does take time and there can be – it can take some time for the acquirers to enable all the terminals and communicate with their merchants and change their systems and some of that is still ongoing. And then secondly, the merchants, once they've been enabled, turned on, we – they've got to have the signage up, the clerk has to – at the counter has to know they take Discover now, because that's the change. And we've been making hundreds of thousands of in-person visits to help accelerate that progress. We do think we are on a – 97% plus of new merchants who are signing up are getting Discover as part of the package. So this is more a matter of – it takes a long time to go back and get all the legacy merchants to add Discover, whereas they may only have taken Visa and MasterCard in the past. Secondly, in terms of awareness, we are – part of the reason we are so aggressively pushing our 5% get more program and if you look at our TV commercials, we are physically showing merchants swiping the card through their terminals, we are encouraging our card members to use across all categories. We think about which ones to put into the get more program, partly based on the types of categories where we are having most – the biggest changes in acceptance. And so we are doing – we are certainly stepping up our activity in terms of encouraging it from the cardholder side as well.
David Nelms: I think there are some mixed – mix changes that are leading to reasonably stable overall response rates. On the one hand, even with some competitors starting to come back into the direct mail market a bit, the – their amount of direct mail is still far lower than it was historically. So consumers just aren't getting nearly the number of offers and that means that helps us to not get drowned out as much as could have happened a few years back. On the other side, I do think consumer behavior has changed and consumers are now using fewer and fewer cards, they are consolidating their spending, they are – and they are not switching from – switching around from one to another. So that benefits us because our retention rates are at historic lows, but it also means you are not getting as many new customers who are switching from some other issuer on to us. So those are some of the cross currents and what – I think at least I'm not seeing dramatic swings in the cost per account or the response rates as a result.
David Nelms: Well, thank you. Clearly, one of our three main pillars is leading service and last year, we won in the whole industry for number one on J.D. Power on the service aspect. We would love to win the overall J.D. Power for the industry. We were just edged out by Amex last year, but we are looking to have everyone have those kind of comments.
David Nelms: Well, I would say that – if you take – I think it was 1,300 pages in the CARD Act; probably a similar number of pages of interpretation and something like 2,000 pages in the current financial reform that's not yet passed. It would be impossible for me on this call to fully catalog everything. I would say, generally, as was mentioned, we have implemented most of the CARD Act changes already. There are some ongoing sort of cumulative impacts as risk-based pricing gradually diminishes and we have an amortization off of higher-priced loans and fewer really low-priced loans and more people in the middle. And we talked a lot about the yield impact of that. The late fee piece, I did quantify in my comments as being roughly $80 million a year. And that will go into effect in August – I think it's middle of August. So if you look from that point forward, that would come off of our – on a net basis, come out of our fee income line. And then this current financial services reform legislation is not yet done, so we'll have to see what the final impact is. But it's much less certain how it would even impact us. Clearly there's – well, it appears there will be a new consumer regulator, but there is nothing specific. And so a lot of the impact would be dependent on how that regulator promulgates rules and how those fit with us. But clearly, we try to be a very consumer-focused company and so we would hope or expect to have a lower impact. But there is uncertainty on that. But it will be at least a year before we probably see even more clarity on some of those changes.
Roy Guthrie: Hey, Brian. I think it is a – right now, it is a tailwind, or good guy, just to be clear talking about the tailwind on the expense line, but the reality is that maturities that – you know, we have always played out the curves and so what you are seeing mature are deposits issued two, three, four and five years ago, and so the rate at which those carry are being sort of displaced by today's issuance, which by the way, you can see on discovercard.com or at discoverbank.com, basically are giving us a tailwind. We did have in this quarter, I mentioned, large maturities, five of which came out of the asset-backed trust, those had very – those were also issued in legacy periods and had very low rates associated with them. So we have got a blend of things that are coming due that the deposit channel is replacing, but if you were to isolate deposits, maturing and deposits being issued, it is a big plus for us.
Roy Guthrie: Sure. The answer, sequentially is yes. So I think we have tried, I think we have sort of pushed that to the low end of the range based on some favorability that we have seen in the actual level of the charge-offs, so it is incorporating estimates of degree of suppression that are resident in that. You know, it is a (inaudible) right, so it has obviously got the yield itself, it has got the mix, which includes default balances and promo balances, which are the two things that we are seeing moving now. We are talking a lot about promo balances maybe flattening, if not growing in the discussion we are having here about growth. So that is going to be a constructive move. We will see sequential decline in the default balances and we should see lower charge-offs. Those are all resonant in that expectation. In terms of the interest expense, you know, it is, you know I think when Brian asked the question, I tried to make sure that we don't go deposits for deposits, because in this first half, we have seen, out of that $14 billion in maturities I talked about, about $8 billion came out of the asset-backed program and the asset-backed program maturities are LIBOR plus a handful, you know, 15 or 20 basis points. You can see that detail in the master trust, and so you know that we are paying off things that were issued during a time when the risk profile of those were being measured quite differently. But from the deposit standpoint, and I think what we are seeing for the rest of this year, importantly, moving forward, it is going to be deposit maturities and deposit issuance. And so the relevant discussion we had about deposits, about deposits being a good guy is probably more relevant in the third and fourth quarter than it was in the first half, given that deposit maturities and deposit issuance will be at the margin what is happening in our second half.
Roy Guthrie: Well, those were deposits that were issued two, three, and four years ago, so they would be materially higher than the 2-ish percent yields that are being written now, and materially I would say, a multiple of that.
Roy Guthrie: Okay, Henry. I am giving you, we are talking about that sale now because I really wanted to give you a heads up. We are going to be putting a lot more detail in the Q, but I will give you lots of transparency into how to think about that. It will not occur though until the fourth quarter. So again, the transaction is expected to actually be effective in the fourth quarter. Therefore, I think across, you know, most of those issues that you talked about, it's a fourth quarter issue.
Roy Guthrie: Well, you know, we would have been paying down legacy. We issued, you know, if you go back into 2005, 2006, 2007, we would have been issuing three to five year asset backs at LIBOR plus 5 to 20, okay, and that is what you saw mature here. And there is a billion of them in the first half. You can see our deposit rate. Those are resonant on discoverbank.com and please, everyone listening in, please frequent that and use it at your leisure, because I think it is a good reference point and great value. You can see where we are issuing based on that and you can see, and I gave you guidance as to what the asset backs are now, so you have got a zip code on that. And then, the legacy deposits, which also are issued back, you know, prior to the crisis, because most of these are long dated deposits that are maturing would have been prior to the Fed relaxing targeted rates, much higher than the 2% plus we are issuing at right now. There is a big win on the deposit to deposit, deposit issuance, for deposit maturities – but a little bit of a – in the first half, headwind from the maturities of those asset-backs with very little (inaudible). As we look forward into the second half, it's going to be lined up deposit maturities for deposit issuance and we will begin to see the value of that, I think, accrete into the cost of funds more readily than you might have seen it in the first half.
Roy Guthrie: Well, we – we have – we've maintained – about a third of the portfolio is indeterminate maturities. The other two-thirds is out the curve. We have strong renewal attributes and we've talked about those – we talked about those in depth at Analyst Day. And for those of you listening in that haven't seen the material, it's available on our website. But we do tend to issue in the 18 to 36-month window with I think an aggregate duration in the two-year area. So no, we do not go short necessarily. Over time, you might say, yes, there is opportunity there. But at the present time, we are focusing on term, liquidity, and renewal attributes and a combination of those two I think does differentiate us from a lot of the other issuers in the market from a liability and liquidity standpoint.
Roy Guthrie: Hey, Chris. Yes, the late fees are recorded in other revenue in our business model. So you will see that the yield guidance we are giving you on that credit card book would not include that aspect initially. And yes, I think it's cumulative. So you look at the yield suppression that is involved with charge-offs within the interest income line and that will move down, station itself, and then continue to improve sequential quarter from where we landed here. So I think it is a new beginning point for sequential quarter impact looking forward. So I guess you would take that suppression. You will get a lot of transparency into this, because you will see the actual number in the Q. And then I think what you want to do, that – that's your baseline and then apply the guidance we are giving you on charge-offs, representative to it going forward.
Roy Guthrie: Well, the capital ratios that we maintain are well into the top quartile of the top quartile of the banking industry, Michael. And so it's not a part, it's not the target, nor it would be dramatically affected by it. I'm more focused on the direction of (inaudible) and other aspects of capital than that. Certainly, as we look forward, these things may influence what we might view as a cushion that would be absorbed by growth or opportunities to grow inorganically before we would make decisions about other areas. So I think where we target is very dynamic rubric right now based on a lot of things going on. I think what we tried to share earlier is that we are positioned favorably to grow the business and that's what that capital is first and foremost for and that's what it's going to be used for and as we see those opportunities not sort of pan out to absorb that, we'll make decisions in keeping, from a timing standpoint, with that – those insights.
John Stilmar – SunTrust: Good morning. David, a quick question for you. First of all, thank you for the color on some of the spending trends, especially at the customer level. But, I would like to start there with what are you seeing, obviously it is very controversial with regards to certain mortgage holders who are walking away from their homes or staying in the homes and not paying rent. There is fairish argument that that is contributing to consumer spending, and it has been argued that that is one of the differences in credit card spending versus maybe what we are seeing in retail sales. The question is, what are you starting to see at the customer level? Is that really something that is driving this increase in spending or is this really just a consumer who is money good on their mortgage, who is basically coming back to spending? If could you kind of characterize some of those demographics, or some of the trends that we read about, and what you are seeing underneath in terms of the composition of spending patterns in your portfolio, I would be appreciative.
John Stilmar – SunTrust: So it is more of what you are seeing in your portfolio rather than the competitive landscape that is driving your marketing expense.
John Stilmar – SunTrust: Okay. And then, finally, just a housekeeping item and it is just a point of clarity with regards to Sanjay's question. You know, this quarter, I believe your credit card revenue yield was 12.7% and your guidance is for it to come down by 25 basis points. But implicitly, is 20 of that already including the fee suppression, such that you are really talking about 12.5% guidance for the near term, or should we be stripping out the fee suppression number and that is another 25 from there? Just a point of clarification.
