David Nelms: Well I actually think that there has been more stability and competitive intensity than one might think. This has been an intense -- specifically rewards and cash back has been intensely competitive for many years and this is not the first time that we've seen issuers come out with what might look to some of us to be unsustainable. My experience is they don't dial them back real quickly but after two or three years they start seeing the profit numbers not hitting hurdles and then they'll dial them back. I would also say and in fact in recent quarters we've seen some issuers actually dial back earlier rich programs. So that's been a history in the industry. The other thing I'd say is that I wouldn't over focus on one measure. Clearly rewards are very important but service, features – there is a lot of other things that are very important to customers. And so you don't have -- if people don't have the full package like Discover it, we think it's got a great rewards but a lot of other things. The full package still continues to be more resilient than just having one headline number that you're competing with.
David Nelms: I think Ryan it's really a function of growth. I think the key thing to bear in mind is the vintages are generally seasoning in line with our expectations. But I would also point out that we're coming into the period of time now or if you think about peak losses occurring on a card book somewhere generally between 18 months and 30 months after origination of a vintage. We've got several larger vintages as a result of the growth we've come up over the course of the last couple years coming into the seasoning mode. So continuing again generally to season in-line with our expectations but as the larger vintages come through it will have a modestly larger impact on the overall totals.
David Nelms: And Sanjay on the growth, I think we're very pleased that again we performed well above the targeted range that we had laid out a few years back. And I think one of the things that's happening -- well two things are happening. One is we're seeing good results from Discover it, the new features, free FICO, security things that we're putting in place, our advertising and I think we're starting to get an industry that is maybe showing a little more signs of modest growth. We've been growing despite a shrinking industry. And so I think that if the industry itself picks up a little bit then that obviously would be helpful for our ability to continue to grow as robustly as we are as we have been the last two quarters certainly. So probably early next year we'll be actually revisiting and trying to make a decision do we stick with that original guidance that we gave a few years back or do we change it and the industry and our results will be informative in that decision.
David Nelms: And we reserve for interest charge-offs as well Bill, unless some of our competitors don’t have it going through that allowance line.
David Nelms: I would say the mathematical answer to that question is yes. I would also point out to you though that in the history of mankind other than playing dumb luck I don’t think anybody has ever nailed their reserve.
David Nelms: Well I would say that we're excited about that potential prospect of mobile payments generally. I think that it's likely mobile payments are likely to -- well we've been hoping they took off faster. It always seemed to take a little longer than you would like but I think mobile payments has their prospect to have more going into our cards as opposed to cash and check to add more features and functionality to consumers and their purchasing which I think is good for customers and good for our industry. So just generically we're excited about the various mobile efforts in the industry and there is obviously a number of them going on right now.
David Nelms: Well look I wouldn't want to talk specifically about any of our relationships. We have a lot of important relationships and one of our strategies is to be a great partner to a bunch of people. And I would say that we certainly do expect to be participating in Apple Pay. We don't know when that will be, but we'll be actively working to be included over time.
David Nelms: I would say there is certainly more competition in that business than there was but I would say that we’re also participating a little more broadly than we were. We mentioned at our Investor Day that we previously did not even consider people that responded -- we had to give an invitation to apply to even be considered for Discover personal loan and we have started testing into unsolicited applications although we still are very much -- we have very strict credit criteria to manage the credit well. So I think that percentage growth rates in that business may decline a little bit but the dollars I think have continued -- of growth have continued to be very strong, that business is now much larger than it was for us a few years ago. So we’re growing off of a lower base, but we're still you know -- our business is growing north of 20% a year. I'm very happy with the growth rates while managing the credit and the yield.
David Nelms: Well you mention the P-to-P. They started P-to-P, I don't think they really are anymore but there are some very fast growing and very aggressive kind of non-traditional bank players and some of the more traditional banks are also perking up a bit in this space. But generally you know I think the last two or three years we think we have been the number one originator of personal loans in the country and we continue to be a very -- it continues to be a very good business for us.
David Nelms: As I’ve mentioned before I’ve seen a little bit of a pickup in industry loans and I don't think I am seeing anything real dramatic but I would say the more middle class consumer is typically more likely to revolve some or all of their products and I think what we're seeing is a little bit more confidence by the consumer to revolve some of their debt. And so I think that's leading to a percent or two faster growth rate for the industry.
David Nelms: Well I would say I've seen a fair amount of stability in both pricing and credit aggressiveness. I'm not seeing with very rare exceptions, I'm not seeing people get back into subprime credit cards and I think that the pricing has been pretty stable for the industry in part because people you know (indiscernible) people know that the price they have to set they have to live with for potentially 10 - 20 years and so I think people are being careful to have an adequate spread. I would also say there has been some consolidation of the industry and the people that are left are probably not going to underprice and I think historically there were some that underpriced and then came back with price increases afterwards.
David Nelms: Yes, I would say we aren't prepared yet to quite break down the components of that growth for next year. I think we just kind of put them into those broad categories and aren't going to attribute them yet. But I guess without reference to specific numbers what I would say is I think we continue to see great new account acquisition numbers and good loan growth, so I think some continued investment in the marketing space, additional investment in the marketing space is clearly going to make sense both in the card space as well as for certain other products. The regulatory expenses David, I would tell you bluntly, are sticky, all right? I mean I think there is a new higher level of expectation to which the whole industry is being held. I don't think this is unique to us in terms of what you're hearing on this front. It's really across the industry that there are much, much higher regulation and compliance expectations and those drive costs. So I would say those are going to be sticky costs going forward.
David Nelms: Moshe, I would say that's been relatively stable for us. I think that we've continued to move more and more to online verses the traditional direct mail and if you do that well that can be a cost savings. I also think that we have invested very heavily in having a differentiated product that appeals more to consumers, has a better pull rate. So we're continuing to basically make our product more and more appealing so that it's not just pricing as I mentioned before. It's service, it's brand perceptions, it's a lot of work to create more differentiation and that is helping us to I think sustain an average cost per account that you know might otherwise be under pressure if we didn't do any of those things and just watched the competition come back into the market.
David Nelms: Well certainly gas prices all other things equal will depress a bit the sales gain because order of magnitude about 10% of credit card sales tend to be gas prices. So you can kind of multiply through and figure out what the impact is on total sales as gas prices go up or down. The knock on effect is that if people are paying less on gas then it tends to be somewhat helpful for credit. People may have more discretionary spend to put into other items besides gas. So there may be some off sets but all other things equal it does suppress sales a little bit if gas prices are down. In terms of student loans as I mentioned, I'm very pleased with the growth that we achieved. You know we always do report both on the organic portfolio and the acquired portfolio and so obviously the acquired portfolio which was sizeable when we purchased, it will continue to paydown as those students finish paying their loans in full, and so if you look at the organic growth portfolio you know we were up by more than 20% year-over-year. So that's quite healthy growth.
David Nelms: Home mortgage continues to be a challenge. I think we had -- you know it is slightly suppressing our overall earnings you know maybe a penny a quarter. So it's not a big driver of our bottom line. It was never a big positive either, but the combination of a difficult business environment and a difficult regulatory requirements make that business challenging. I don't see either of those factors changing any time real soon.
David Nelms: I would say that we’re still figuring that out. I think that if you look back from -- we would have expected from the time we bought it four years ago to today we would have expected it to be you know further along but there has been a lot of changes, regulatory market, etcetera, since that time. So we are looking at options of what more do we need to do to make it more significant and a contributor.
David Nelms: We think that there is a business benefit, that's why we would be doing it. I think that one of the -- as we research rewards customers are pretty focused on an easy and good redemption process. It gives them more confidence since they earn these rewards that they know they're going to be able to actually redeem it. And historically our breakage was a much bigger savings if you will for the company. But between our card attrition which has come down to extraordinarily low levels, our delinquency rates which have come down to extraordinarily low levels. The ease of which we have given people -- we have made it so much easier to redeem through for instance Amazon Instant in any amount, so the breakage has come down to well below -- has come down to five basis points or lower which means we have to kind of say well could we cost effectively satisfy customers even more? And we would expect that both attracting new customers to our franchise as well as not losing customers and getting more wallet share that it wouldn't take much movement in any of those levers to offset five basis points of higher cost.
David Nelms: Well I would say generally we are seeing people copy us. I mean people don't have the loyalty that we have. Historically people were not as focused on rewards as we've been. So I think when you look at competitors the big switch is they have moved their marketing from a mix of rewards and non-rewards to now almost all rewards and that would erode their margins whereas we have certainly invested more in cash back bonus [ph], you know a number of years ago we were closer to 80 basis points, we’re now a bit north of 100 basis points of rewards cost. We have put in place the 5% program. We've got merchant funded rewards which doesn't hit our bottom line but benefits customers. As Mark mentioned we’re considering reducing breakage which drives up costs but also satisfaction but we’re being very careful do it in a levered and sustainable way so that we never get in the position of having to devalue rewards the way many of our competitors have over time.
David Nelms: I would say they woke up 10 years ago. I mean before that, we were pretty much the only game in town on cash rewards and now everyone has one or multiple cash programs, and so I'm not seeing any kind of inflexion point at this point. I just think that we’re -- I think this very competitive rewards competition is not going to go away. It's the new normal but it has been for quite some time.
David Nelms: Yes and I would say that we -- while I accept the point that delinquencies are at a low point likely now we don't expect them to go back to what they were for the industry or for us you know five years plus ago. And other than that the changes in terms of our loyalty rate as well as the changes that we've put in place like the Amazon redemption are more structural changes that we've put in place and we don’t -- if anything we would expect breakage to become less and less as we try to replicate the success of things like Amazon maybe with some other people. So I don't think that the five basis points is suddenly going to grow to some you know higher number. I think it would be a modest cost for an anticipated good marketing and customer gain.
Mark Graf: Yes there is a bunch in that Ryan and I will try and tackle the ones that really hit the 38% number specifically. I would say there is a couple different things. First of all is we'll be looking at a couple of onetime expenses coming at us next year such as roll-out of EMV, and then I think we're also facing a number of expenses that the entire industry is facing that David eluded to, really additional compliance and regulatory functions and meeting significantly higher expectations obviously is going to be driving some of that as well. We do continue to invest in our technology infrastructure with a principal focus around digital but it's broad based investing that's taking place as well. So those would be the really key drivers of the elements that I see taking our expenses higher as I look into next year.
Mark Graf: That's a really big question that can have an awful lot of calculus impacting both ends of that equation, so how about if I just tell you about the pieces of the puzzle that go into each of them? Because we don't provide EPS guidance, I will stay away from the specific correlation between the two. I guess what I would say is that provisioning itself as I said earlier and as you noted in your question it's really going to be dictated going forward by loan growth. The seasoning of the new vintages, some of the vintages that are coming through are slightly larger than some of the vintages that we've seen before. So that will -- again they're seasoning generally in-line with our expectations but the vintages themselves are slightly larger. The other things that go into the calculus on that side of the equation really are going to be recoveries, right? What is the trajectory at which we continue to realize recoveries off that declining pool but nevertheless still out there of crisis period charge-offs? I would say the economic environment comes into it, bankruptcy filings come into it. So I think there is a lot of different things. I think our comments are really kind of directed at helping you kind of get the fact that the larger vintages are starting to mature. So we do believe that growth will drive incremental provisioning expense, but again I would underscore we don't see any fundamental changes in the economic environment at this point in time. On the net interest income side, again a lot of things taking place there because it depends on the components of growth, right? Are you bringing in lower priced tiers of new accounts? Higher priced tiers of new accounts? Is there a level of promotional activity taking place? What are you doing with your funding costs, both in terms of the market rate environment as well as what levers are that we're pulling right now to fix costs and extend duration on our funding, right? As I said in my prepared comments we're purposely taking our funding costs slightly higher so that we perform better in a rising rate environment locking those in for long periods of time for tranches of the funding. So there is a whole bunch of pieces of the puzzle that go into that that aren't necessarily inter-related but those are the basic levers.
Mark Graf: Generally speaking yes, there is a couple little puts and takes around the edges but for the sake of simplistic answer to the question, yes that would be correct.
Mark Graf: Yes, Bob, it's Mark. I will start with that and then pass to David with respect to the yield question on the personal loan business. It's come down slightly as more of the recent vintages really are coming in with shorter durations at origination than they had historically. Remember these are fixed rate products so as they are on a shorter duration the yields are going to be a little bit lower. So you get lower yields but you also from an asset liability management perspective as we look forward to a rising rate environment there is benefit to that fixed rate product being shortened up a bit as well. And respect to the performance to business I will pass to David for that part.
Mark Graf: Yes we did issue about 575 million back in late 2012 because we only had common equity in our capital structure any significant degree. We didn't include a preferred issuance in our 2014 CCAR and we are still in the planning phases at this point in time obviously for the 2015 CCAR. So I can't comment on it specifically at this point in time although I would just begin reiterate what we've said before and that is our goal in that CCAR process is to have a prudently aggressive ask, because we fully recognize that our shareholders would like some more capital returns.
Mark Graf: There is two component pieces there. The 185 million is a onetime charge to basically extinguish the reserve that's set up on the balance sheet now that's been built-up over a number of years. The five basis point run-rate expense, yes I think you should think that as a marginal increase in the rewards cost. It probably won't be quite that high. I think I said it will be up to five basis points or somewhat less than five basis points I think is exactly what I said. Depending upon component parts and pieces we choose so it's going to be very manageable.
Mark Graf: I think you know the best fact that I can point to, to kind of underscore what David is talking about is if you look at year-over-year growth in receivables in the card space by far the largest component of that was just regular way spending, all right? So as people building receivables the old fashioned way, going out and using their Discover Card. So it doesn't feel like we're faced with anything like that kind of a decision at this point.
Mark Graf: Yes, I think that absolutely is a strategy you would expect to see us continue. I think we’re just being realists in looking and saying in the future, we are not smart enough to tell you exactly when rates change but we are pretty confident there is really only one direction they can go and a balance sheet is a dynamic thing and continuing to take the right actions as inflows [ph] to make sure we are positioned from an asset liability management and earnings standpoint, the best we can. Yes we'll sacrifice some current margin right now to make sure we got that right.
Mark Graf: Yes, so a couple things just to level set you before David answers there Sameer, what we said as we could do up to the 185. The 185 would be eliminating all of the forfeiture reserve. The other thing I would say is that you know we're considering a number of different pieces and there is still a few decisions to be made around that but we wanted to guide you towards you know what it could be. And then I think the other piece of the puzzle is the five basis points you're referencing. That is the ongoing incremental costs we will incur on our rewards rate as a result of having done that. It's not our current forfeiture rate. And it will actually be somewhat less than that five, I think we kind of hung five out there and said it would be somewhat less than that. We think we can manage that down a little bit. So there will be some incremental impact but probably not that full five. So that’s just to align all the math there and now I will pass it over to David.
Mark Graf: I would say as an organization we would always have a decided preference for the direct-to-consumer because it comes with a customer relationship and that gives us opportunities to cross sell and more effectively serve them. If you look at the component parts and pieces the direct-to-consumer business -- we built up pretty quickly in the crisis, right, and we built it by being a rate payer. Over the course of the last 3 to 4 years we’ve gone through a very purposeful exercise to basically reposition ourselves in the rate tables and shake out what I would call our retail capital market depositors sitting in the DTC space. That’s been a big part of what's driven our asset sensitivity we currently have on the balance sheet. So while DTC looks flat over the course of the last couple years, if you looked at components you would actually see good solid top line growth that isn't quite so rate driven and attrition of the folks with a beta of one or greater out of that book. The DTC, look it's a cost effective way for us to get some duration in the market place pretty effectively and pretty easily.
Mark Graf: I think it's an ongoing process right, because a bunch of that book historically was CDs. So as those maturities occur and I think you get our CD maturity schedule in our Annual Investor Day packet, you can look back on that one and kind of see what the maturities were coming at us and that will give you a good way to approximate what that rotation looks like.
