David W. Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before the market opened this morning, we reported quarterly earnings of $537 million or an even $1 per diluted share, driven by 6% year-over-year increase in revenues and continued improvements in credit. Additionally, we returned a significant amount of capital to shareholders with combined share buybacks and dividends of approximately $500 million in the quarter. In Direct Banking, we continued to deliver strong growth in card, private student and personal loans and launched some new products for future growth. I'm very pleased with our total loan growth of 9% over the prior year, which reflects another quarter of nearly 4% growth in card loans as we continue to focus on profitable revolver sales through cash rewards leadership, promotional offers, partnerships and advertising. We continue to achieve strong receivables growth while the overall card industry remains relatively flat. In terms of credit card performance, the strength of our risk management capabilities and the quality of our portfolio resulted in new historic lows for the 30-plus delinquency and net charge-off rates. The 30-plus delinquency rate fell below 2%, and our 90-plus delinquency rate fell to below 1%. This is truly outstanding credit performance. Also, in card, we recently announced our first affinity partnership with Ducks Unlimited, the largest conservation group in the world with more than 600,000 adult members committed to wetlands and waterfowl conservation. This partnership will leverage our leading rewards program and be a nice addition for new account and sales growth. In student loans, we started offering a new fixed-rate private student loan product. This new fixed-rate loan product provides predictability with a set interest rate for the life of the loan. Discover's fixed-rate private student loans are designed to have rates comparable to federal unsubsidized Stafford and PLUS Loans for qualifying students without the upfront origination fees of up to 4%. It is too early to tell how much long-term growth will come from this offering as it has been in the market for less than a month, but the early signs from customers and school financial aid officers are positive. The third new product that we just started marketing is residential mortgages under the Discover Home Loans brand. On June 6, we start -- we closed on the acquisition of the Home Loan Center business from Tree.com. The platform we acquired had a seasoned -- has a seasoned management team, approximately 750 employees and a technology platform that gives us room to expand in the future. We are originating prime, fixed- and variable-rate, conventional and FHA loans, which will be sold to the secondary market with servicing released. Home Loans is a product our customers have been asking Discover for, and the mortgage business is a natural extension of our Direct Banking strategy. We are entering this market in a sensible way, having acquired a platform at low-cost without the complexities of MSRs or legacy assets. After we launch the checking product later this year, I believe we will have achieved another key milestone toward building a full suite of Direct Banking products. In Payments, PULSE growth was up 14% over the prior year to an all-time record of $42 billion. As we have discussed previously, PULSE added 129 new relationships in 2011. However, merchant and acquirer routing discussions are still in process, and competitors' pricing changes are still being implemented in the market. We continue to remain concerned about one competitor's actions in the market, but that being said, I am pleased with how our PULSE team has responded. In summary, credit performance continues to be exceptional, but we continue to expect that we must be at or near the bottom. We are launching new products which will position us for revenue and asset growth in the future, and we are deploying capital in a thoughtful, meaningful way. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark to review our second quarter results.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, I'd say first off, obviously, we're pleased to have just closed our Home Loan acquisition, and so our primary focus will be integrating and growing that acquisition. And we remain open to other opportunities that fit our Direct Banking and Payment strategy and work financially. But we obviously have been very selective and careful but would remain open to future opportunities. I can't really comment any further on M&A pipeline per se.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say, if you look at our overall 9% year-over-year loan growth, I think we're near the top of the class in terms of being able to achieve growth, and you've seen us do that through a combination of some M&A with particularly, student loans, as well as organic, both in credit card loans growing 4% organically, as well as personal loans growing nicely organically. So we've got a whole host of actions that we've been employing in terms of marketing programs, emphasizing Cashback Bonus, leveraging our newfound capabilities in student loans and our expanded capabilities in student loans, and really having some what I consider to be some good advertising and marketing programs, plus our great service. Going forward, I mentioned 3 new product areas that each, I think, have an opportunity to continue and in some cases, maybe accelerate our growth, ranging from the first affinity program, which we think will be a good opportunity in cards. That space, that affinity space, has changed dramatically in the last few years. Service is critically important to groups and group members, and so we think we're well positioned to help address that marketplace. So the fixed-loan product in student loans is designed to help us accelerate growth in that area and meet some new needs. And obviously, Home Loans won't be growing receivables, but over the long term, should grow our fee income. So we are continuing to diversify across our Direct Banking and Payment strategy in an effort to grow. We've got obviously -- we'd love to be able to invest more capital in organic growth.
David W. Nelms: And with respect to the current reserve, it obviously reflects what we expect in charge-offs from loans that are currently on the books. And as Mark's mentioned, we feel like we're somewhere near the bottom, and so would be forecasting a modest increase in charge-offs over the forward 12-month period, which is why we end up with a -- what you see is a -- might be is a higher coverage ratio on the current quarter. It's a very low level of loan losses.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would just say that it assumes -- as we look at all the variables, and there's a lot, there's obviously different reserves for different parts of the books, so it's a complicated calculation, obviously, that we work very hard to fine-tune, but reflects what I would characterize is over the 12 -- forward 12 months, a modest increase in charge-off rate.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would expect spend growth to continue to be a bit more than loan growth. We've seen that in normal periods for quite some period of time. And I think that since we really started getting what I'd consider tougher comparable year-over-year comparisons probably in December of this year, and since December, I've seen a fair amount of stability bouncing around in that -- right around the 5% to 6% year-over-year if you look at the months since December. So I generally expect that kind of growth level to roughly continue.
David W. Nelms: I would view it as not our primary strategy but an extension of our strategy. Certainly, one of things that we really have is our own brand, Discover, where we're the leader in Cashback Bonus. That will continue to be our primary strategy. I think that over the last few years, we have gotten an increasing interest in demand from groups who are not currently satisfied with their current providers, whoever that might be. And I think we have now stuck our toe in the water with Ducks Unlimited. We're going to focus on doing a great job with them. And I wouldn't look to have anything overall. We're not -- this is not a change in our strategy in any way, but rather a natural extension. And like most of our -- like our other efforts, we will have controlled -- test and control and grow things as appropriate based on what we learn. So there's no target to sign a whole bunch of new affinity groups over the next quarter or anything like that.
David W. Nelms: Yes, I think one of the statistics we've given is what percentage of balances are at a promotional rate. And it may be slightly higher this quarter at right around 16% or so but has pretty much remained about in the range that we talked about at Investor Day. And I think certainly, the fact that we've had low attrition and low charge-off rates is contributing to our yield remaining higher than one otherwise might have expected.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say we were very pleased with the third-party growth. And that business has been profitable for us for quite some time. We don't separately break it out, but it is certainly a contributor towards our Payment segment, and we are very interested in continuing to grow it. And I think that certainly, we've got some significant relationships in there, but we're continuing to diversify out as well with some additional relationships that are also contributing to the growth.
David W. Nelms: We have no intention of becoming a subprime player. We are a prime card issuer. We are -- we do continuously fine-tune our credit models and strategies. And the thing that we most look for are people that will have prime performance and that we can be profitable with. And sometimes FICO, I would say first on FICO, we have been relatively stable. So you haven't seen a big change on us. But I think sometimes, people overuse the FICO definition. We turn down a whole lot of people that are over 660 who may have other characteristics that we don't think will lend to the credit performance that the FICO score loan might indicate. And then there was a small subset of people who have less than a 660 but have other characteristics that we think can be attractive from a credit performance. So we are continuously fine-tuning our models.
R. Mark Graf: The only other thing I would type onto that one is, because I know it's important to all of you, I get asked regularly how we look at return hurdles when it comes to M&A transactions, and obviously, we do hold them up to a higher standard because of the risk embedded in any M&A-type transaction. So I'd just add that to David's comments.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, on the net interest margin side of the equation, I would still say, over the longer term, the right way to think about a normalized margin for us is in that 8.5% to 9% range. I think we've proven that we are not adept at forecasting the compression and the current yields in that higher-rate bucket that we have out there at this point in time. So as that is taking longer, I think it will take longer to reach that normalized range. That having been said, as we move into next year, Craig, I do expect we'll start migrating down toward the high end of that range.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, Ryan, I mean, I think it's plausible that, that could happen. I think, as I've said several times, one of the challenges we have, obviously, is we're in a tail environment having just come through what we've come through. And so everybody's models are a little bit less predictive than they otherwise might be. So I would suggest that it feels like we must be approaching a bottom somewhere in here. Could it possibly improve? It could. Could it possibly flatten out? It could. Our operation of math on the delinquency side of the equation would lead a logical person to kind of the conclusion you're making. But that notwithstanding, we do see some absolute limits to how low these things can go. So we tend to think about being somewhere near the bottom in the improvement. We still think we'll return to growth at some point in time over, let's say, now the next 9 months in the reserve. That growth being driven though not by a turn in the credit environment, that growth being driven simply by loan growth. So provision for growth being the key issue there. So I still think it's likely we -- when we hit a bottom, we don't bounce off in a V. I think it's more likely bouncing along the bottom for a while.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say with respect to restrictions, I'd point you back to my commentary about using probably a little bit more than half over the course of this year of that authorization. And you should assume that our capital plan submission to the Fed allows us to act in a manner compliant with that guidance. So that would be the general thought process I'd have you think about there. The other thing I would say in response to managing accretion going forward, I think yes, the right way to think about this very much is that I think we returned a little bit north of 90% roughly in terms of total payout this quarter, which I think is pretty high. Clearly, the goal at this point in time while we're in this period of, obviously, very strong earnings, at the very least, mitigate further accretion on that capital line. So I think you should expect to see us act in that basis if not begin to draw down a little bit.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think the right way to think about it, Moshe, is that it's going to be not meaningful either in terms of detracting or contributing to the overall profitability of the company in the near term. So think about it as a breakeven kind of operation is the right way to look about -- is the right way to think about it.
R. Mark Graf: I would say the marketing expenses, yes, probably the right way to think about it is somewhat in line with the seasonality that you would have seen in the prior years. And in terms of -- maybe a little bit higher. But in terms of the operating leverage, I would say right now, continue to see that being essentially flattish over the course of the year is the right way to think about it as some of the investments we've made over the course of the last year begin to ramp up. And I think we've made meaningful progress against what were some pretty significant negative operating leverage over the course of the last year.
R. Mark Graf: No, I think you're thinking about it the right way. The goal is to clean out the warehouse about every 15 days or so, give or take. The platform originated $3 billion of volume in 2011. So that's kind of the run rate that's coming onto the books, if you will, if you want to think about it, or somewhere in that general neck of the woods. And obviously, cleaning out that warehouse on a 15-day basis does not result in us having any significant capital side up in that business at any point in time. And the $30 billion is aspirational.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I mean, I think it's kind of hard, obviously, to get you the right answer there because the data that you've got available to you is all historical backward-looking data, but our reserves are set on a prospective basis based on what we see happening. And again, a big part of that reserves is reserves not for charge-offs; a big part of that reserve is reserve for growth that we expect to see coming onto the books here over the course of the near-term as well. So there's a number of different moving pieces there. So what I would say is that, again, we don't expect the increase in reserves that we expect to see over that 12-month forward period coming as much from losses. We don't expect to see it coming from losses. We really expect to see more of it coming from growth in the book.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would think about the growth being in line really with the model we shared at Investor Day for each of the various and sundry different asset classes.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. I would say the comment really reflects the fact that we've had a significant portion of our portfolio that has been in the deferral phase, where the student has still been in school or immediately out of school, where they have not yet begun repayment. So obviously, during that period of time, they can't by definition be delinquent. So what happens is you have a larger portion of your book begin to creep into that repayment phase is when you start to see the delinquencies begin to materialize. And I think the right way to think about it is we continue to believe this business operates kind of right at or above sort of, give or take, a 1% loss rate annualized going forward, is the right way to think about it. And the delinquencies would be commensurate with that type of a loss rate. So -- but we can give you some more color going forward on exactly how we kind of expect that trajectory to blend out.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I guess I would say at this point in time, we tend to think about our direct-to-consumer deposits as one of our core funding channels, and it's one that brings us the added benefit of a customer attached to it as well. So having good-quality sticky funding relationships, sticky customer relationships associated with that is a real core strength. And that's really what we're focusing our action and activity in that market right now. We obviously grew the business as a pretty significant ratepayer. I would say we've gotten very disciplined in that at this point in time and still are looking to be a leader in that regard, and are very focused on that, but some of the other funding channels have of late been a little too enticing to ignore, shall we say, as well. Going forward, I would say you should expect to see us stay very competitive in the rates business. And I would expect to see that -- expect that we're monitoring all of those competitive actions you alluded to very, very carefully and feel very confident in our ability to respond to them should and if it become necessary.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think that 95 basis point kind of range is really the right way to think about it. In the current competitive environment, we feel strongly that reinvesting in that program and -- is a critical component of our business strategy, and that's how I think about it. I would tell you on a net available interchange basis, we're kind of flattish. So we think that, that's -- that, that rewards rate is paying off for us, shall we say. So that's what I would guide you to there.
