R. Mark Graf: Yeah, on the fourth quarter number, Don, I would say the card reserve rate was 2.68% this quarter, I believe. And over the last five quarters to six quarters it's been pretty consistently in that 2.6% to 2.7% range. So I would say, you know, it's consistent. The provision really on a full-year basis is consistent with the loan growth on a full-year basis which is kind of, I think, what we've been saying people should be expecting. So, no, we don't see any change at all in the dynamics of the portfolio. Our guidance for next year reflects what I called, I think, a slight increase in charge-offs. We still expect that to remain clearly in the low 2%s range. I think, we learned our lesson last year trying to give provision guidance and we're shying away from that this year and just sticking with charge-offs.
R. Mark Graf: I would say the big driver, Don, is the double rewards program on new accounts and that's driving a very low CPA, cost per account acquired right now. And the customers who are coming on with the new accounts are driving very engaged type behaviors, that we expect to materialize in loan growth as we move forward throughout 2016. So, I think, it's a pretty potent investment right now is the bottom line, based on what we see; but I would echo David's comment, it's something that we look at from time to time and could change. As always if we update our outlook and our guidance, you'll know about it.
R. Mark Graf: So cards are the biggest driver. They tend to peak at about 24 months after origination. So if you think about it, you have three years of vintages under the peak of the seasoning curve, if you will. A year ago is 12 months in; two years ago is at the peak; and three years ago is coming down the peak, pretty much equivalent to where a year ago was more or less. The issue is if we are successful in increasing our loan growth, you will pick that up, right? Because if you have successively larger vintages, the maturation of those vintages will drive provision. It's growth math and, candidly, I think, it's a good problem to have.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, and as we look forward, I think the answer is we view marketing and rewards as interconnected investment. So you may see some geography flips year-on-year between those two, depending upon how we're looking to drive new account acquisition as well as utilization going forward. But I would not expect marketing expense to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, and Cheryl, on the tradeoff between marketing spend and rewards spend, they are in one regard, one and the same, right? So you are trying to build awareness, build utilization, you can do that by staying front of mind in the television and elsewhere. You can also do it by providing a rewards product that, on an everyday basis, engages that customer in ways that incents them to utilize the card as well. So they are both – kind of have a common purpose of driving utilization spend and ultimate loan growth on the card. The one thing I would follow on to David's earlier remarks with is loan growth from new accounts, from prime new accounts emerges down the road a little bit, right? So you originate the account. The account comes on the books. You begin to see the spend behavior come on to the card, but unless you're balance transferring a big balance over, right, it takes time for that utilization to build those balances up. So we continue to feel good about the ultimate impact of the new accounts we're putting on. We believe we'll begin to see through 2016 that manifest itself in loan growth, but there is a tad of a lag there.
R. Mark Graf: Sure. As we mentioned, we were really pleased that we had record originations in both student loans and personal loans last year. We expect to do even more in both of those areas this coming year. One of the reasons that we moved to a total loans estimate is because those two businesses have become a bigger part of our total, and certainly the fact that we expect faster growth from those two businesses than card helps drive our overall loans up. And I guess the final thing I would say is that we're quite focused on some of the digital capabilities, enhancing our target marketing, we are doing more broad market in personal loans, and I mentioned a couple of the new endorsements or marketing features we have with NBC and others in student loans, which I think are helping to increase the awareness that Discover isn't just credit cards; it's also student loans.
R. Mark Graf: I would say no. I would not assume that as a level for 2016. The number we've been calling out for BSA/AML compliance we specifically identified as a project, right? This is a look back on transactions over a period of time historically. And it's got a finite end date and a finite process it runs. So that definitely bleeds off as we go into 2016, and the cost of that is included in the expense guidance that we gave earlier. So we are considering the lingering effects of that as we look at the remainder of this year. What I would say is there are obviously ongoing costs associated with the BSA/AML program enhancements. Those we have largely been covering with either run rate operating efficiencies that we have found to-date and we'll look to find ways to offset those expenses as we move forward, but they are fractions, very small fractions of the total number we're talking about around the project.
R. Mark Graf: Well, so the allowance will respond to what we actually see as trends in the portfolio. Based on what we see now though, we continue to believe provision increases will be largely driven by and in line with loan portfolio growth.
R. Mark Graf: It would depend on the size of the new vintage, right? If you had a meteoric increase in the size of a vintage, that could impact it, but generally speaking, I think that's a reasonable proxy for looking at the stability of the credit environment.
R. Mark Graf: So what we're specifically calling out with that number is the reserve rate for cards that we disclosed in our financial supplement. So it's just bounced around. I'm looking back, December of 2014, it was 2.63%; 2.79% in March of 2015; 2.62% in June; 2.62% in September; 2.68% now. So it's pretty consistently in that 2.6%, 2.7% range. I would tell you based on the seasoning of the growth we've put on the books over the course of the last couple years as well as the challenge that David has put in front of the team to accelerate loan growth as we go into this year as well, I would not expect the provisions to decrease. By the same token, I would very clearly state so that I'm not misunderstood, don't expect some giant increase in that card reserve rates right now, based on what we currently see in our models. That obviously changes, but if you think about it, Mark, the next six months are pretty well known, right? So we're reserving for 12 months out. The next six months we can pretty well see in the role buckets. It's really that period of 6 months to 12 months out where you've got a little bit of uncertainty, where your models get impacted to a degree by the macro variables and your assessment of the health and the strength of the economy and what that's going to do to a borrower. So there's always a little bit of uncertainty in this. It is a forecast, so by definition, it's wrong. You try and be as right as you can. We're thumping along the bottom of the credit cycle. We have been for a while. So there will be a little bit of volatility here. But, what I always just try to remind everybody is this is a $1.8 billion balance sheet item. So, a little bit of volatility drives some moves in EPS.
R. Mark Graf: So we are working off of an operative assumption of one or two rate increases this year as opposed to the four we were looking at in the forward curve toward the very end of last year. I would say we have not yet seen the benefit really of repricing in the card book fully from the Fed rate increase because we don't reprice card customers until cycle date. So you will get some lift from that coming in. So I think what we're trying to say in NIM is there's an upward bias in NIM. We're well positioned right now. We may choose to invest some of that increase in NIM in marketing dollars, some promotional dollars and other places to really drive the growth that I think is the key thing we understand the market wants to see from us. So we may take some of that excess and reinvest it. Absent doing that, you would have more NIM expansion than you're likely to actually see.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think, Henry, some of the one-time expenses or some of the revenue reductions you see in the fee line actually are accretive to the P&L, right? So, for example, we called out $74 million in lost revenue next year from the mortgage business. I'd remind everybody when we exited the mortgage business, we said the reason we were doing it or one of the reasons we were doing it is it was not P&L accretive, right. So I think that's a very good point there. If I think about the expense base generally right now, I think we are very lean. We are very efficient today, as evidenced by that efficiency ratio. We are always looking to find further efficiencies to get operating synergies and drive even greater returns on that. As I said earlier, we do have some levers we can pull, if we get there, but I think those are the kind of levers you pull when you are in a turn in the credit cycle and you see things. Right now, we're still trying to drive growth, right. And I don't think you drive growth by kind of coming in and trying to whack the heck out of expenses, especially when you are already as efficient on that as we are. So we're trying to balance prudent investments in growth, maybe investing some of this additional NIM, to drive that going forward.
R. Mark Graf: And a little bit of EMV cost. So I think as you continue to push the cards out, there's costs associated with that. On the flip side of the equation, I think the fraud was actually up a little bit, as you have the fraudsters trying to getting that one last hit before while swiping is still very prevalent. So I think there's a combination of both sides of the same coin that you're seeing show up in that line item.
R. Mark Graf: I'll tackle the reserving question and David can tackle the strategic element of the question. I would say, Bob, what's driving it really is seasoning of the portfolio, right. I mean, I think you've seen double-digit growth rates there over the course of a number of years. Personal loans don't season radically differently than credit card loans do. There's a little bit of a change in the shape of the curve and it's not exactly the same, but they tend to season after origination. You don't get a lot of first payment defaults when you do it prudently, thankfully. So I would say it's just seasoning. Don't expect any major deterioration of any kind in that portfolio and the seasoning we are seeing is in line with expectations.
R. Mark Graf: And, Bob, it is helpful to look at the organic book versus the acquired book, because the acquired we bought a number of years ago is essentially in run-off.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think, we've given guidance based on what we expect. Certainly that can always be a little higher or a little lower than guidance depending on – because there's a lot of promotional decisions that we make along the way, and so it could vary from that, but what I would say is that it's less about competition and more about us doing tests and controls and deciding what to spend in rewards versus the marketing line and what has the best net present values for new accounts and stimulating the portfolio and that means that has led to higher spend over time in this line.
David W. Nelms: So on the first point, Sanjay, what I would say is, look, we clearly have expense levers. You make decisions from time to time on whether or not you want to pull those levers, right? We knew that the look back project for the AML/BSA was going to be big dollars. We knew it was one-time nonrecurring and cutting muscle that drives the business forward didn't make a lot of sense, right in that regard. That being said, we covered an awful lot of ongoing expense increases in regulatory and compliance world with operating efficiency gains this year. I think you should look to see us do the same next year. Candidly, I think, we kind of landed right on top, more or less, of our OpEx guidance for the full year for this past year, came in I think, $15 million over, something like that, but on a $3.6 billion line item, kind of feel like we did a decent job. That notwithstanding, I think at the end of the day, there clearly are levers we can pull when it makes sense to pull them. With respect to what is a slight increase in charge-offs? I kind of reiterate what I said to Don, maybe expand on it a little bit. It's going to stay clearly in the low 2% range, Sanjay. We do not see any signs of a turn in the credit environment. We are operating with many years of growth, seasoning in the portfolio right now, and as we've said, new account season at loss rates higher than legacy portfolio. So there's a bit of an impact there, but the credit environment itself continues to feel very benign and we're not trying to signal some giant inflection point in charge-offs.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think that on loan growth we have established a new long-term target of 4% to 6% of total loans, and we said that we were actually committed to being in that range next year, which implies some acceleration. Given that we're below that range today, I would not be looking for us to exceed it. I think, we're going to work really hard to get into the range this coming year and we think 4% to 6% would be gaining market share in prime credit cards and across our other businesses. So we think it would be a very good outcome, without taking excessive credit risk. Charge-offs, you noticed that we have a long-term target and it's very disconnected with where we are, and what Mark said is slight increase. So clearly we expect to be significantly below that long-term range during this coming year.
David W. Nelms: I would say macro factors. And I think that we feel like we've been in an unusually benign time period from a credit perspective. On the flip side, it's been a very lack of loan growth time for the industry, coming off of a shrinking period, but on charge-offs, it's been unusually benign, and so we're expecting over a longer period of time for things to normalize.
David W. Nelms: Well, to handle the first one, I mean, competition is up both overall and in rewards, and I think that's particularly true in the rewards segment. But what I said before about as we have increased our rewards, it hasn't been just because we are seeing rewards of competitors. It's because we've tested into programs that we think will produce better results. And certainly, one of the reasons that we didn't grow marketing as much in the fourth quarter is because we chose to invest more on the rewards side, particularly promotional rewards for the new accounts, as Mark mentioned, versus cost per new account. We also have been achieving some nice savings in cost per account. So the money has gone a little bit further. And, Mark, I will let you answer the second.
David W. Nelms: No. I would say the Miles card – of those two new products, the Miles card would probably have the greater impact. You see us advertising that on TV. Secured card, I view as a good feeder for the future. And I think as those customers in subsequent years, as we hope a number of them will exhibit good behavior, we'll be able to eventually drop the requirement of the security, get to more normal credit lines. And so I think 2017, 2018 is when you'd start to see some of the maturing of those secured cards in the prime portfolio, and that's our real objective.
David W. Nelms: Well, first, I think it's important to keep in mind the reasons growth decelerated, which a number of people that were focused particularly in the prime segment didn't see growth, saw less than we did. But one driver was the slower U.S. retail sales growth, in addition to the impact of falling gas prices, we talked about that. We also mentioned some of the actions we took to optimize the profitability of some promotional programs, so that cost us some growth. But looking forward, we do have significant urgency in accelerating growth. That's why we've committed to that 4% to 6% total growth range for next year. And that should come both from the new account side, as well as the existing portfolio, and there's a whole range of activities that we have focused on getting more new accounts, activating them more, leveraging balance transfer, the Miles card, gaining wallet share on the portfolio side as we continue to roll out features like Freeze it. So we have a lot of range of actions because, frankly, the economy and the prime market isn't very robust. So what we have to do is continue to gain market share as we've done for several years by differentiating our products.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, if you look at our Payment segment, obviously, PULSE has been a challenge with (37:32) and some specific volume losses, but the other parts of payments, we have actually seen some nice gains, and particularly from Ariba, which has been an important new partner. We continue to be working closely with PayPal, and I still remain optimistic that in the long term, that is going to produce some volume. We continue to make some good progress with new partners around the world. We signed the three largest banks in Brazil and with a network there, network-to-network partners. We have seen very nice growth out of our partners in China and in India on Diners Club. So we are casting a very wide net to grow our third-party payments volume, and that's why we have still stuck to our 10% long-term growth target, even though we have been shrinking now, and so we're focused on turning that volume growth around to something positive.
David W. Nelms: Okay. I think I won't comment on card acquisitions this quarter. We'll wait until the next call to answer that, but on the first two questions, loan growth from the new accounts, we've been driving – our double cashback bonus has been driving lower cost per account and a very attractive mix of cardholders. And those customers have been – we're seeing more spend, and maybe a little less balance transfer. And what that means is those new accounts we've put on – those in the last two quarters are going to continue to build their balances into next year. And so that's one of the things we're continuing to focus on is efforts that ultimately result in balance growth, and we're really pleased with the newer accounts, but it's not as instant as the balance transfer. Now, balance transfer, I think is still an opportunity. We pulled back a bit on balance transfer because we found some areas that we thought were not profitable, didn't meet our hurdles, but we are now pursuing some opportunities that we think will be more productive and more profitable. So, I think, we can probably do a little more balance transfer as well this year than we did last year.
David W. Nelms: Well, I actually think we've been much more consistent than certain other competitors who I think went from not doing any to doing a bunch and saw a runoff and then saw big increases. We've actually been pretty steady. So I would say that we'll continue to appropriately increase lines, but I wouldn't call that out as any dramatic change for us.
David W. Nelms: Well, it is if you're careful in how you do it. And so we are giving lines where we can. We are finding some opportunities. Certainly the further we come into stable credit lines and the more stability many consumers have, the better their FICO scores are, the more history they have, it gives us greater confidence in being able to extend somewhat bigger lines. So I think both initial lines for new accounts, as well as line increases done to the right segments can be very profitable and can be done without driving up charge-offs.
David W. Nelms: Well, and this has been in test for a while. So we have experience with some accounts and we got to the point where we had enough experience that we felt that we could make it an official launch. And I would say we're certainly seeing in the marketplace right now people that are in the – lesser credits are seeing significant growth, and the prime market is really not growing hardly at all. And so we're not willing to sacrifice our credit to go into subprime, but what this product allows us to do is to get people that might currently be considered subprime to get our product and for us to be protected from losses because we have the security deposit and to work with those customers to graduate them into prime loans when they're ready. And so it is our way of new to credit or blemished credit in a way that protects our losses. And so I guess the final thing I'd say is we did a lot of market research looking at competitive products, and we don't see anything in the marketplace that is like this. Most other cards are stripped down cards. They don't have rewards. They don't have benefits. They service the cards offshore. This is a real Discover it card with everything that comes with it. And the only thing unique is it's fully secured, and so when the credit improves, they continue that product, but it becomes unsecured.
David W. Nelms: Well, it's probably a component, because new to credit is part of it, and we are seeing a few more people that aren't establishing credit early on. And so they may need to start out with a secured card just because they just didn't get any credit, didn't get a credit history. So this helps address that need. A lot of what's happening, though, is the big bounce back, in my opinion, in the subprime market because I think that declined far more a few years ago than the prime did even. And there were very few competitors in it, and now the very few people who are in subprime still, including the private labels that tend to have high yields and lower credits, are seeing a big bounce back. But it's a smaller segment than the prime segment. I think the more important thing for us is to gain share in prime, but what we want to do is identify the people that can become prime over time and get them started before they're all the way there to prime.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would just say that the mix between balance transfer and sales can impact payment rates along with credit. And so certainly credit is great and so that tends to relate to a bit higher payments rates than one would otherwise have. But as we have shifted to a little more transaction volume turning into loans versus a little less balance transfer on new accounts that is going to impact the payment rates. And so people will tend to pay more of their sales down than they will of their balance transfer down.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, I feel like we have really stabilized and positioned Diners to be able to grow from this point forward. And apart from FX rates, we saw some healthy growth, some of the best growth we've seen since we owned it. I think that Citi has largely exited the franchisees that they were going to exit. We've gotten franchisees into new hands, some very strong bank partners in China, India, and Japan, and we've dramatically increased acceptance across the world. So Diners is a pretty small total volume but the trajectory, I think, looks much better now. And certainly, selling Italy, I think positions us much better from a P&L perspective. And the final thing I would add, since Italy came up in the last question as well, I think we exited Italy. We took the hard decisions on the mortgage business to really position ourselves for the future. And so I feel like we had some one-times last year. I think they were relatively small, the total $3.5 billion spend, compared to some other companies, but we prefer to have even fewer and I think we've positioned ourselves, knock on wood, to have fewer going forward, especially as we get through this look-back. So I gave you two answers for the price of one question.
David W. Nelms: Remember on EMV, the rollout for the industry is still in-process. There's a lot of retailers that haven't put it in, activated it yet.
David W. Nelms: Sure. We continue to purely offer that through cross-sell. We achieved the targets that we set internally for the product last year just with the cross-sell, and it is my hope that by year-end we will finally be able to make it available more broadly, but we continue to enhance the operations, the functionality, the controls around AML/BSA and fraud, and we have continued to learn a lot. And I think that one of the reasons we've taken longer to launch this one than others is because it is a very important and more complicated product than typical products out there. So we want to wait to go abroad until we are all buttoned down.
David W. Nelms: And what I would say on the strategic side is we had record originations this year in that business, even with literally hundreds of marketplace competitors entering and vying for share. And I think that part of the reason is that the people that we're targeting tend to be very different than the credits that most of those are targeting. Our average FICO score is 750, 760. The figures I've seen from the leading companies in the marketplace space is sub-700 average. And when every 20 points of FICO means a doubling of credit losses that is a very big difference in target market. And so we think that we're still the leader in prime originations in the space. In terms of whether there will be a shake out, I'm sure there will be a shake out. I'm sure some people will survive, but I don't think that there will be hundreds of competitors. And it is an unproven model through the cycle. And I believe that our model of originating and holding versus just an originate and sale that relies solely on growth, and if you stop originating you don't have revenue, I believe that a relationship, owning the credits, being able to finance it on our balance sheet and not having to rely on securitization markets that we have seen can completely dry up in a crisis I think is a more sustainable model. And so I really like our position in that business.
David W. Nelms: Well, answering your third question, I guess, first, we think that Ariba is going to continue to produce a lot of volume growth in the short term. It will be a while before it becomes a material contributor profitability-wise. We also think there may be some ancillary services that may provide some revenues that having that product we're working on adding some additional functionality that may produce some revenue potential. On student loans, I'm not sure I fully understood your question on the student loans.
David W. Nelms: No, I expect to originate more this year than we did last year. But I don't expect a dramatic acceleration, but I do think that the credit trends look great, the needs continue from customers, and I expect us to originate a bit more.
