Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Eric, and thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I want to begin by reviewing the highlights and key metrics for the year, and then John will take you through the details of our fourth quarter results and our perspectives on 2023. I'm very pleased to say that 2022 was the second strongest year for earnings in our company's history. We reported net income of $1 billion or $3.77 per share for the fourth quarter and $4.4 billion or $15.50 per share for the full year. This was accomplished against a fluid and unusual macroeconomic and monetary policy backdrop and I want to thank the entire Discover team for their solid execution. This performance gives us significant momentum going into 2023 and beyond. I want to give a few highlights that underscore these strong results. First, we grew new accounts by 23% and loan receivables by 20%. This demonstrates the appeal of our consumer value proposition and advancements in our consumer targeting and acquisition capabilities while maintaining our conservative approach to underwriting and credit management. We're also prudently investing for growth, including an acquisition and brand marketing, the continuing build-out of our data and analytic capabilities and increasing field personnel for both servicing and collections, all while achieving a 39% efficiency ratio. The combination of revenue expansion and disciplined cost management contributed to our 31% return on equity this past year and underscores the highly capital-generative nature of our business model. Over the course of 2022, we repurchased $2.4 billion in common stock and increased our dividend by over 20%, and we expect to sustain attractive levels of capital return to our shareholders into the future. As we look into 2023, we expect a less favorable macroeconomic backdrop. Nevertheless, we intend to maintain an appropriate level of investment in our organization. For example, we have several initiatives that will improve our digital marketing capabilities, and we anticipate the broad market launch for mass market cash-back debit product. And of course, we'll continue to invest in our brand and in account acquisition in a manner consistent with the environment. We're very aware of the climate in which we are operating. And should there be changes in economic conditions, we will adjust. Our model with its focus on prime lending and through-the-cycle underwriting has historically supported resilient returns through the economic cycle. These factors, combined with our earnings power, reserves and capital, underpin our strategy of being the leading consumer digital bank. I'll now turn the call over to John to review our results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Good question, Sanjay. I think you've seen us operate this business through multiple cycles and the disciplined approach we take both in good times as well as in bad. And frequently, the accounts that you put on during a challenging economic time, perform extraordinarily well, and you can see very good cost per account as competitors pull back. So, we have been pretty clear at that starting in the back half of last year, we started tightening credit standards, and you can expect us to continue to look at that and adjust according to economic conditions, both for new accounts as well as the portfolio. Nevertheless, we're seeing great returns on the marketing investments we're putting out there. And so, that's what gives us the confidence to keep investing in growth.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Thanks Bob. It remains, I would say, intensely competitive. But as you've seen from the growth and especially the performance in new accounts, our value proposition is competing well. And again, I want to give credit to some of the advancements on the analytics that let us sort of personalize the marketing messages across different channels. I guess where competition has lightened a bit is in the personal loan space. I think there are a lot of non-bank funded folks there who may have some challenges on the other side of the balance sheet. And obviously, one big player who had been active is pulling out. On the deposit side, I would see there, I think you're starting to see the gap between the direct banks, the branch banks really get wide enough that you're seeing flows to the direct system, right? It's now at 3.3% for a savings rate. It's now a lot more worth your money. So again, really excited about how our products are competing across every segment. And so that's part of why we're optimistic going into 2023.
Roger Hochschild: You're highlighting probably the big launch for next year, which will be the re-launch of cash-back debit and we hope to be doing some mass-market advertising of that. Beyond that, I really believe we have the right product set. We're seeing great demand, for example, on the home equity side, given how rates have moved and the lack of cash-out refi. So I think part of how we keep our costs as low as they are, is a very simple, lean operating model. So I wouldn't expect anything other than the re-launch of the cash-back debit and we'll put a lot of weight behind that.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. And maybe just to clarify, the lowest income segments which are a pretty small portion of our base are the ones that get additional pressure from inflation, right? By and large, a prime book can adjust. They trade down, they readjust their pattern. So I think John was referring to incremental stress there. But there's no reason to believe that the vast majority of our portfolio will be driven by the traditional drivers of losses, which is charge-offs -- I'm sorry, which is unemployment.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I'll start. January is off to a very strong start. So, we're seeing about a 13% year-over-year growth in sales, and again, reflects the new accounts we put on last year, but also, again, for those who aren't employed a robust environment. We have been seeing increases in the day-to-day category commensurate with inflation and so more spending shifting there. And a lot of what you heard from retailers in terms of softness around home improvement, and hard goods, but a lot of that was just, I think, some of the challenging comparisons to really robust levels from before. So, overall, I'd say, stable, but we're certainly encouraged by what we're seeing so far in January.
John Greene: Yes. Great. Yes. Thanks for the question, Moshe. So the range is some unlocked, right? 3.5% to 3.9% for '23. And -- we certainly have a great deal of visibility through the first six months of the year through a roll rate methodology. Post six months, so in the second half of the year, we use our analytical models which anticipate a number of different possible outcomes but used as historical data that's been tested significantly to make a projection of what we expect to happen. So as we get through the first quarter, we'll be able to see what's happening with our roll rates in terms of is it a roll to one bucket and the roll to two bucket, consistent with our expectations on the base case on the reserve. Beyond that, we'll certainly look at the macro environment and what's happening with unemployment levels and the overall job market. That will give us some perspective. And then an important component of this, and I know there was some questions in terms of the step-up from where we ended '22 to where we're projecting '23. We have fairly significant vintages that are going through the normal seasoning process right now. So for example, our end-of-period card portfolio, so last year 12/31 to this year 12/31 increased by $15.7 billion. And if you think about kind of a maturity cycle of a credit card, typically within the first year to two years, you hit peak losses. So that is some of what we're expecting here, and therefore, the guidance that we've provided. We do expect that in a stable macroeconomic environment, in the second half of the year, we should see this slope of the curve begin to bend down a little bit with perhaps top losses coming through in '24 and then returning down. So overall, what we're seeing here is just a strong portfolio, very significant vintages that came through in '21 and '22 that are seasoning at levels that were -- that are completely within our expectation of total return thresholds. And then, we'll see the overall portfolio normalized. So hopefully, that provides some clarity on both the trajectory as well as what we're seeing in the portfolio.
John Greene: Yes, great question. And they're connected, so happy to cover them in the same set. So CECL reflects life of loan losses as we all know, right? And so, what drives that is the portfolio performance and the -- our view of the macroeconomic environment today and going forward. And we haven't had any substantial changes to the macroeconomic environment. And essentially, the portfolio is performing within our expected ranges of outcomes. So, as we look at the fourth quarter receivable balances in the aggregate, and the portfolio performance, a stable macro, we felt most appropriate reserve levels would be fairly consistent with what we did in the third quarter. And essentially, without taking you through a ton of detail that the teams spend weeks and weeks working through, that's essentially how we arrived at the answer.
John Greene: Yes. So in terms of the impact of the vintages, I explicitly called out the card vintage in 2022, so the $15.7 billion to give the folks that are listening here, a place to anchor on in terms of thinking about the vintage and then you can run out peak losses for our portfolio in terms of what typically happens after a significant vintage and in a stable macro. So that should help you at least in terms of the thinking in terms of the vintage. As we think about this year, we gave that range of 3.5% to 3.9% on the loan base -- on the average loan base. So you should think about the ultimate kind of range here. It will depend first on the macro. Second, we'll continue to give updates in each of the quarters in terms of what we're seeing. But ultimately, we expect this vintage will mature in 2024. And then, we should see in a stable macro, the curve not only slope pending, but actually inverting slightly.
John Greene: Yes. So in our kind of primary case here, we assumed a 100 basis points increase in unemployment. Now that that was specific to our charge-off forecast. In terms of kind of reserve levels, we actually used a composite of multiple scenarios. The more heavily weighted scenario reflected a loss rate of 4.5% and then going up all the way to 6%. So, I'm feeling actually like we're down the middle here in terms of appropriateness in terms of overall reserve levels and more specificity in terms of sensitivity. I don't think that would be a service given if we're seeing unemployment kind of creep up in that sort of matter or that sort of quantum that would indicate that the macro environment has changed, and we have to change our view on that, which could change our perspectives on life of loan losses.
John Greene: Yes. Yes. So I'm going to run through the primary drivers. So first would be the Fed rate changes in the second half of '22 as well as what we've anticipated either two or three increases in 2023. Second impact is the yield on our investments, which is improving with the increase in the rate environment. And then, the third piece has been some pricing actions we took in the consumer banking products. So, think about the non-card products. So offsetting that would be kind of the cost of funding. So DTC and external funding costs have increased. And then we're also anticipating an impact from credit, all of which the net of those gives us a high level of confidence that certainly, we're going to see peak NIM in the first quarter and then stepping down from there through 2023.
John Greene: Yes. So you were right on your call here. We gave a range for 2023 of 3.5% to 3.9%. I talked about the curve and what we think will happen to the curve and the slope of that. So, Mark, as a matter of prudence, I think that's probably as far as I'm going to go here.
John Greene: Yes. So typically, we'll see it around 18 months. And it varies based on credit quality. So, the highest credit quality. So, I think FICO would typically peak a little later. And then the weaker, I'll say, the weaker credits typically peak a little bit earlier. But on average, I think, about 18 months or so.
John Greene: Yes. So -- the first part of that answer would be it would depend on the vintage. So if you go back to our 2020 vintage and remember, there's COVID, right, we were locked down. We ceased underwriting kind of the near prime and lower prime and concentrated on upper prime that vintage will season at a peak loss level below what Discover historically has done. If you look at '21, '22, we were essentially back to an underwriting standard consistent with history. And you can use that information to get some level of comfort around what can be expected in '24 on this vintage.
John Greene: It is. Yes. Yes. The one difference that I think is important for folks to codify in their minds is that we're coming off an abnormally low base, right? So the entire portfolio is normalizing. We've talked about that consistently actually, since the beginning of last year that we thought the portfolio was normalizing. And what you're seeing here in the 2023 guidance is essentially the portfolio normalizing.
John Greene: Yes. Although what we're seeing in personal loans is, again, loss rates below historical norms. Payment rate is beginning to normalize. And we had talked about the fact that we perhaps overcorrected on that product in terms of underwriting, in terms of the pullback. We pulled back significantly. So I expect some seasoning and normalization there. But again, we're very, very confident about the loss performance of that product. We understand where it is on the payment priorities for folks. So we're going to be mindful of the economy on that. And student loans, yes, that's normalizing. We did have and likely we'll have a little bit of impact when we see the full impact of the student debtors on the government programs having to pay back loans, but it's underwritten to a high standard. 80-plus percent have cosigners. So, we feel very comfortable about that product as well.
John Greene: Yes. So good question, Rick. So we've referenced CECL day one in the past, but I'd like to remind folks, day one was first time we rolled this new standard out. We were using new models. They've been tested extensively. And the macros were late cycle with higher unemployment levels. So as we look at kind of where we are today or as of the fourth quarter, right, 6.58 in terms of total loss reserve rate. That seems appropriate based on kind of what we're seeing in the macros and how the portfolio is performing. So, do we specifically reference day one only from the standpoint of where it was back on January 1, 2020, to where it is today, but we don't use that as a decision point whatsoever.
John Greene: Yes. No, no, they're not lower. We're looking at the portfolio performance. It's performed extraordinarily well. We're seeing a bit of seasoning now, as you would expect in this type of product. And the macros are contemplating a minimum level of increase in unemployment of at least 0.5% and more likely 1%. So what you're seeing here is a CECL reserve for the quarter that reflects those macros.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, John. Actually, no surprises in the portfolio performance whatsoever, and I want to reiterate that. And that's essentially why the reserve rate is flat, right? So, they are connected. So what that says is that charge-off guidance was essentially contemplated in the reserving of life of loan losses. So, we feel very good about that and there is consistency. I did talk about in my prepared remarks that the lowest end of the credit spectrum that we have in our portfolio. So some near-prime and some folks without FICO scores or those who fell below 660 are certainly feeling the impact from inflation. But internally, we completely anticipated that we had run some analysis on inflation shocks and what it would do to some of the card members, and it's performing essentially where we thought it would come out. So I'm actually quite pleased about that. The other important thing that I want to make sure that the audience here is I think what 2022 did for us is it increased the earnings power of the firm. And there's a lot of focus from these questions on kind of the charge-off and peak good assets consistent with what we've done historically. So loans increased $18 billion. So, there's going to be some seasoning, but overall, the earnings power of the firm has increased as a result of great execution by our teams.
John Greene: Yes. So, there's -- I appreciate the question. A lot of assumptions in there, but as you laid out, I would expect the overall reserve rates to be relatively close to kind of where they are today.
John Greene: Yes. I mean we don't typically forecast the delinquency rates. You would -- what I suggest you do is take a look at the trust data and the relative difference between the trust data historically and where the total company is coming out, that will give some insights. And then also, the trends in delinquencies typically are pretty consistent, right? You can go point to point to point. And then I've given some views in terms of where we see the slope starting to flatten and then perhaps spend. So, I'd use that information in order to -- if you're interested in calculating overall delinquency rates for firm.
John Greene: Yes, there obviously, a relationship there, certainly. Although remember, you should have -- you should take into account the kind of the vintage impact and what I'll say normal seasoning, right? So, there's $18 billion of incremental loans. Some of those are just going to perform extremely well and a small percentage will season, out as we typically see. So, I would consider that in the analysis, but nothing at it. There should be no substantial break.
John Greene: Yes. Yes. Well, there's a couple of different components, right? There is -- there's a bankruptcy bucket. There's a non-bankruptcy bucket that just flows through the buckets. And then there's also the recovery element. So if you put those three together, sometimes the bankruptcy bucket is it will pop in a particular quarter, depending on flow of work in the court system and the non-bankruptcy just flows quarter-over-quarter. So, I would certainly look at this quarter, prior quarter and what comes out in the first quarter, and that will be the insights you're looking for.
John Greene: Yes. Thank you. It's the latter. It is normalization and seasoning, which we contemplated fully in both our kind of origination strategy, our reserving strategy and obviously in the guidance we're providing.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks, Mihir. So -- we've been asked that question over the years many, many times. And what I typically refer people back to is, if you take a look at the details of the kind of the charge-off history, you can go back through 2008. And see kind of quarter-over-quarter what's happening on the charge-off front, you can discern kind of normalized charge-off rate from that and then make adjustments for economic periods or kind of vintage-based seasoning.
John Greene: Yes. So the high end does not weight the 6% entirely. It actually could reflect a scenario with unemployment is actually higher than the 6%, but it would depend on the depth of it and kind of what industry. So, there's multiple scenarios in there. So, the guidance I provided in terms of 4.5% or over 6% is intended to kind of get the kind of the meat of the scenarios that were contemplated and weighted.
John Greene: Yes, great question. And you know what, I'm going to hit kind of give an overview on expenses and now I'll specifically talk about kind of marketing and our thinking there. So, we said overall expenses would increase some less than 10%. So, what that contemplates is a double-digit increase in marketing and single digits for the non-marketing spend. And what that reflects is, we continue to see opportunities to acquire profitable new accounts that are consistent with what we do. So that -- in that prime revolver category. We also are intending to spend some money on the launch of the debit checking product. So that will include dollars for new accounts as well as advertising to bring awareness to the product. And then, it's important to also kind of have a view on the marketing in that this is our guidance. If we see the macroeconomic environment change or we don't see ample opportunity to spend this money wisely then we will make calls in terms of the level of spend, and it could be less than what's -- what we've guided to. But overall, we're very, very pleased with kind of our targeting and the effectiveness of the marketing and gave us confidence to continue to increase that.
John Greene: Yes. I'm going to stick at the top level of the guidance we provided. And then, we give details by product in the supplement. I would use that information and impute kind of the charge-off rate there. But again, product has been performing very, very well, loss rates significantly below kind of what's happening out in the industry. And it's a kind of a -- it's a prime customer set. So that should give a view of kind of at least a way to think about expectations for that product.
