David W. Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'll start my remarks on Slide 3 of our new earnings presentation. Before the market opened, we reported quarterly diluted earnings per share of $1.33, up 10% over the prior year, driven primarily by loan growth and share repurchases. During the quarter, we generated a return on equity of 27% and returned approximately $310 million of capital to common shareholders through repurchases and dividends. These positive results, our capital position and our outlook, led our board to approve a 43% increase in our dividend to common shareholders last week. Mark will provide you with more details about our financial performance for the first quarter, but I'd like to draw your attention to Discover's year-over-year revenue growth of 10%. This shows how the Discover business model is working, especially since the financial industry as a whole currently is an environment that poses challenges for achieving revenue growth. So we will continue with investments to drive topline growth. Slide 4 of the earnings presentation illustrates some of the drivers behind our revenue growth. We achieved 7% organic receivables growth, driven by a 5% increase in card receivables and a combined 10% increase in private, student and personal loans. Car sales volume for the quarter was up 4%. We did continue to focus on prime revolver sales, and we believe these results underscore the effectiveness of that strategy. On the Payment side, the year-over-year total volume growth slowed down to 2% as PULSE's growth rate decelerated from 11% for the fourth quarter to 4% year-over-year for the first quarter. This deceleration in growth was something we discussed in prior calls and was mainly due to the impact of merchant routing and competitor actions, as well as our focus on profitable business rather than just volume growth. While the environment remains dynamic, we are pursuing a number of strategies that we expect will enable us to compete for a larger share of debit transactions and continue to grow this business going forward. Looking beyond debit, during the quarter, we signed our first net-to-net partnership in Africa, and we are making strong progress as we continue to prepare for Paypal's staged offline rollout this year. At Diners, volumes were impacted by the continued weakness in Europe and strengthening of the dollar versus other currencies like the yen. Last month, our management team presented Discover's strategic priorities and key initiatives at our annual Financial Community Briefing in New York. We discussed our profitable growth, the credit environment, our successful expansion beyond credit cards and our commitment to effective capital management. We also shared exciting new opportunities, including the nationwide rollout of Discover it, which so far is driving strong response rates and an enhanced engagement from new accounts. Discover it was not the only new product we launched this quarter. We also launched Cashback Checking. While these new initiatives are in early days, I'm very excited about how they will shape the future of Discover. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark, and he will walk through the details of our first quarter results.
David W. Nelms: Well, certainly, we've had a great track record over the last 5 years or so of gaining share. It hasn't all been even. We've gone through some periods of gaining significant share and some much less. And if you look at the -- what's going on, there's not a big change in the Discover side. It's primarily debit, where PULSE has been gaining very significant share. And as we had suggested in prior quarters, some of the trends that we're seeing were concerning, some of the new rules and approaches coming out of some of our competitors, as well as some routing changes post-Durbin. And I still do expect in the long term to be in a share gain position. And I'm particularly excited by some of the new net-to-net partnerships, Paypal and others, as well as the actions that we're taking within PULSE to confront some of the competitive challenges. As Mark suggested, we are in an investment mode pursuing some of these great new opportunities, which I think will pay huge dividends over the long term, but I'm not expecting to have big share gains. We obviously didn't have it this quarter, and I wouldn't expect it probably in the next 1 or 2 quarters. But we'd look forward to returning to gaining share again as soon as we can.
David W. Nelms: Sure. First, our marketing was certainly higher in the cards this -- first quarter this year than it was 1 year ago. And I think if you look around, you've seen probably plenty of billboards, TV spots and so on; I think we've really gotten the word out, and we've done it in a cost-effective way. I think during the first quarter with the launch of Discover it, we probably went a bit heavier on some of those broad market approaches because in the test markets, they worked very well. But I'd say we're also now following up with a bit heavier mail. And I would expect to see our direct mail volumes be a bit higher for Discover it in the second quarter versus the first as we continue to make consumers broadly aware of this great product and grow our business. In terms of where our growth is coming from, I'd say it's quite balanced. There's still a good amount of our growth that comes from current customers and gaining market share, retaining them, not writing them off, and so that's a big part of it. I'd say Discover it is attracting a slightly different usage pattern, a little bit less balance transfer, a little bit more retail sales, higher activation, and if anything, skewing a bit better in terms of the credit expectations. So that will take quite some time given the size of our book to work its way in. But I guess, overall, our growth has been quite balanced, and we're going to continue to ramp up our marketing on Discover it.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think that total bankruptcy filings in the country has been trending down a bit, which is different than what a number of forecasters externally had been predicting just a few months ago. And within that, our share of Discover customers who have -- who are part of those bankruptcy filings has also remained quite modest. And so it's part of the credit favorability that we've talked about earlier on the call.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, I mean, we're up modestly from last year. We were around 16% last year. We're around 18% now, and I expect it to be pretty stable from this point forward. And I'd say from a -- we obviously do it because our net present value say that it's the right thing to do. That we look at all the different factors, how many stay with us, the credit aspects and so on. From a credit perspective, generally speaking, if you offer customers a lower rate, you get better credit. So a higher percent, and the fact that we're in the prime business, means that we use it more than someone who's not fully in the prime business. So I'd say, generally speaking, what you're seeing with us is consistent with our previous guidance, is probably elevated today versus what it might be in a different cost of funds environment, because that obviously goes into the -- all the models and is being done to maximize returns and is indicative of a prime, faster-growing issuer, which we are. I guess, the final set [ph] point I would make is that if you look at our total yield, it's strong. And so I think that -- that is maybe the best indication that we're balancing it all and achieving both growth and profitability.
David W. Nelms: Well, I can't give you numbers, but I can tell you directionally, Discover it, we're seeing higher retail engagement, a bit lower balance transfer activity than we had before. So we're -- than history had, so I think that the trends have been favorable.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that I'm not prepared to give specific numbers. We're adding acquirers and therefore, the merchants that those acquirers go to continuously here. We're in a very active stage. I'm very pleased with the number. We've press released a good number, and we're going to -- we're expecting to continue to add additional acquirers to the equation. I think that what we have committed to do is to work as hard as we can to turn on our merchant acquirers and our entire merchant base to Paypal. But that doesn't happen with a flip of the switch. We've done this a couple of times before. I mean, Paypal has got some unique characteristics, but we've turned on the JCV and China UnionPay and BCcard and -- we've been working. There's no one in the industry that's turned on more new networks and merchant base and acquire base than Discover has, and I think that's one reason Paypal chose us. So we're going to be ramping up quickly. But I purposely used the word "staged" because it doesn't all happen in 1 day. And I think for us, the volume will build gradually and I wouldn't really think about a big volume benefit this year. In terms of your other part of the question, I'm simply not aware of any real issues. I mean, if you look at Paypal itself having 100 million customers and merchants in the U.S. and around the world, I'm not aware of issues that you talk about in terms of merchant of record.
David W. Nelms: Yes, I'd say April is holding steady with the second half of the quarter. January was the strongest month on a year-over-year growth rate of the quarter, and then it just seemed like things slowed down a bit. I mean, continuing to see growth, year-over-year growth, but just not as robust as January, and it seems like that has continued so far into April.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would think about higher amounts in the second half of the year. So just as you saw us being -- I wouldn't necessarily expect it to be quite the magnitude of this past fourth quarter, but we tend to be heavier during the season -- the seasonal part of the year, and so I think higher in the second half than the first half.
David W. Nelms: Sure, well, I'm not prepared to talk in detail; it would be a longer conversation. But certainly, one of the things Diane pointed out is that we traditionally were a PIN debit network, and PIN was about 1/3 of the market order of magnitude. And you saw us announce, in the previous quarter, Cadence Bank, which was a signature issuer, so we're clearly starting to add some signature issuers. We're also -- have taken close notice to what some of our competitors are doing and we're putting in appropriate responses to really try to provide options across our network for the full range of debit types, including as you mentioned, signature, not just PIN. And we're actively working with acquirers, banks, making technological changes to pursue everything that we possibly can to get back into the share gain that we have had for many years.
David W. Nelms: No, problem. We've said before that it is profitable, but it's not -- it's a pretty small part of our profitability. And like other loan origination businesses, we're certainly benefiting from the current significant refinance volumes. And we do expect those to slow over time. So we saw a slight slowing in this quarter, maybe not as much as some others have so far, but we're taking a lot of steps to get stronger in the initial purchase part of the market to enhance our cost structure and ability to remain profitable through other parts of the lending cycle.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, just one follow-on to your earlier question. One thing that helps us is that in the network business, a lot of it is fixed cost and fixed infrastructure that we are leveraging. And so that's one of the reasons that getting additional volume on it over time is helpful and why you're not seeing much more massive investments despite some of these big opportunities that we have. Paypal has been great to work with. One of the things about them is that they are -- they're a payments company, and we deal with a lot of partners. But they are -- they're a strong technology company and they've been in payments for quite some period of time. And I think our teams have really enjoyed working with them. I think one of the things that has been great is the fact that they have really recognized that we are experts at point-of-sale and we're experts at offline network, having built it over the last 27 years. And we recognize that they are very nimble, and they have some attributes that together, I think, is helping us to really do some great things for consumers and merchants. And so I think they're one of our most important and great partners to work with.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that we are seeing better efficiencies both on the direct-mail side and the non-direct mail side, all the others on this. And I think it starts with having just a great product. And we believe that Discover it is second to none in terms of consumer value, proposition, the rewards, the service, the fees, the services that it provides. And you see that in some of our marketing, where we're doing much more than we have in the past, direct comparative charts, they kind of point out the fact that we think it's the best in the market. And we're seeing customers respond to that and prospects respond to that. So I am very happy that I'm not in a position of having to make excuses. I'm in the position of working really hard to deliver results.
David W. Nelms: Well, kind of as I told Betsy, I'm not prepared to give any specifics. But I would just repeat that directionally, whether it's credit or usage or spend, we're seeing better performance with Discover it than we did with the previous More card. And I'm not so sure that it's as much getting a different customer base than it is getting more usage from these new prime customers. So we're really excited about it.
David W. Nelms: No. I mean -- I mean, you can't say there's not any, because certainly some of the people who consolidate their debt may have some Discover debt. But what I'd say is that there's not a change because we've been at this for now a number of years. And that we've been growing it for a number of years, so I'd say it's pretty steady state and the vast majority of the balances do come from external balances that consumers are consolidating to us, getting generally a lower APR, fixed repayment term, paying their debt down over time to deleverage. And that's what the product is designed to do, and it's working well.
David W. Nelms: Yes, well, I would say it's still our intent to expand in the home equity later this year. However, we are still -- there were a lot of new rules that have just come out that were focused on home loans, but had some bearing on home equity as well. So we're continuing to go through there, look at the risk reward. And there's been no change in plans, but we haven't actually launched anything yet, so we are continuing to evaluate. In terms of jumbos, that's also something we could certainly consider long term, but I'd certainly would not expect anything on that this year. I'd say our big focus in Home Loans is on the business that we've got, the conforming Fannie, Freddie, FHA, how do we best serve customers and grow that business, maintain or improve profitability. And that's our biggest single focus.
David W. Nelms: And the one thing I would add is that, that's -- what Mark said is absolutely true on the acquisition side. There's also a substantially substantial part of the marketing dollars that are targeted to our current customers as we offer Cashback bonus programs, we have activation, balance transfer programs. So that would go across primarily our credit card base.
David W. Nelms: Well, we -- this was the first quarter that we were marketing entirely with our own brand, and I think you saw some pretty good originations doing that. So I would say, I'd let the results speak for themselves. We feel good about having maintained our volume with the Discover brand only.
David W. Nelms: No, I think if you talk to folks in San Francisco or Miami or Atlanta, they're going to also say they've seen a lot more of us. It has not been focused on any particular part of the country; it's been very much a national launch. I think what's different is that we've been using much more -- number one, we have a great message to tell. So I think whatever ads you do get noticed a little more when you're seeing something new and different. And when we've got specific news on billboards, just talking about late fee forgiveness or other things, they get noticed more. But secondly, I think that lends itself to more of the nontraditional media, some of the top line media like TV. And our marketing's been moving towards the Internet for years, and so Discover it works well there. But I would, in no way, think that we've blitzed New England or something on that; it was very spread.
David W. Nelms: I really don't have a comment on that. Certainly, Student Loans is one of the important areas that the CFPB is looking at, and we would be fully cooperative. And I haven't seen anything that would guide me one way or another on what it will mean down the road.
David W. Nelms: Well, our large fourth quarter promotions actually ran through December. And I guess, the fact that our sales continued to be very strong in January after we were into the first quarter promotions would suggest to me that the change is more macro than it was with our programs.
David W. Nelms: Well, first, thank you for being a loyal customer since 1995. And I would say that our primary focus has been on originating new -- new to Discover customers. We certainly make it easy for anyone who wants to switch to do so. But frankly, our More customers, like you, have been really happy. I mean we've just won the Brand Keys Award for customer loyalty for the 17th year in a row for our industry. And so our current customers are quite happy generally. And I think we see our bigger opportunity to attract some of the other consumers who may not have experienced the service and rewards that Discover offers to the product -- to the company and that's where focusing our marketing efforts on Discover it.
David W. Nelms: Well, absolutely we've had improvement in usage activation, balances from long-time customers, from lots of different activation efforts, as well as from their experience with us. As an example, customers, when you came on in 2000 -- a number of years back, at that time, we didn't have the broad acceptance we have now. So you probably increased your usage just because of acceptance. Our rewards; we've added the 5% program and many other things. We've chosen to keep all of our customer service in-house, onshore, unlike other competitors. So we've had lots of activation efforts. Over time, if we see a way to stimulate more usage from current customers by cross-selling 'it' or what have you, we will do that. But right now, 'it' is really focused primarily on new customers. And the current customers would probably be a potential incremental opportunity down the road, but we're pretty busy with new customers right now on that part. We've got a lot of other efforts for our current customers.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Well, that was purely our decision. There was no external prompting whatsoever. But we obviously did it because we felt that it would be good for our business going forward. That -- I don't know whether competitors will match that or not, but we certainly think it makes our product even more attractive to students and parents. And with pretty low delinquency rates, anyway, with the way we underwrite, it wasn't that -- it's just not that big of a -- it wasn't a big revenue producer anyway. So we felt like it was a good business decision for us to do it, so we're excited about it going forward.
David W. Nelms: Well, what I would say -- I'd never think about things as gaming, I think about things as customers taking advantage of great things we have to offer. And we are constantly evaluating how much usage, how many enrollments, what it does to behavior within the category we're stimulating, what it does to behavior after the category, what it does both during the time of promotion and after the time of promotion. And so I would just say, generally, we've been incredibly happy with the 5% program that we pioneered and have offered and enhanced over the years. And we're going to continue -- I mean, it is a promotional programs so we change it every quarter and every year, and every -- and we're constantly evaluating how to make it more effective and even better and easier for customers. And it's -- a lot of it is not about the rate. It's also how easy is it to redeem, how can you redeem with various partners. What categories is it in -- during what type of the year. We've got customer service people that actually work with our customers to help them maximize the benefit. And so, it's kind of an all-encompassing program that we'll continue to refine and enhance.
David W. Nelms: I mean, one of the unique things in the fourth quarter, we usually do a program by category, and we had 2 huge categories. I mean, we had stuff you buy in the Internet and stuff you buy in department stores for 5% during the holiday season. And so that was probably, by far, the richest program we had offered. I think more normally, we would offer 1 category, not 2 at a time. But we were in a big push in the fourth quarter and we've got even more take-up than we originally expected from it.
David W. Nelms: Well, my assessment is that it is kind of in line with what I'm seeing retailers generally report. So I think our spend is kind of market environment. And then -- so if you go from that, okay, is it taxes, sequester? I mean, I don't have any additional data to say it's -- what exactly is causing consumers to spend a little less. It's not huge moderation, but it definitely seemed to be a little bit lower, as I said before, later in the quarter versus earlier. And you've seen a bit of consumer confidence drop off and certainly there have been a number of negatives from a consumer perspective. But how much is the news about Cyprus impacting how consumers feel versus the taxes is a little hard to parse out. Even lower gas prices is a good thing for consumers, but actually causes a bit of a downtick in spending.
David W. Nelms: Well, I'm not going to be able to give you specifics. And frankly, there's lots of segments, there's new customers, current customers, there's different durations, different rates. And we're looking at every cell to understand whether it's adding value or not and then we're making adjustments. And so we feel good about the efforts. But one thing to recognize, Ken, is that while the majority of the 18% is balance transfers, as you think about them, there's a nontrivial part that's actually retail promotional rates, and we do add those 2 together; when we give you the 18%, it's really total promotions of BT plus retail promotions. But there's a significant financial discipline around planning the administration and the analysis. And frankly, it also is changing over time. We see consumer behavior change a bit depending on what's going on in the environment, the interest rate, the competitive environment. So even if I could give you something for a given cell at the current time, we may find in 6 months that we're seeing a bit different behavior.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think there's not a lot one can do for something that's already out there. But I think when we observe behavior and measure it, it feeds directly into all of our new offers. So every month and every week, we are determining who to offer what to, and so it affects the incoming volumes and terms based on the learnings of the people that went before them. And we do an awful lot of testing, too. We'll do testing control and some of the things we try work, and some of the things we try don't work. And it's -- the reason we offer promotional rates is to get people to try our product and then use our product on an ongoing basis. And if we're getting trial, but no usage, that's not what we want to do. We want long-term loyal customers.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, there's a lot in there, Ryan. I'll try and touch on it all and if I miss anything, feel free to hit me with your follow-up. But I guess what I would say is, that credit continues to surprise to the positive. And I guess that's a great thing, at the end of the day. It validates the underwriting we've done and the strength of the book. I would say, I would not take this quarter's run rate on a release or anything even approximating it and say that's what the -- kind of the future is going to look like, and you should extrapolate that out. I guess, what I'd say specifically is, at this point in time, it's really too early to call if next quarter is going to represent a release or a build. I think it's a continually evolving situation where in 50 years of the existence of a credit card as a product, the models are all built off that history and we've never seen an environment like this. So I think everybody in the industry is, to some degree, figuring this out as we go. We feel good about the positioning, and we feel good about where we are. In terms of the trajectory right now, I'd say next quarter could go either way.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I mean, I don't think at this point in time I'm going to give guidance on exactly where we expect to end up. I guess what I'd say, Ryan, is we -- we're generating great returns on that excess capital. And we don't -- so we don't feel like we're being irresponsible in that regard. And we bought back 6% of our outstanding shares last year and popped our dividend 43% last week. So I think we're trying to navigate a healthy balance between deploying that capital into the business to drive compounding of value and profitable growth over the long haul, as well as making sure we don't just start building some giant capital hoard. I guess, what I would say is that it is a 2-year authorization and I wouldn't expect we would, over the rolling 4 quarters from where we sit right now, I wouldn't expect we'd approach utilizing that $2.4 million (sic) [$2.4 billion].
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say that we don't, Sanjay, definitively know that it will go up, is the key point. I think what we've seen is, we've compared the same thing you all have, and that is, we've looked at in the CCAR where there's total transparency, we've looked at what the BHCs themselves submitted as their expected losses and hits to pre-provision net revenue. And we've seen the stress cases that the Fed came back with. And I think some of our customers have talked about -- or some of our competitors rather, have talked about that disconnect. I think we clearly see a pretty significant disconnect there. We're just being -- trying to be responsible and say, "Hey, look, as we're looking at this, we feel compelled to tell the market, this may impact us, too." So I think we're just trying to level set that. In terms of what the impact may be, I know this isn't the answer you want to hear, but it's the God's honest truth, and that is, we won't know until we go through the CCAR process ourselves, because they don't disclose how this is being done and it changes every year. But I think the key point to take away is, in my prepared remarks, one of the things I was very cautious to say is, we don't envision any of this impacting our current planned capital actions. So I'd say, it's a bit of an academic point at some level because getting back -- getting down to that target capital ratio, as we discussed with you before, was going to be a multi-year process anyway. And it isn't going to impact us near term; we just felt compelled to put it out there.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I guess what I can say is, from the standpoint of the deposits, I'd encourage you to just go out and hit our website. Our posted rates are out there. And you can get a good sense and a good approximation on the deposit side of the equation where we're replacing those roles today. With respect to the ABS market, I'd point you to our most recent print in terms of how we're looking at life, where we're doing a multi-tranched approach. We're managing the balance sheet holistically, not incrementally. So the asset liability position is -- takes into account a number of different factors obviously. And we're tranching out some of this with longer-dated, fixed-rate ABS. We're also keeping it somewhat relatively shorter-dated. So I know that's not a direct, specific answer to the question. But if you need some further follow-up, we'll be happy to help you on that as well.
R. Mark Graf: It's been very strong. What I was going to say, Betsy, is that I think David covered the first half of the equation, which is really the NPVs and the come ons and everything else. But the second piece of the puzzle is to start watching these vintages very early and things you bring on promotionally, and you look to see if you're getting the behaviors out of those accounts that you like to see. For example, if you see an account that comes on and balance transfer, in the first 6 weeks, they never pull out their new card, we probably know that wasn't successful, and we need to start really trying to engage that customer pretty meaningfully. The flip side of the equation, if that card gets pulled out of the wallet 16x in the first 6 weeks, we're feeling a lot better about it, right? So you have to watch not only the cost of acquisition and what the ultimate profitability of those current balances are, but you also have to watch that customer, the behavior of that customer going forward. And I would tell you, we're very happy with the results from our promos and their activity as well.
R. Mark Graf: Bill, I guess, I'd lean into my earlier comment and say we're not really prepared to provide a lot of guidance on that front today. But the one thing I would say in response to your question -- your specific question, is that last year's 2nd quarter included a catch-up from our having been out on the market in the first quarter last year. So I would say spiking was more related to that. In terms of the year ahead, I just point you again to my earlier comment that it's a 2-year, $2.4 billion repurchase authorization and I wouldn't expect us to approach that $2.4 billion in the next 12 months.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think -- absolutely. Yes, I think you raised a very good point. It will be a little bit lumpy, Bill, is the most likely outcome. I think $3.1 billion on the full year is the right way to think about it. When David spoke earlier about our marketing expenses, he alluded to the fact that we pulled back on some planned direct mail for the quarter and few other things because the response rates we were seeing on the other channels for 'it' were so strong. So basically what we did is we've taken some dollars that we still fully intend to spend, and we pulled them out of the first quarter shock and awe campaign and we're spreading it out a little bit more to be maybe not a first quarter shock and awe, but an early part of the year mini-shock and awe, would be the right way to think about some of that. With respect to other initiatives, I would say there aren't any that are going to be particularly lumpy through the year, other than that marketing line item.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say with respect to Paypal, we definitely, as David mentioned earlier, are responsible for the acquisition side of that equation. And so we are actively engaged in that and there are dollars being spent in that effort. So what I would say is, yes, in the Payments line item, there are dollars being spent on Paypal at this point in time. But I would say it's not just Paypal. There are a number of different initiatives that we have talked about. I think -- and a number that we have not spoken about, if you will, that are underway in the payments space right now that are driving some of that. So I would say it's a more broad-based approach to building out that business that's driving that expense line than it is Paypal driving that expense line.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would -- I'd say for the full year, we still expect the rewards rate to be about 1%. There is definitely going to be some lumpiness in that trajectory based on the timing of our 5% Cashback programs and the way we are going to run these programs over the year ahead. So what I would say is, quarter-on-quarter, there's going to be some variability. I think, for the full year, though, what you should be looking for is the 1% rate is the target we're after.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think -- we'll let you get away with it this time. I would think about it as 1 day out of 90 days as roughly the impact.
R. Mark Graf: And, Moshe, I would just kind of add to that, I guess the growth is not coming from issuing bigger credit lines. Just to be abundantly clear, we continue to be real conservative in our credit granting activities and we tend to start customers out with a smaller line than most of our competitors would, to be honest.
R. Mark Graf: I'm not prepared to call that yet, Mark, but I would say it's a possibility. I think the trajectory of your credit from here and the interest charge-off impact on that will have some degree of bearing there. Funding costs are rolling on a little bit better than we expected the funding costs were going to be rolling on at, quite honestly. So let's just say, it is a possibility.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say growth there right now is tracking in line with our expectations. I think it's a business that's managing prudently for profitability with moderate growth as opposed to managing with a key emphasis on growth as the key to success in that business over the long haul. And that's indeed what we're doing. I would say, with respect to credit costs and performance, I would say it's a little bit better than last year, and also, probably a tad bit better than our target as well.
R. Mark Graf: Bob, I would say, yes, most of the originations are now indeed coming on the Discover it product. And I would say the lion's share of the marketing dollars that are going out the door are going specifically to support the Discover it product. So I think the answer to both those questions is, yes. There are some dollars being spent around some of the other products as well. But I would tell you, they're not the drivers of the Marketing Expense line item, and they're not going to be the drivers of getting to that $3.1 billion total OpEx for the full year.
R. Mark Graf: I would say the answer to that question is both ends. I would say it has improved since fourth quarter earnings and it has continued to improve post Investor Day.
R. Mark Graf: Well, it's a good question, and certainly, we have seen significantly lower delinquency rates and default rates. And as you say, the frequency of both of those has come down a lot. I would say that we have continued to try to refine our models to identify other people that would have prime-type behavior and would have low frequency of default. And so to the extent that we can identify such enhancements in our models, we will put them in place. One of the things that Mark said in his in his -- in the text is that we have seen probably more of an improvement off of the base. And this may be partly because of the maturity of the base, the fact that we've held onto the customers and the fact that the people that at the margin were riskier, may have already been written off during the difficult times a few years back. And what we're left with is people that have extremely low default probabilities. That doesn't fully translate into new accounts because I don't think we've seen quite the same reduction in that for new accounts. And therefore, I think we have remained fairly cautious on trying to expand. We're going to be careful not to expand too much for new customers based on the behaviors that we've set -- that we've seen with customers that had been with us for 5, 10, 15 years.
R. Mark Graf: And Chris, I would say, look, from -- to the very hard and specific point of your question, yes, there is a group of customers who do, who will tend to game this process. All the spend, if you will, in the card in that quarter is in the 5% category of that quarter; it's a very small percentage of the overall base.
