David W. Nelms: Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Before the market opened this morning, we reported record quarterly earnings of $649 million or $1.18 per share. This was driven by continued improvements in credit and positive growth trends, led by the re-emergence of year-over-year growth in Discover Card receivables. All in, we generated an ROE of 33% this quarter, but even excluding the reserve release, our ROE would have been well above our 15% ROE target. I want to begin by commenting on 2 principal highlights of our results this quarter, the first of which is solid growth, both in Discover Card sales volume and receivables, and the second is credit performance. Discover Card sales volume reached an all-time high of $26.3 billion, beating our previous quarterly record by over $1 billion. This represented a 9% increase from last year, and the growth came from both new and existing customers. Importantly, we are seeing attrition rates that are the lowest we've seen in over 10 years in our card member base, coupled with an increase in average card member spending, which has contributed to the growth in card member sales. Sales momentum is also being driven through the effectiveness of our rewards programs and our increased brand presence, reflected in sponsorship deals such as the NHL, Six Flags and the Discover Orange Bowl, as well as our marketing initiatives with company like Amazon. We did see a brief slowdown in spending just prior to quarter end when Hurricane Irene hit the East Coast, but during the first 3 weeks of September, we have seen volume growth return to levels that were consistent with most of our third quarter. Year-over-year growth in Discover Card receivables resulted from strong sales volume, including spending growth from the revolver segment of our portfolio, as well as from increased balance transfers. Sequentially, Discover Card sales grew $1.4 billion this quarter and Card receivables grew by $1.2 billion, while balance transfer and cash advance volume was essentially flat. Given our continued emphasis on increasing wallet share, we're pleased that the population of our primary card users grew 8% over last year with sales growth from this group of 12%. Additionally, we've seen 12 consecutive months of year-over-year sales growth from our revolver segment of our base. We believe our efforts to increase merchant acceptance have also contributed to these positive volume trends as our card members are increasingly taking advantage of our growing coverage. Our number of net active merchants grew 7% versus last year. A second highlight this quarter is the continuing improvement in credit as our delinquency rate in card reached a 25-year low at 2.43%. And for the first time since 2007, our card net charge-off rate dropped below 4% to 3.85%. I'm really proud of our efforts in credit risk management, collections and marketing that have produced such strong results even while U.S. unemployment has remained above 9%. Moving on to our other lending products. I'm also very pleased with the performance of private student loans and personal loans, which together now represent $7 billion in receivables. Both continue to demonstrate very strong credit characteristics and strong organic growth. Turning to our Payment segment. Total volume this quarter was up 15% from the prior year, which is among the most robust growth rates of our network peers and was driven by strong transaction growth in our PULSE debit network. Since the Fed announced its final debit rules in June, we've been adjusting to the new environment and have been responding to a substantial number of RFPs for new business. Our well-established national PIN debit network has acceptance parity with competitors and provides competitive pricing and outstanding service. We are in active discussions with issuers about new PIN debit relationships to help participants comply with the final rules set by the Fed, and we're working hard to help position issuers to be ready for when the routing rules take effect in April of 2012. To wrap up, we are really pleased with our results this quarter, particularly with our strong sales volume growth, loan growth trends and our tremendous improvement in delinquency and charge-off rates. While there continues to be weakness in the U.S. economy, it's not getting in the way of our ability to deliver profitable growth and generate appropriate returns for shareholders while serving customers well. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark.
David W. Nelms: Well, I'm only commenting on attrition rates in total. But certainly, I would expect that if we had unusually high attrition rates or promo rates, that it would have impact that overall attrition rate. And as I say, we've -- we're at the best place that we've been on attrition as far as I can ever remember.
David W. Nelms: Well, sure. I would say it's difficult to tease out the precise impact because I think it all -- different synergies and how much of it was rewards engagement, how much of it was the service levels, how much of it was the increased acceptance. And one of the things is as our acceptance increases, it actually, we think, improves our sales of those same customers with places that we were already accepted. So it's very tough. One metric that we've been giving out over time was the one I mentioned in my remarks of a 7% increase in active merchants. And that's the best merchant -- best measure that we've come up with to show the improvement. I recognize it's difficult to say so how much of the 9% sales growth came from that. But we know it's having a positive impact.
David W. Nelms: Well, this is David. I think there was an erroneous piece of data out there for one, so I'd be a little careful. But I think that clearly marketing has impact -- has picked up quite a bit this year, some even during the year. But to a large degree, I feel like marketing intensity pricing has returned to what I think is likely to be a new normal. It was very depressed for several years. I'd think it's unlikely that marketing will go back to the levels we saw in the mid-2000s. For one reason, there's just fewer competitors. It's consolidated and some changes based on the CARD Act on who's profitable and who would not be going forward. But I'm really pleased that our cost to acquire customers is actually down this year over last year despite this higher level of marketing intensity that we're seeing. And I expect reasonable stability from this point on. You're going to have months to higher months, lower months, competitors coming in and out, but I think we're at the new normal.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that we have seen improvements both in response rates and in approval rates. And on the approval rate side, I think we're seeing more stability and predictability of people that will help on [ph] credit performance and can repay their card loans over time, so that's helping. And I also think that consumers are increasingly attracted to our rewards program and to our level of service.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think on student loans, we're actually through peak season at this period. I'd say it was slightly below what our expectation was, but I think we're still on track to deliver over $1 billion of net growth in that channel for the year. In terms of checking accounts, what I've said in the past is we do intend to launch a more -- a broad checking account likely in 2012. But actually it would likely be at the real tail end as we put in place a new robust system that can offer the much more enhanced features that we intend to launch -- have when we launch the product.
David W. Nelms: Well, clearly, more and more of our marketing and new customer originations is coming out of the Internet. But I'd say, even if you look by channel, if I just isolate direct mail, I would say our direct mail cost to acquire has fallen somewhat, and some of it, I think, is us continuing to fine-tune and enhance our targeting and offering.
David W. Nelms: I would say that we've got about 4,500 issuers on PULSE, and I think the smaller issuers are in a little bit different circumstance than the larger issuers in terms of some of their requirements. But I think it's probably too early to tell. I think, as you know, with the routing rules, clearly, the large issuers have to have 2 noncompeting networks on the card, and I think that we're probably going to see some of each, some people that simply add another network and some that replace a network.
David W. Nelms: Well, we think that about 2% of our year-over-year growth is related to the higher gas prices because gas is, order of magnitude, 10% of sales. So we're seeing probably remarkable stability in that year-over-year growth rate, in that sort of 8% to 9% range that we reported this quarter and the past few quarters. And as consumer confidence really took a nosedive, it's been surprising to me, frankly, how well our sales have held up. And so far, through today, I don't see anything that changes that dynamic.
David W. Nelms: I think we've been seeing the enhanced acceptance in our numbers for a long time. We've been talking about it for several years, and I don't know whether it's good news or bad news, but it's going to continue for a while. This is, I would say, a longer and more difficult journey than I had originally might have anticipated, but I think our hybrid model where we're outsourcing all the smaller merchants and retaining the larger merchants is the winning one for the industry and will get us to where we want we want over time. So I think it's going to continue to be a tailwind for us for the foreseeable future because it's not like it's going to be done next quarter.
David W. Nelms: The thing I might point back to is in Investor Day we talked about eventually we think the NIM will stabilize in that 8.5% to 9% kind of range...
David W. Nelms: For the overall, and we're still above that. And so I think that as we -- as the effect of having no replenishment of people who have defaulted, as that continues to amortize down, then I would expect us to eventually get into that kind of a range. But it's not -- the anniversary isn't really what drives it. It's really as you eventually get the stability from no longer repricing delinquent accounts.
David W. Nelms: Well, that's part of the reason that we're also that we're above that target. Lower funding costs, low charge-offs and the continued amortization of higher rate balances.
David W. Nelms: Although I would add, I think, it's probably the new normal level because, certainly, the higher usage per account drives people to earn more money by the fact that they're in higher tiers. We've enhanced our program over recent years. It's giving more value to consumers, and then the low attrition rate also drives less breakage and therefore has higher payouts. So it has certainly risen in recent years, but we think it's probably in the new normal level.
David W. Nelms: I think that certainly one of the reasons we have enhanced our program over recent years is because as the pioneer in this space, it's important for us to continue to be the best value for customers. So I certainly wouldn't dismiss it. But I'd say that a lot of the reason you're seeing competitors be in this space is that cash rewards is what consumers most want.
David W. Nelms: I would say that at this point, we would stand by our 2% to 4% kind of target. And I was really pleased that this quarter, we actually got into the low end of that target range.
David W. Nelms: I would say that we have not been able to observe much substitution, and I am sure at the margin, there must be some because people are spending more for gas. They've got less to spend elsewhere. And we've done some work, analytical work to try to ferret out substitution, and we just at least haven't been able to prove it out in our numbers.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that's a tough question to answer. I would say that it's certainly beyond "your point of card members coming back to life." I mean our sales this quarter were $1 billion more than our all-time quarterly record, so this is not just a return. This is growth beyond numbers that we've had ever in the past in terms of sales. In terms of our efforts versus the industry, clearly we are in a cyclical business, and particularly, the earnings have become more cyclical because of the accounting change that was made a few years ago on reserves and the reserves don't change your earnings over time. They just change the recognition of when those earnings hit. And so we're seeing to some degree that is in the numbers, but if you look below the numbers at the charge-offs and delinquencies, we know that there's a large amount of who we approved, how much lines we put in, all the payment plans we put in to try to keep customers current and not getting late fees, not falling behind. We also know that the whole industry is now also improving versus to where it was at the peak. So I can't give you a perfect breakout. I guess the one final thing I would say is that I'm pleased that we are still one of the leaders in credit and we were through the whole cycle. And so I think the difference between us and the industry average is indicative to some degree of our controllable and individual efforts versus the competition.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that our losses have remained a certain amount below industry average, both at the worst part of the cycle and then now in a better part of the credit card cycle. I would not go so far as to say the industry is less cyclical. Although, I mean, we were hit with such a perfect storm as an industry 2 or 3 years ago and with all the changes that have taken place, which would take me a long time to go through structurally, competitively, I would be really hard-pressed to see our losses or the industry losses to go as high as they were at the peak.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that we actually do as a network. Most of the larger -- well, many of the prepaid large issuers issue some of their cards on our network. We also participate as an issuer mainly from rewards fulfillment for our cash rewards program because that's one of the ways you can get your redemption for Cashback Bonus. More broadly than that, we could consider doing more, but the economics would have to be attractive enough to make sense. And so far, we're playing in it the way we think works for us.
R. Mark Graf: Sure. Sanjay, with respect to the funding tailwind, the biggest component of that's going to be in the brokered CD book. And I don't have specifics in front of me, but for rough details, there's somewhere around, call it, $3.5 billion roughly that matures in 2012, and the rate pickup on that, assuming the rate environment remains relatively constant, is somewhere north of 200 basis points.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, this is Mark. The other thing I would point out is that we target a great deal of our BT activity toward our existing portfolio customers, folks who are already chosen to do business with us. So it's not activity where we're actually trying to attract somebody new to the vein and get them to stick around after the fact. The other thing I would say is we're pretty disciplined around our BTs. We've got some very strong metrics around the returns, ultimately on our marketing spend, of which BT is we use one component. And I would tell you if we didn't see the kind of returns we were looking for out of that activity, we wouldn't be following the level of BT growth you're seeing out of us now.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, and I would -- this is Mark. I would just add on to that. I think this an area where the CARD Act is clearly our friend because now, unless somebody goes 60 days delinquent, you are stuck with the rates you offer them. You don't have the ability to keep modifying that go-to rate, if you will, on a regular basis. So we have not seen competitors offer some of the extremely low initial go-to rates that we have seen in the past.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. With respect to the default rate bucket, what I would say is we are continuing to see that bucket attrite but at a slower rate than we initially expected to see take place there. I'm reticent to call exactly how long we expect that bucket to stay around, because candidly, all of our estimates at this point in time have been too aggressive in terms of the attrition assumptions we're making. It's been much stickier than we assumed it would be. With respect to the promotional balances, I think right now if you take a look, the BTs themselves are roughly 12%, and total promotional balances are on the order of 15%.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say with respect to the trends we're seeing in the portfolio today, I would say snapshot 3 weeks or 4 weeks into the quarter here, all the major near-term indicators continue to be positive. We continue to see declines in delinquencies, we continue to see declines in charge-offs. But the rate of improvement in delinquencies is slowing. And if you couple that with the absolute low levels we're at right now plus the fact that we're growing receivables, it's really not too much of a stretch to say there's a trough out there somewhere, and we're probably closer to it than not. But ultimately at this point in time, I would say, again, everything continues to trend well. With respect to your second question, no, there's no catch-up related to that, if you will. It's all in P&I and Cs [ph] already.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, great question. The bottom line is GAAP is awfully prescriptive these days in terms of your reserving methodologies. So while from a contextual common sense standpoint, I'd love to have a target ratio and be able to manage to it, that, unfortunately, is not possible in today's construct. So all of our reserves are set consistent with GAAP. They're set on an incurred loss basis with a 12-month forward look at expected loss emergence. So as our viewpoint of those dynamics changes, so will our reserve coverage number change.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I don't have the breakdown in front of me. I'd say that the card yield one, I'd harken back to my earlier answer on the attrition of that default rate bucket being slower than we expected it would be. So clearly, that's a big component of it, but I don't have the breakdown there in front of me.
R. Mark Graf: The other thing to remember is that target was a range. And obviously the overall level of rates impacts where in that range we may fall.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I guess I would say that this recent tranche of student loans that we're picking up from Citi will be accounted for as PCI loans. So they'll be measured at fair value, which will obviously include their estimated credit losses to be incurred over the life of the loan. There won't be any additional allowance established because it's obviously already in the fair value mark that we'll be putting up on that. The portfolio itself is -- got an average FICO of somewhere in the order of 740. It's about 80% private student loans and about 20% private student loan consolidation loans, and there's a high percentage of cosigners out there on the book as well. So that would be the basics on the portfolio itself. With respect specifically to the $0.07 accretion calculation, I would say the key things to keep in mind there are that the portfolio will -- we expect that it will earn above our 15% target ROE over the life of the portfolio. The yield is expected to be on the order of, call it, 5% to 6%, and we really won't take on any additional operating expense because we don't need to add infrastructure or headcount on that.
R. Mark Graf: The answer to that is, it's possible. I would tell you that the nature of the metrics and the way they are performing today and the nature of the fact that models are really predictive when you're in the fat part of the curve and less so when you're in the -- way out in the tails of the curve. I would be hesitant to try and mathematically give you any estimates or guesstimates around that at this point in time, but I would say that, that is a possibility.
R. Mark Graf: I would say more or less that's a good way to be thinking about it. If you look at the way our rewards expense is calculated, there's a -- we've really at our current levels returned to a normalized level of rewards expense from depressed levels because there's a bit of a -- I don't want to create a misperception here where the magnitude -- the magnitude's clearly not the same, but there's a bit of natural hedge in our rewards expense line item in bad credit environments. Because if you go delinquent on your account, you forfeit your rewards balance. So in periods of time when credit's getting worse, our rewards expense will go down because people will be forfeiting rewards balances that are out there in their bank. So it's a bit of a natural hedge there, and what you've seen -- I think, we bottomed it like 75 or 76 basis points. What you've seen really now from us is really a return to our more normalized levels.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I'll do my best. There was a lot in that one. I'll do my best to tackle them all. I would say in terms of how we think about our longer-term guidance of that 8% TCE [ph] target, I'd say -- I'd guide you back to that and say longer term somewhere in that range is still where we intend to end up. Do we end up right exactly at 8.00%? No, I don't think so. I mean, my own personal perspective and I know David's too is riding right on the ragged edge to get a couple of itty bitty little clicks on the ROE just isn't worth the risk of riding right on the ragged edge of your guidance. So I think we'll probably end up a little bit above 8%, and I think the SIFI buffer and the Basel III process, these are still out there and that'll have a little bit of bearing into that level as well, but very modest we think. In terms of getting to that level, I guess, we look at things a couple of different ways. Ultimately, we kind of view our shareholders having entrusted their capital to us to grow the value of the enterprise, and right now, we're driving very strong ROEs on all the capital we're bringing along, and there's significant opportunity out there in the marketplace. So we don't want to rush to return all of that capital in one fell swoop too quickly. And I think we want to retain some so that we have the ability to take advantage of those opportunities. I would say the corollary to that though is that we do think good disciplined capital management involves a return of excess capital when appropriate to shareholders as well, both in the form of buybacks and in the form of dividends. So I would expect to see us maintain some of that excess capital for a period of time, but I would not expect to see us maintain all that excess capital for an extended period of time.
