Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Eric and thanks to our listeners for joining today’s call. I’m very pleased with our results this quarter. Against a fluid macroeconomic backdrop, we generate strong financial performance while continuing to advance our strategic priorities. Let’s start with a summary on Slide 3. For the third quarter, we reported net income of $1 billion after tax or $3.54 per share. Over the past three months, as Fed policy has become more restrictive, it has made fears of a recession more acute. Against this backdrop, the key narratives of the third quarter results are the strength of our balance sheet and the quality of our earnings. Our increase in revenues this year has been largely driven by our strong receivables growth with loans up 17% year-over-year. This growth was driven largely by elevated sales volume and the increased number of new accounts we’ve added since mid-2021. We continue to use a through-the-cycle approach to underwriting, which considers all stages of a credit cycle, including downturns. As part of our conservative credit management, we marginally tightened our new account underwriting criteria this quarter. Given these factors, we consider our growth to be consistent with current macroeconomic conditions. Naturally, discussion of – session of elicits concerns about credit quality, but the credit performance of our loan portfolio at this stage does not suggest anything other than gradual normalization. Nonetheless, a late-cycle environment requires a particular awareness of changing conditions and underscores the importance of our strong financial condition. We also continue to advance our strategic priorities. As a few examples, in August, we expanded our global presence with the signing of Woori Card of the largest issuers in South Korea. The extension of this relationship as well as the number of new network partnerships we’ve announced this year highlight our focus on expanding our international presence. We continue to demonstrate the value of our network and our growing relationships with fintech partners. As an example, we announced in October that we will facilitate payments for TYDEi’s new healthcare vendor management system, which will digitize and streamline payments in an industry where legacy purchasing is still primarily manual. Finally, this summer, we announced the opening of our new Advanced Analytics Resource Center at our downtown Chicago location. The first cohort of 75 individuals, which we selected from over 1,000 applicants has already started, and we intend to grow the program with an additional cohort in 2023. This follows the grand opening of our customer care center in the South Side neighborhood of Chatham earlier this year and underscores our commitment to bring additional jobs to Chicago while supporting great customer experiences. I’ll now turn the call over to John to review our results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So, I would start by saying, in general, it remains a very good environment. We’re seeing cost per account on the prime side below what we had last year. The value proposition is resonating well. For the new account space at the margin, we tightened some of those segments that will be most volatile in a downturn. So, I think the lower end of prime. And we’re ready to take further action on new accounts or the portfolio side. But again, I’d say overall, a very good environment, and that’s part of why you’re seeing such strong growth.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So it is hard Moshe to know what individual competitors are doing. I would say in general, most of them are much broader spectrum lenders than we are. And so my guess is we’d be seeing some stress at the lower ends of their books. For us, a rising rate environment creates a lot of focus on debt consolidation, which is the primary use of our personal loans. So, we’re maintaining a very disciplined credit criteria by seeing strong originations in that segment.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Sure. So a lot of the most intense competition on rewards is in the super prime segment, and we’ve talked over the last year or two, how we think some of the propositions issuers are putting out aren’t necessarily sustainable in the long run. As John mentioned, our rewards costs are moving up exactly as we forecast. We haven’t felt the need to make any structural changes to our program. So as you can see from the growth in the new accounts, our value proposition competes very well in that prime revolver segment. And so while the market is always competitive, we bring a differentiated value proposition that resonates well with consumers.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I would say more recent vintages are performing exactly in line with our expectations, right? I mean every vintage got distorted during the pandemic. So you saw it cut across the curves. But again, we feel very good about the performance.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. Great question. So our base probably does skew a little upwards, so more in the prime, but we’re seeing continued strength in sales in October. So, I’d say, year-over-year in the low teens. Some of the trends you’ve heard about were picking up. So consumer durables softening in terms of year-over-year. But again, our households, by and large, they have the liquidity to absorb inflation. It causes some pain, and we’ll switch categories, we’ll downgrade within a category. But I would say travel is coming off some of the very, very strong growth we saw over the summer. So a little less strength in travel and consumer durables are probably the key trend.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. So great question. So, I mean, in terms of late cycle, I think back pre-pandemic, we talked about it being late cycle for a couple of years, and then it ended in a way that I think no one expected. And so that’s part of why we tend to use a through-the-cycle loss rate and look to be disciplined in our credit management. So while I would be, it’s not a time probably to be widening credit. We’re seeing a lot of benefits from the investments in advanced analytics, in particular, around the personal loan product and on the card side, where the growth we’re achieving the growth while swapping in and swapping out different populations. And again, with a policy that I think is appropriate for late cycle. And it builds on some of the really strong new account production we had in 2021 and as those accounts mature. So again, we’ll continue to look at it, both in terms of our portfolio actions as well as new account originations across all of our products, but we feel good about the credit approach and just the traction our products are getting in the marketplace. And I’ll pass it to John for part two.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean all the vintages are performing well. As John said, I think we’re seeing the normalization occur faster and pretty close to fully normalized for the lower end of prime. While the payment rate has softened a bit and come down by about 70 basis points, it remains 400 basis points higher than 2019 levels. And so I think that speaks to the fact that there’s still very strong employment market out there, people can find jobs, can find extra hours. And so a good amount of liquidity that is supporting the deferred for our segment.
Roger Hochschild: Not necessarily. We’ve watched it closely. I mean I think we have experienced an elevated payment rate, which has a dampening impact on loan growth as students have put more of their payments towards their private student loans. But we don’t see anything that would have a significant impact on credit.
Roger Hochschild: No. So, I would say it’s pretty balanced in terms of cross-hold to the card base versus broad market. Probably the biggest change has been just the continued advancement in analytics and the underwriting approach there but very, very conservative. So a lot of employment verification, et cetera, heavily manual processes just to make sure we get it right because as opposed to the card business where you can manage credit as you go, you get one shot in personal loans. But again, I would say that the performance remains very, very strong there and it’s a lot of it thanks to that disciplined approach.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I’d start by saying we don’t necessarily optimize on protecting profitability on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We focus on sort of delivering long-term value to the shareholders. And I think as I’ve been in this business a while, people who just totally got marketing in a downturn, miss out on what usually turn out to be some of the most profitable vintages. And so yes, you cut marketing mainly because as you tighten the credit box, there are fewer people to market, too. But I think we try and operate our company almost like we’re always in a recession, always be conserved on credit or was be tied on expenses, there’s more you can do, especially around discretionary items. But that ability to keep momentum through a downturn has really distinguished us in previous cycles, and we would try and do that again.
Roger Hochschild: Yes. I mean we haven’t put out product-by-product guidance. But I would say that given how we underwrite the personal loans, I’m not sure why our portfolio would jump much faster than the card book. In general, we have a higher FICO for the personal loans business. They do tend to be a little more volatile than card in a recession. But I wouldn’t – that isn’t necessarily behavior I would expect. 
John Greene: Great. Okay. Thanks for the question, Ryan. There’s a lot there. So, let me start with the fundamentals that we’re seeing. So the liability side of the balance sheet is certainly subjected to increases in deposit funding costs as a result of competitive actions and general needs across the market to attract some deposits. With that said, the 11% plus we delivered in the third quarter; we do expect some upside from that as a result of the Fed hikes in September. So certainly, sequentially into the fourth quarter, we’ll see further improvement. Now, beyond the – excuse me, beyond into the fourth quarter – we’ll see improvement. Beyond the fourth quarter at this point, we’re going to reserve any commentary. But what I would say is, we don’t expect any specific, I’ll say, seismic changes to net interest margins in 2023 based on the stability of our funding base and turn access to multiple sources of funds.
John Greene: Yes. Sure. Moshe, I’ll take that. So from a overall capital level, we are very well capitalized, right? So, we’re 13% approaching, 14% on the CET1. Our target is 10.5%. The credit book has been very, very stable. It’s normalizing, but overall, very, very stable. So the capital allocation priorities through the firm remain in place. So first is to invest in strong organic growth, second would be a return of capital, and then third, perhaps a bolt-on acquisition, and we’re going to do that will likely be in the Payments segment. So overall, those priorities didn’t change. So the suspension remains in place, but we’re hopeful that it will resume – buybacks will resume here in the fourth quarter.
John Greene: Yes. Yes, happy to help with that, Sanjay. So let me provide some context upfront here. So year-to-date total expenses are up 7%. Comp expense is up 5%, and excluding marketing, our expense base year-to-date is up 2%. So actually really, really what I’ll say first half of the year and into this quarter some strong fundamentals. Now, we did have a significant growth in the asset base, which of course, means that there are accounts that we’re going to have to service. And you might have seen a press release that came out that indicated we were hiring about 2,000 servicing agents through the balance of this year and into next year depending on the balance sheet and our customer value proposition and metrics. So overall, the strong growth and the strong acquisition has necessitated investments in our people. We’ll continue to do that. We’ve also made specific investments in information technology, specifically around resources advanced analytics in order to further position us to be able to grow profitably and then also enhance underwriting and customer targeting. So, we believe all those investments make perfect sense for the long term. And what you’re seeing here in the third quarter is a combination of what I’ll say is a tough comp as a result of some turnover last year. And then us coming on with backfilling resources, what I’ll say is salaried resources as well as the investments I talked about in terms of customer service. So hopefully, that provides some context and color to your question.
John Greene: Yes, that is a correct statement. So no change. Obviously, when we have some news to share, we’re going to share it. The expense guidance we provided and the updates reflect those items I discussed on your previous question and no specific changes related to expenses related to the buybacks as mentioned.
John Greene: Yes. John thanks for the question. So, what we said in the past and what we’ve told our Board and what we’re targeting is an efficiency ratio in the high 30s [ph]. And through this year, we’ve done a pretty good job in terms of being able to deliver that. Certainly the really strong growth and the great performance through the first half on expense – on the expense base. And then the third quarter reflects some investments and despite those investments, still below 40%. We’re going to continue to make investments where we see an opportunity to drive great returns for our shareholders. And as we approach 2023, we are aware that the economic environment is a little tougher. We do feel like we have remaining tailwinds in terms of asset growth and we do have investments we’re going to continue to make. So, I would say for 2023 specifically, we will come out in January to give more specific details. But the overall commitments remain in place, commitment to positive operating leverage and efficiency ratio south of 40% and expense discipline while investing for growth.
John Greene: Yes. Great. Yes, thanks for that question. So a little bit of context there. So, we put on about $5.5 billion to $5.6 billion worth of assets in the quarter. Our reserves increased by $304 million. So, as we look at the portfolio and the macro environment, we’re seeing the portfolio continuing to be very, very stable but normalizing. The macro environment indications of a recession are certainly increasing. Roger mentioned in his comments about some mild – in his comments about some mild tightening. So in terms of expectation around reserves, we’ll continue to take a look at the macros. We’ll run multiple scenarios and then make sure the balance sheet, the portfolio specifically continues to perform as anticipated and will make appropriate calls for reserves under GAAP. It’s really tough to give any specific guidance on that other than we’re going to be mindful of the macros, continue to watch the portfolio, and that prime revolver targeting we do, tends to add high-level stability. As matter of fact one other point that may be useful not specific to reserves, but rather charge-offs. You have to go all the way back to the second quarter of 2011 to see charge-offs that – charge-off rates that is north of 4%. So, we’re seeing great stability this year, and we expect it to be stable next year as well.
John Greene: Okay. Yes. So there’s a lot there. And as you know, it’s fairly complex Betsy, but I’ll do my best to create some transparency here. So – and let me start with the loan yields. So 80% of our book is floating rate of the asset side. So as the Fed increases, that creates the opportunity to move the contract rate up with the Fed changes. And correspondingly, if the Fed were to come down, the contract rate would come down. So, what we’re seeing there is in a rising rate environment. We still expect 3 basis points to 5 basis points of yield improvement. So net interest margin yield improvement over a 12-month period. So, we saw significant increases in September. It looks like based on the forward curve, there’s another maybe as much as 125 basis points of further Fed action this year, and then next year, depending on the economy, there could be a couple more or there’ll be a pause. I don’t think there will be much in the way of Fed rate reductions until maybe as late as 2024. So what that means is, we’re going to get the benefit from the Fed rate increases into the portfolio. We’re seeing deposit pricing continue to go up. We haven’t been a price leader on that. Certainly, we’ve been a follower to make sure we have a positive value proposition for our customer base. And then the next question would be around betas and what do you think about betas. So, I’m going to try to address that right now. So as there’s greater disparity between our rates from a deposit standpoint and the brick-and-mortar banks. It creates plenty of opportunity for us to market into those customers and they’ll find an attractive value proposition, which should help dampen the impact of further rate increases. So, we do think the combination of the Fed increases, us being able to manage the deposit book, but in a rising rate environment, stability from a credit standpoint, but normalization, which will create a bit of incremental interest reversals impacting net interest margin. And then ultimately, the pricing decisions we’re going to make where we have that flexibility to make sure we’re making good decisions for our customers and for our shareholders. So ultimately, it nets out that we expect relative stability over net interest margin through 2023.
John Greene: Yes. Hey Bob, thanks for the question. I just want to be very specific about something you said. And our comments have consistently been here on this call that we hope to resume the buyback in the fourth quarter. So, we say that because we’re hopeful, but there’s ultimately, it will be a decision that the Board helps with. So in terms of the 10.5% target, so we’ve been well north of that for quite some time, there’s – we have said that we want to step towards that, we intend to step towards that. So certainly, the earnings power that the firm has generated and the buybacks as well as dividends, have impacted our ability to get there. So we’re going to step towards that when throughout 2023 and 2024. What we said previously is, we hope to be around the 10.5% target, sometime in 2024 or 2025.
John Greene: Yes. Yes. So, I would put two points out there. First, I would take a look at the historical trends and use that and make certain judgments. The other item here, I’m going to say is a matter of judgment. But certainly, I have a belief that credit cards have increased in the payment priority because folks can access the digital economy without a credit card – some folks with a debit card, but most specifically around a credit card. So that, I believe, helps prioritize the primary credit card among many other debt obligations that a consumer has. So could that impact the relative charge-off rates versus the historical trend? My belief is yes, but your judgment is, what I’d say you should apply when you’re working through your forward-looking outlooks.
John Greene: Yes. Yes, thanks for the question, Don. So certainly, nice growth there. On the personal loan front, you go back in a few quarters, and it was flat. And we said it was flat to down. Actually, if you go back three or four quarters as a result of some underwriting decisions we took. We’ve been – we set strength in the underwriting for that product, and it’s given us greater confidence to be able to market that product, and there’s been a high level of appeal to it. So, we’ll continue to be mindful of the product in the face of a tougher economic condition. But certainly, we feel like it’s a good product and its meeting customer needs, and that’s helped drive the growth. In terms of kind of forward-looking guidance, I’m not going to start to do that at a product level, all it would do is ensure that I was wrong more often. But if I go to the kind of the home equity loan, that’s portfolio is relatively small. So it’s actually not moving the dial at this point from an earnings standpoint. But what we’ve seen is a great level of interest in the second lien product, and we’re also originating a first lien product as well. So both products are performing well and nice appeal.
John Greene: Yes. So Mihir, thanks for the question. And I’m certainly appreciate the specificity. What I’ve said about NIM is probably as far as I’m going to go here on this call. We do expect sequential improvement, as I said. Beyond that, it will be tough to give specific details.
John Greene: Yes. So normalization through 2023 and the macro environment will help us determine whether it pushes 2023 into 2024. But where we’re sitting today, we’re very pleased with the portfolio performance and the only surprise is frankly, the pace of normalization on the upper end is a little slower than we expected, which helped drive the improved guidance that we gave on the charge-off rate.
John Greene: Yes. Hey, Bill and in terms of kind of fundamental assumptions for kind of reserve setting. So, as I said earlier, we used a number of different scenarios, which included kind of non-recession scenario as well as the recessionary scenario. The recessionary scenario that we modeled. We certainly didn’t wait as much as the non-recession and also the view in terms of the unemployment rate, there’s pretty wide range right now, right? So some forecasted going north of 6% in a very, what I’ll say, a dark scenario. The more optimistic scenario is 4%. And so we looked at a complete range of scenarios and weighted it more towards stability with increasing unemployment. GDP, not as big a driver, but certainly an indication for the economy. Today, we’re at about 1%, and in 2023 in a recessionary scenario; there would be mild contraction, not deep contraction. So we think, overall, there will be general stability despite a tougher macro.
John Greene: Yes. I would just simply say that we will take a look at the opportunities we have in front of us, and we’ll make what I hope will be great long-term decisions for our shareholders. And we’re going to be very, very mindful around discretionary spending and around employment decisions. So overall, we hope we’re good stewards of the company.
John Greene: Yes. I wouldn’t necessarily assume that what the point of the guidance between two and four is that’s what we had said previously still within the range, and we wanted to keep it within the range. So that 2% to 4% is something that we’ve seen historically, and to an extent, managed to, and we’ll continue to do that. So I wouldn’t lean on any particular information to assume the fourth quarter is going to be extraordinarily high or low.
John Greene: Yes. Thanks. It’s stabilized in the third quarter, basically approach stabilization into the second quarter and it’s very close to where it has been historically. 
