R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So I think the way I think about it, Ken, is really – and I'll let David comment as well, too, but I think about it as a constrained optimization, right? There's a combination of rewards – of returns in growth that you'd like to see. I think we're continuing to reserve the right to invest some of that margin strength we're seeing over the back half of the year. We currently haven't found any ways of doing it that from an NPV perspective really made sense for us. That's why we're continuing to guide to a relatively stable margin at this point in time, but giving ourselves the ability, I guess, to change that if we see a need to going forward. One of the things we did do is we did go ahead and reinvest the marketing spend from last year that we had in the direct mortgage business into some of the other businesses. You might see us lean into marketing expense a little bit as we go forward into the back half of the year relative to what you've seen from us lately. But we're pleased with the revolver sales growth we're seeing right now and pleased with the trajectory of NIM and loan growth.
R. Mark Graf: No, I think in terms of rewards guidance, we've been speaking to something in that 115-basis-point area, as you discussed. I think what you saw in the quarter was really more an impact of what last quarter's rotating 5% cash back category was, that drove pretty significant engagement and that really drove the big sequential increase in rewards. On a full-year basis, we're still looking for something in that 115-basis-point range, maybe 1-basis-point or 2- basis-point higher, but nothing of any significant different from the guidance.
R. Mark Graf: No, I was just going to say the only thing I would add to that is there's several folks with some very high headline rewards rates that are out there. And I think we've just said it doesn't seem to make economic sense to us in a lot of cases and those clearly are going to be the most appealing to the transactor who tends to drive the majority of the sales growth. So with a very lend-centric model in this environment, I would expect us to lag on the sales growth front. But, as David noted, we'd like to see it be somewhat higher than where it sits right now.
R. Mark Graf: Betsy, I think at this point in time what you're really dealing with is the compounding effect of the loan growth as opposed to just the last quarter or two's loan growth that's really driving that reserving. The cards and personal loans both tend to take peak charge-offs about 24 months after you originate them. If you think about it, the vintage from two years ago is right at that peak; the vintage from last year is climbing the hill and the vintage from three years ago is still pretty high under the curve, but dropping off. So as we've continued to originate more new accounts every year successfully since the crisis. The area under that curve grows, because the vintage falling out of that peak is smaller than the one that's climbing the hill. So I think it's really the compounding effect of that that's the driver. I wouldn't expect – as long as we're able to continue driving loan growth at the levels we are right now and keep solid new account production across the products, I wouldn't expect to see us slip to a situation where we fall into a reserve release or a net neutral reserve position; at least not for any length of time.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. So I think we've guided to lower expenses in 2016 than we saw in 2015, but we haven't given any efficiency guidance other than to say we expect to keep trending back down toward that 38% level over the course of this year. I don't think we'll achieve it for the full year this year, and just to be clear on that front, given where the year started with some of these increased compliance and AML/BSA look-back costs. We're starting with such a low efficiency ratio relative to peers to begin with. Some of the one-time costs we saw just we're not going to cut muscle in order to cover those, because we want to keep the engine running and keep the customer experience what it's been. Still feel comfortable that operating expenses in 2016 will be lower than 2015. They may be a tad bit higher than the guidance we called out at the beginning of the year, but not materially so that would cause me to change guidance for you at this point in time.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. We actually completed all the work streams related to the look-back itself this quarter. So that expense will no longer be with us going forward. But we will have other expenses related to enhancements to the compliance program to comply with the consent orders we have on that front.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, and as far as NIM goes, Mark, the outlook would basically assume that a fairly consistent percentage of the growth we're seeing is coming from the balance transfer activities that we don't lean into it any more or any less candidly than we are right now that's in that stable margin guidance for the remainder of the year. As I alluded to earlier, I think we're probably more prone to invest some of that excess margin and a little bit of incremental marketing expense in the back half of the year as opposed to more BT activity. But we are reserving the ability to do it if we can find a way from an NPV standpoint to have it make sense.
R. Mark Graf: And, Ryan, I'd just add on to that, while it may result in sales growth being a little bit lower than we'd like to see it, in the near term, I think it's a real validation of the profit pool in the businesses and the lend-centric element of the business, which is where we intend to remain focused.
R. Mark Graf: A bunch in there. I'll try and tackle it. I would say with respect to the latter question, I think we may let the asset sensitivity of the balance sheet drift a little lower naturally over the coming quarters just based on the revised outlook post-Brexit and the impacts on Europe and how that's trickling through the outlook for the global economy. So I wouldn't be surprised to see us do that. I think we will continue to maintain an asset-sensitive position. We think it's the right place for us. And I don't think you'll see us do anything transformational. Just, again, be evolutionary over time. With respect to the mix in the portfolio, I would say I think you might see a little bit more skewing toward revolvers and away from transactors as the year goes on, but I wouldn't say it would be so meaningful as to change your modeling for us radically from where we sit right now. And there was a third piece to your question, Ryan, that I've forgotten. I'm sorry.
R. Mark Graf: Lower short rates, yeah, I would say the current rate curve – current rate environment doesn't concern me at all. I think we do well in the current environment. We do well on a flatter curve. And I think we're positioned really well.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I would say with the AML/BSA consent orders we have from the Fed and the FDIC, I think we're kind of out of the acquisition space right now. Those really are red lights with respect to acquisitions. So we continue to look in the marketplace, stay plugged into the marketplace, make sure we're aware of flow. But I think our ability to act on anything that would touch or impact the bank charter right now is probably non-existent. I would say with respect to the payment side of the equation, I think I'll let David address that, because that doesn't specifically play into the bank charter.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I don't think we give charge-off guidance specifically, Jamie. What I would say is it's up, I think, 11 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And I think that really reflects that continued seasoning. I think there's two things going on. Number one, we're just coming off of an exceptionally low level for charge-offs across the consumer finance industry more broadly. So I do think there's what I'll call just a gradual normalization element of this that is taking place. But then you also have the seasoning of those multiple years of loan growth and the way that they mature and come to peak losses 24 months out that are driving that as well. What I'd say is, just as the backdrop, I would really underscore we see the credit environment as extremely benign right now. And I do think that the trends in the credit line are going to be more a function of growth in the portfolio and the seasoning of that growth and not really reflective of any deterioration that we see in the environment.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah. I would just follow on to that just to make sure we're calibrating correctly. When David talks about a modest expansion of the credit box, I'd really utilize that modest word. I think historically what we've told folks is the line-weighted FICO in the card business is around 732, something like that for the portfolio. If you drew a bull's-eye that would say 7 basis points or 8 basis points around that number, that's where your line-weighted originations this year would be. So you're not talking about a significant expansion of the credit box by any stretch of the imagination.
R. Mark Graf: I would say we're seeing a little bit more of it. It's skewing a little bit more to the new account side of the equation right now. I don't think it's all the way to 60/40, but it's trending in that general direction, really favoring the new accounts, driving the loan growth. And I think that's largely for the reason that David noted a moment ago, those new accounts aren't coming on with as much BT as historically they did. So they have more open to buy, and with the engaged behavior we're seeing out of those accounts as they're coming on the books, they are comprising a greater portion of the sales growth right now.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I would say it's hard to say, Jason, is the honest answer to the question. I think we're comfortable with loan growth in the range we're seeing it right now. We'd like to see it be a little higher into the range, obviously, as David noted, but I think loan growth is consuming a chunk of that. I feel really good about going through the CCAR process and producing one of the highest yields among all the participants, buying back close to 8% of shares on an annualized basis, if you look at last quarter. I'm hard-pressed to see how to craft a path for you for how long it's going to take to get there. I think the one thing we've said over and over again and we'll commit to it is we're not going to do anything crazy with it just because we have it. We recognize it's our investors' capital and not ours and we will treat it appropriately. We continue to look for ways to return more of it. Every year we've gotten more aggressive in that CCAR ask. Over the year prior, I think a reasonable person could assume that that process wouldn't deviate in our current thoughts as we look forward either. But exactly how long it's going to take to get there, I just don't know how to answer that question.
David W. Nelms: And, Ken, the only thing I would add is we really haven't changed from last quarter. We're focused both on growth of loans as well as maintaining strong profitability.
David W. Nelms: David, I think we're not quite to the point where we're getting expirations of the double cash back bonus, if that's what your question is. So I think that's something we'll be watching over the next several quarters. But I would say the spend during the time when they're in the promotions has somewhat exceeded our expectations, which is why we've continued to offer double.
David W. Nelms: I think at the margin, consumers appear to be, having deleveraged very significantly, are starting to very modestly increase their borrowings. And I think it's a very healthy amount. So you still see very benign credit, but you're seeing the credit card loan growth category across prime issuers move from shrinking to slight growth even in the prime space.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say, we are certainly hoping that the strong new account growth along with other actions will help increase our loan growth a bit further into our range. As you know, we're looking for 4% to 6% in total. And so we're within that range. But we are hoping to go further into the range as the quarters go by in the future.
David W. Nelms: Well, as you know, our primary focus is on loan growth, which continues to be strong. It actually moved up just a slight amount to just over 4% from just under 4% last quarter. We don't aspire to have the same sales growth as peers who focus more on the transactor space. However, we would like it to be a bit higher than what we saw in the second quarter. And so we are hopeful that a number of the actions that we've been taking, whether it's more new accounts, focusing on engagement with our cash rewards program and other actions to help stimulate some sales volume will move the sales volume up a bit over the coming quarters as well.
David W. Nelms: We've produced record originations each year, the last few years, and we expect to do the same this year with actions we've taken. So I think most of the growth is our actions in marketing. And it's not really promotional in terms of promotional rates, but increased marketing and increased effectiveness of that marketing, yes. At the margins, I'm sure we're benefiting a bit from the pullback of some of formerly P2P kind of companies. But a lot of – as we've talked before, a lot of where they play is in the lower credits where we don't play. So I think to the extent that they also did pick up some prime – originate some prime loans and are originating fewer that should help us a little bit. And it certainly doesn't hurt (21:49).
David W. Nelms: The only two things I would add to that, Betsy, is one is, even if there wasn't season, it was absolutely stable credit, when you're growing loans, you'd obviously have to set aside some loan loss reserves to cover those new loans. And secondly, there's also obviously going to continue to be some volatility between quarters, given the large size of the reserve balance.
David W. Nelms: I would say they've tracked generally to our expectations. If you're talking about a little bit longer term, they've tracked somewhat better because this credit environment has remained benign and there's been less normalization than we expected. And so where possible, we've tried to find places that we could do an incremental line increase or approve someone that maybe in this – going forward might actually be expected to have prime credit behavior.
David W. Nelms: I'll start and then hand it to Mark. I'd say, generally, yes. The pivot that we made towards match and away from quite as aggressive on the balance transfer promotional offers really starting about a year ago has continued to perform well and is one of the reasons you're seeing elevated cashback bonus expenses with a healthy net interest margin and modest marketing spend as we get lower cost per accounts. So we continue at this point to be – feel good about that trade-off. The only thing I would add is that we are continuously looking at our rewards programs, our marketing mix, testing different things. And so I would expect at some point we'll test into other variations.
David W. Nelms: Okay. Well, I would say, in a low rate environment, transactors aren't as costly as in a higher rate environment. And I think that's why you're seeing some other competitors chase the transactors very aggressively with rewards. And it's one of the reasons we're not chasing them quite so aggressively because if they're breakeven now and float goes up, do they start losing money again if rewards get that rich. I would say also that the low rate environment and the low return environment in banking is part of what I believe is causing greater competition in cards and specifically in rewards. And I think post-CARD Act, the issuers may be a little careful on how much they want to reduce their credit standards or how much they want to reduce their APRs, but they may feel like they can at least for now go with some high rewards rates and maybe in the future they have to adjust them down. So I think the low rate environment is driving some of that competition. And it's why we try to keep our discipline by having a sustainable rewards rate and be disciplined on maintaining profitability, not just go for really high growth but less profitable growth.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that I'm not seeing a lot more growth in M&A. I'm hearing more talk in the market, but I'm not seeing as much actually change hands. And the one thing I would say is that even while under the consent order, it could allow us to do certain portfolio kind of things. And I don't think that M&A is the first thing that we focus on as a team anyway. We look at organic growth. We have strong capital returns to shareholders. But, I guess, I would just moderate a little bit. I'm not sure we would 100% be totally out of that, even during this period.
David W. Nelms: I think that where the big action is in two places. I've certainly seen some growth from – in transactors and in some co-brand deals and there seems to be action there. There also seems to be a lot more loan growth in the subprime space. And certainly we're seeing competitors – I think it was more credit availability issue there, that after the crisis, everyone pulled back. And right now, you've got a couple of competitors who are really making a lot more credit available. And so we're seeing loan growth there. In the prime space that we focus on, I'm seeing generally slow sales growth, slow but now positive loan growth as an industry. And just gradual increases in confidence of the consumer since they're in a really healthy place from a personal balance sheet perspective. The healthiest we've seen in many, many years.
David W. Nelms: What I would say is we're actually seeing strong sales growth of the new accounts, and probably, if I had to pinpoint where we're softest, it's in some of our orders transactors. And in some cases, some of them are getting picked up by offers they just can't turn down. And so that's why you're seeing our loans and profits do fine, but – and I guess, that's how I would reconcile it.
David W. Nelms: No, I wouldn't say that. Both loans and sales and new accounts look good. And you're seeing with us a little bit continued pickup on loan growth. We're getting the results that are most important, which is loan growth. And so it's a secondary concern, but we still would love to also see a little more sales growth as well. And we're hoping to achieve that more over time. There's a couple of specific things going on. Obviously, gas prices continue to be about a 1% drag year-over-year. I think we'll have another quarter of that and then hopefully that should at least finally stabilize. You saw one of the warehouse clubs started accepting more cards and then that's going to pull some of our warehouse sales away as we have to kind of – as consumers have more choices than they did. And so we've got a couple of things like that, but overall, I think the big picture is few of our competitors are just incredibly aggressive at the moment with transactors.
David W. Nelms: The good news is I'm not sure there have been missed opportunities. And if you look over the time before we got into any of this, we didn't have a huge M&A part of our business. We've been mainly inorganic growth story. But I think the key thing that we'd like to do at some point is we need to get the consent orders lifted. And two things have to happen. First, we need to finish the work. And then, it has to be burned in long enough and the regulators have to come in and actually lift the consent orders. And so we're focused right now on that first part. That's in our control. And there is no higher priority at a company than doing that. And as soon as we're to that place, we'll turn our attention to try to move along the process of getting the orders themselves lifted.
David W. Nelms: I think that we're – two things have happened. One is that there's been a fair number of transitions away from Citibank franchises into other hands and other people that maybe were a little more focused on growing in some of those markets. And I'd say that transition has now run its course. But the second thing is we've got – we've had some important new signings that we've talked about in recent years. The largest issuer in China is issuing the cards there. The largest issuer – credit card issuer in India is our Diners Club franchise there. And so players like that is what really helped drive some of the volume by putting on lots of new cards, growing sales, and certainly by far the growth is coming out of the Asia area more than anywhere else in the world right now.
David W. Nelms: I'd say there's not a big change on – credit is pretty stable. The average FICO is slightly down over the last few years just as we've found that this new environment appears to be more here to stay. And so at the margin, we could lean a little more into FICO scores. But, generally, the quality of – the composition of the customers is very consistent with what we've pursued in the past. We're probably slightly heavier in students than we used to be because that's a really important source of ongoing new accounts and relationships. We've got some new products like our Secured Card that allows us to approve people that can't be approved without the security. And so we also have our Miles Card that appeals to a little higher spending customer, generally. But both of those portfolios are so small that at this point they're not really moving the needle. So overall consistent.
David W. Nelms: I would say that as we shifted from being a bit more balanced transfer focused to more cash rewards focused, we're seeing actually a little faster sales growth and a little slower immediate loan growth out of the blocks. But what we are expecting is that the balance transfers expired in the past. And we usually saw some paydown at that point and we have a fewer of those to expire. So the loan build, we think will continue, and continue to build. And so we tend to get to pretty high – to a fairly typical maturity around year one at the 12-month mark. And generally, our loan average balances continue to grow from that point, but more modestly.
David W. Nelms: Yeah. I continue to feel good about it. One of the things that will be a bit helpful is that the organic business is becoming a higher and higher part of the mix. And so when we bought those two portfolios from Citi, they were large portfolios and they're continuing to pay down as you'd expect. But as they become a smaller and smaller part of the mix, the overall loan growth within the student loan business, I believe, can accelerate a little bit. I'd say overall there are certainly risks. As you say, it is a bit of a hot button politically. There tends to be confusion between the large federal student loan program, which is most of the lending and it's not underwritten and it has no publicized credit issues, versus the private loans, which are continuing to perform well. But sometimes people in the press will mix up those two things. And so I still believe that there's opportunity, that private student loans only make up about 6% of new student loan originations. And if the government ever pulls back at all, that could be an opportunity for accelerated growth. I don't think we're at that point right now. But some day that may happen, I believe. But there's also plenty of scrutiny around that business because it's very important. But as long as tuition continues to grow faster, I think there's a need for it. Our loans perform well. So I am still quite bullish on the business.
David W. Nelms: Well, yes, there's still a credit cycle. It's a cyclical business. The new normal, I don't think we're going to know for quite some time. It's lower than it used to be. But we're going to have to actually go through a cycle or two to fully understand it. And that's why – and I would just say that our management team has been through a bunch of cycles, and it's one of the reasons that we still are keeping very disciplined. We'll make some changes at the margin, but I think you're not hearing us say that there's some big opportunity we're going to loosen up because we think credit cycles are over. So I generally – people that grow really fast in loans for a short period of time, it comes back and bites them. And that's one reason we have a top-end to our loan growth projections. We don't think growing more than about 6% at the high-end can be done today without taking too much credit risk.
David W. Nelms: I see. Well, I do think in part it's a new cost of doing business. But it's because it works. I think you can go to an unsustainably high level, which we're not prepared to do. But it has just fantastic appeal to prime card customers. And so people have been copying what we've been doing for a – since we started. And in some cases they may be taking it to an extreme. If you look at what's driving our rewards cost, there's a certain sort of more permanent shift as we move from what used to be up to 1% to flat 1%. And then, there are quarterly changes based on the 5% program, the double match on new accounts. And those can go up or down over time.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think that we are taking some steps, but frankly, we're not willing to match unprofitable offers. And so my best guess is that it would be relatively stable. And some of the actions we're taking would probably prevent it from accelerating more.
