Roger C. Hochschild: Thanks, Craig. And thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I'm tremendously honored to succeed David as CEO. This transition comes with Discover in a great position, generating solid growth and robust returns, and with the Discover brand stronger than ever. Discover represents a unique combination of assets built on a culture that places the highest value on serving our customers, whether by introducing unique features in our card business or innovations in payments. I'm proud to have been part of the team for 20 years and excited to have the opportunity to build upon that legacy as we pursue our aspiration to be consumers' most trusted financial partner. Even with a change at the top, our priorities remain the same. First, the Discover lens-centric business model, integrated with the benefits of our proprietary network, remains at the core. We will continue to invest in the brand, in a differentiated customer experience, and in advanced analytics. And, of course, we'll maintain our consistent conservative approach to credit risk management. This strategy has served us well and continues to produce outstanding results. With that let's turn to slide 3, and review those results for the Third Quarter. We earned $720 million after tax, or $2.05 per share this quarter, generating a return on equity of 26%. This performance reflects the strength of the Discover business model, as well as consistent execution on our strategic priorities. Looking at the fundamentals, total loans grew by 8% in the quarter, led by 9% growth in the card business. This was above industry average, as the Discover brand continues to resonate with our target customers. New accounts were up 14% year-to-date, and we're also seeing higher engagement with both the number of active card members and spending per card member growing nicely. Our private student loan business shows the strength of the Discover brand beyond the card business, setting us up for another year of record originations. Student loan originations during the peak season were up 12%, as a result of improved brand awareness and greater effectiveness in our marketing efforts. In Personal Loans, it's clear the competitive intensity has not lessened, supported by the significant level of capital that has entered the market over the last few years. Much of this competition is from unbranded players, which means that their principal means of differentiation and growth is on price or credit standards. As we said, we will not chase growth that does not meet our return objectives, hence our decision to cut back on origination activity, and we continue to expect personal loan receivables at year-end to be flat to down from the prior year end. Focusing now on Credit. Overall performance is encouraging. In our card portfolio, the seasoning of recent years' vintages, along with continued normalization in the back book are in line with our expectations. In addition, we continue to invest in enhancements, not only in our underwriting processes, but also our servicing platform. We are increasingly leveraging data, advanced analytics, and machine learning to enhance the quality and efficiency of our servicing activities whether in day-to-day customer service or how we collect past-due accounts. This is paying off for us in a variety of ways. It creates a better customer experience, it improves the scalability of servicing operations, and it leads to better credit performance. Turning to Payment Services. The segment generated a healthy 22% increase in pre-tax income, driven by strong volume growth at PULSE, and in our network partners' business. Before I turn the call over to Mark, I want to personally thank David for his leadership over the last 20 years. I'm enormously proud of the business and the team we built together over that time, and I couldn't be more excited about Discover's prospects for the future. I'll now ask Mark to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. Thanks, Ken. I wouldn't confuse our Payments business with a focus on transactors. In fact, the biggest part of our Payments profitability comes from PULSE, which is a Debit business. So, Payments business is really working with third parties, whether they are networks around the world, our Diners Club franchisees or the banks that issue over PULSE. In terms of our card-issuing business, we remain very focused on our lend-centric model. That's something we've had consistently. And, so, while, again, we're seeing great transaction growth and net income growth in Payments, a lot of that is actually driven by the Debit market.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. We've had rewards since we invented rewards over 30 years ago. So, I wouldn't point to that as a change from our lend-centric model.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. Thanks, Sanjay. You know, for 14 years, as President, I ran all the operating areas of Discover. So got to drive a lot of the growth, whether it's in the Payments segment, whether it's around our technology strategy or the new features we launched on the Card side. So, I think, really, it's continuing the path we're on. We have a great set of assets. We've been very successful in diversifying our direct banking business from beyond Card, and we're incredibly excited about the growth opportunities we see in the Payments business as well. I'd point to some of the partnerships we're striking with networks around the world. So again, I would not expect any big changes in strategy, but a continued focus around execution, and driving growth.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, I think, first, the comments on loan growth slowing and pulling back from certain channels are really about the personal loan business. New accounts are up strongly on the card side. We're seeing great productivity on our new account investments, so even with significantly more new accounts, cost per account is down. My view is the card business is always competitive. There might have been a lull in 2008-2009, but the key is putting a great value proposition out there. We continue to differentiate in terms of customer experience, and the functionality we provide. So, again, we feel very good about the growth we're putting up, and we're continuing to invest in driving that growth.
Roger C. Hochschild: So, one of the big swing factors in an actuarial portfolio, as you know, Moshe, is the macro factors. So, if you control for those and, say, hold all the macro factors exactly constant, right? It would really be more a function of just how much of the book is going through seasoning at that point in time. So, it would be what percentage of the book is new accounts would be the driver. And then, the second piece would be what is going on with consumer leverage out there more broadly. So, what's happening to loss severities, given a default. Those would really become the two swing factors that would drive that. We have seen consumers re-approach that normalized level of leverage. It's kind of what we believe is part of what's driving this normalization in losses beginning to slow. Right? The normalization and charge-offs beginning to approach some type of a normalized rate. So, I would say based on what we see now we don't see over-leveraging being something that I would say driving it right now. But that could change tomorrow, just to be clear. But we don't see it right now. So, I would say, going forward, those reserves are going to be far more affected by what percentage of the book is new accounts at that point in time would really be the swing factor if you neuter all the macro economic effects.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. So, in terms of new account pricing and promotions, we've tried to steer away from those kind of big-ticket $300, $500. We do double the cashback bonus for the first year and have found that to work very, very well and don't see a significant decline in spending once that promotional period expires because it's really driving long-term usage over an entire year. A lot of the benefits in terms of cost per account come from product differentiation, customer experience differentiation and just the strength of the brand. So, by leveraging our proprietary network, the advertising we have is working well, and then some of the investments we've been making around analytics. And so, optimizing, whether it's direct mail, whether it's the digital channels, optimizing conversion rate, those are really paying off and letting us achieve those lower-cost per account even as we book more accounts and have been tightening our credit box.
Roger C. Hochschild: To some degree, I would say, Eric, that's a fair statement. So, we, kind of think of marketing dollars and rewards to some degree as flip-sides of the same coin. So, either way, you're trying to attract and engage customers to engage with the brand, right. So, sometimes that's more effectively done via marketing dollars, sometimes more effectively done via rewards. Last quarter, rewards were a big driver not only on the doubles promotion on the new accounts, if you hold the sales promo piece that we saw, but also our 5% rotating cashback category that we do. Last quarter it was restaurants, and we saw the highest level of engagement with the 5% rotating category we have ever seen in our history. So I think, yes, we are targeting in on some of those rewards pieces of the puzzle as a trade-off. But even if you think about it that way, rewards rate year-over-year increase is pretty darned modest, and you look at the growth into accounts we're getting, as well as the growth in balances from existing card members, I think the marketing team has done a great job dialing in getting that mix right, and really kind of driving great new account acquisition.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, I'd start by saying it's not driven by a feeling that we're lagging behind our peers, it's being driven by the opportunities we see, truly, over a multi-year horizon. If you look at the tremendous changes that are going on, and I hate throwing around the term, sort of, big data or machine learning, but you are seeing fundamental changes in the power of analytics. And if you think about everything that is model-driven in our environment, whether it's fraud, whether it's credit, whether it's marketing, and the ability of sort of next-generation models and technologies to drive significant results, let alone sort of automation, whether it's in the call centers or robotic process automation, those are some of the investments we're making and, again, we believe this will be a multi-year journey.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, so, in terms of overall advertising, I think cross-channel attribution over a complex consumer decision journey, such as getting a credit card, is one of the biggest challenges in marketing. We've been investing heavily in that area as well, and the ability to track, sort of, where customers see our advertising, and what drove them to apply for a card. Some of that is proprietary, but the team in marketing does a great job in terms of making sure that we are getting value for our advertising, both in terms of how it drives decisions, but also rotating the placements we have. And so there's been a lot more science than, I think, in prior years, as people look at advertising. In terms of the checking product, we are very excited about that. We have been disciplined in terms of ramping it up, just to make sure that we provide the same great customer experience in that product as we do across all of our others. We have some actual radio spots that are in market now, and we're seeing those drive higher search activity. So while it will take some time for this to become a meaningful part of our funding, we're very excited about the product, the differentiation it has, and our ability to grow it.
Roger C. Hochschild: So I would say it's going to, Rick, depend to some degree on what type of promotional balance you're talking about. Sales promos I would say no, right? So if you're doubling the rewards in the first year for a new card member, those type things, I would say no, those aren't going to have delaying effects and mitigating effects and all those things. Balance transfers, the answer is, it depends on the nature of that balance transfer. If you do a $5,000-line assignment, and somebody transfers $4,995 over the day you do the line assignment, you probably made a mistake. You're probably dealing with somebody who doesn't have incremental borrowing capacity. And you're dealing with a surfer, and so you try and minimize for that to the greatest extent you can under, obviously, fair credit laws, which you're going to comply with at all cost, obviously. So, I'd say that's a piece of the puzzle. The other balance transfers, the more normalized balance transfers, I would say no. There might be a delay by a couple of months but not anything that's dramatically significant or that I would say would affect your modeling in a huge way.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. If you think about payments as a percent of total earnings, we would never slow down the earnings growth on the direct banking side. And you can see, while earnings are growing nicely on the payment side of the business, we're also focused on driving loan growth and growth in profitability on the Direct Banking side, too. Some of our biggest acquisitions have been on the payment side. So, if you look at PULSE that got us into the debit business, if you look at Diners Club that brought us global acceptance around the world. Both of those were transformational. You know, traditionally we have not done huge-scale acquisitions. So may look at bolt-ons or things that add capabilities. I would echo your comment around valuations on the payment side, but growing that business is a big part of our strategy. We have a unique set of assets. We're really excited about some of the partnerships we have, whether it's working with PayPal, or with Apple, or with networks all around the world. So, it is a key focus of ours.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah. So, we are seeing pressure on payment rates from student loan consolidators, and that's having an impact on our loan growth. I wouldn't say it's necessarily impacting charge-offs as much, but really the impact is on the loan growth. We've still been growing at 10% year-over-year. We expect another record year of originations. So, I'd say it's something we're monitoring. It'll be interesting to see how those consolidators do in a rising rate environment, given the amount of fixed rate loans that are out there. So, I'd say something we're watching, we are seeing an impact, but nothing that's changing our overall strategic view on the Student Loan business.
Roger C. Hochschild: Yeah, so, you know, clearly it's a very robust economic environment. If you look at unemployment, if you look at wage growth starting to come into the marketplace. So given the breadth of our book, that's benefiting our customers as well. In terms of whether that opens up a huge amount of capacity, you know, we've been pretty clear that we've been tightening the credit box over the last couple years, and don't really plan on shifting that focus at this point, given how late we are in the cycle. But, again, we feel good about where our customers are, and that's showing up in the numbers.
Roger C. Hochschild: You bet. So a couple different parts of that. So the promo rates are up 1% over a year ago, so that call it 21%ish number is still the right way to think about it. They were more like 20% a year ago, give or take. Rough math in both cases. We kind of expect to see them flat. As I mentioned on my prepared remarks, we don't expect to see them tick up from here, so we'd expect that even though we're remaining more active in some of these segments than we initially thought we might be that mix will stay flat as far as that goes. In terms of thinking about how that level has varied over time I would say it tends to vary pretty dramatically. As you might imagine, when you see a downturn coming when you're in the middle of a downturn, you don't do a lot of promo activity so that balance falls off pretty meaningfully. When you're at a point in time in the cycle where you see great opportunities to acquire accounts and engage accounts via promotional activity; that tends to tick up. So, we are toward the higher end if you look at the ranges that we've run at from time. We're not at the absolute high, but we're toward, up toward the more upper end of that as opposed to the lower end, given the nature of the environment we're in right now. In terms of the doubles, I would say, no, double continues to be the significant sales promo we're running. We do run other things from time to time. But the real driver of the numbers is going to be the doubles on the sales promotion side, and it's going to be the BT activity as well.
Kenneth Bruce: Thank you, and good afternoon. I guess my first question relates to the NIM. It's been fairly stable, all things being equal, and obviously you're ratcheting down the guidance. Mark, could you roll through maybe the puts and takes to what is impacting that outlook for the rest of the year, please.
Kenneth Bruce: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful. And, firstly, Roger, welcome to the call, and congratulations on your elevated role. I'm interested in kind of a bigger-picture question. Obviously, you mentioned in the prepared remarks the lend-centric model that Discover's been so well-known for. Obviously, you've got a payments business both within the Discover card in a way that is more payments-related and obviously is geared towards transactors. Could you maybe just think, or help us think through, what, how you want to be kind of targeting these different markets? We have juxtapose it with, like, an American Express, who's very transaction-oriented, and has been moving into lending. They think that they have an easy way to pick up balances. You're more of a lend-centric business, and maybe you're trying to pick up transactors. Could you maybe just help us think through that strategic decision that you make.
Kenneth Bruce: Okay. Maybe I can just, I realize I only have one follow-up. Maybe, within the Discover card, though, you're clearly trying to bring in transactors just through the, effectively, the rewards, the cashback rewards that's more driven towards transactors. But you need to convert those to borrowers to really drive the earnings model. I guess that's really what I was going with.
R. Mark Graf: Sure, absolutely. Ken, I'll just tackle it head-on and say it's a conscious decision on our part. When we had our call last quarter we were looking at a forecast that was at the lower end of our guidance range and we were planning on taking down our level of promotional activity as a percentage of our total balances. And, we made some changes and we saw incredibly strong response rates in economics start flowing through. So, we made a conscious decision that we could either manage to a NIM rate or we could manage to the long-term shareholder value creation by booking business that was demonstrating extremely strong return profiles. We made the decision that we would sacrifice the NIM in the near term to book that good long-term business. So, that's the underlying thought process behind it all, I would say. If you think about it in context quarter over quarter, market rates got you about a 9 basis point good guy for NIM, the funding rate took away about 5 bps, credit with charge-offs of accrued interest being lower added back about 2 bps and then the receivables to rate was about a point or two with promo rates being a little bit higher. So, net, net that gets you 8 basis points sequentially in NIM. And, we continue to be positioned to be modestly asset sensitive. The bigger driver of NIM trajectory's going forward is going to more likely be that mix of promo balances that we now expect to be flat. So we would continue to expect some NIM accretion in the fourth quarter but it will not get us all the way to that prior guidance range.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, if you look, our reserve rate was flat quarter-over-quarter, Sanjay. So, what you saw going on over the prior year since we started talking about this, you saw big increases in our reserve rate for the Personal Loan business. Now what you're seeing is those things for which we wrote the reserves starting to migrate through to charge-off. So, you'll still have that normalization phenomena we talked about impacting personal loans. And you'll still have, obviously, whatever happens to the economy between now and then. But that vintage of loans that we've been talking about that was driving reserves is now just blowing through to charge-off.
R. Mark Graf: So a couple things. Great question, Ryan. A couple things drove the change to the outlook. First of all, we did reduce the marketing eligible populations. We expected that would result in a response rate that would be lower. What we actually saw is when we reduced those marketing eligible populations and refocused on the remaining populations, we actually saw the response rates go up meaningfully. So the return on the invested dollars ended up being higher than we expected to see it. Number two, I would say, is the engagement we're getting out of these folks. So these aren't just balance transfers; we're talking sales promo as well. So, new account promotional activity as well, right. And we're seeing very strong engagement, actually an uptick in engagement across a number of those different sub-segments relative to what we had seen previously. So, that was a piece of it. And then, I had mentioned the FICO score has actually migrated north. It's actually, the FICO score that we're getting in these accounts right now is actually well north of the portfolio FICO for the card accounts, and the marginal ROEs actually ticked up meaningfully from what we've been seeing. So when you put that all in the blender and hit go, we really sat down and said, okay, again, we can manage to a NIM rate, because we're not insensitive to when we give you guys guidance, obviously. By the same token, managing to the NIM rate would have been walking away from fabulous business that's going to be really accretive to shareholder value over time. So, we made what we thought was the right decision. So that was kind of the facts and the thought process.
R. Mark Graf: So in terms of the delinquency rate and the charge-offs, it was the fourth consecutive quarter, Don, where we've see a slowdown in the rate of increase in charge-off formation. So I think that migration has stopped. Delinquencies, I agree, have, they came down from call it 37 middle of last year plus or minus the increase, 37 basis points to more or less flat at about 16, 18 basis points, something like that over the course of the last few quarters. So, they are down meaningfully. I think one of the big drivers is the growth map piece. Right? As Roger mentioned, we had very strong growth in new accounts. We continue to target new card members selectively in this environment. We think the window for growth remains open with the current macro backdrop. So, if you think about the reserve piece as opposed to delinquency piece for a second, roughly, call it 35%, 40% of what you see for reserving is new account related, with the remainder being more season back book related. Right? So, in that context, you do have a big chunk of it that is being driven by the growth map, to use my competitors' terminology. So, but we think it's manageable. We feel very good about where it is, and we love the economics. In terms of the overall reserve build at the roughly $99 million, the bulk of that was related to card and really reflects what we see coming at us in that seasoning and in those pieces of the puzzle. It's down, the card reserve build is down, call it $20 million, over the same quarter last year despite generating a bigger amount of new accounts. That probably tells you something about the quality of the accounts and what we expect to see going on there. So, it continues to feel like we're booking really high-end, high-quality business right now. And I feel good about what we're putting on the books. Reserve rate going forward is also going to be impacted by macroeconomic factors and everything else, so I don't want to prognosticate other than to say we like what we're putting on the books.
R. Mark Graf: So, I think, if you think about it in terms of our guidance range for the full year for total loans of 7% to 9%, I certainly think you would come in north of the midpoint of that range as we sit here right now, I think that's a reasonable expectation. I think one of the things we're encouraged by, again, is not just the level of growth we're seeing, but, again, I'll reemphasize the quality of that growth, the FICO profile that's coming in from this incremental business that we have elected not to run off because of what we've seen since making some of those changes, or not to run down, since making some of those changes I alluded to earlier. Feel good not just about the level of growth but of the quality of the growth we're finding right now. And to Roger's point earlier, as well, cost-effective acquisition of these accounts right now. Marketing expenses are up, but cost per account are down.
R. Mark Graf: No, I mean, I think we haven't really seen anything new over the course of the last, since we spoke to you last in terms of the development there. We did start pulling back a full year ago. It was the third quarter of last year when we really started talking to you about what we started seeing in some of these segments. So, I think in Consumer Lending, you've got to have very, you've got to have continuous monitoring, and you've got to have tollgates set up for if you see certain things start to happen, they need to drive actions. So, I think we probably saw some of that start to emerge early and took action relatively more quickly, but there's no question, as we've said before, just the pile-on effect of every day you open your financial press and there's somebody else talking about entering the Personal Loan space. We've said all along, there's a time when you want to get on the accelerator in this business and a time when it makes more sense to, there's still a window of opportunity for personal loan growth. It's just nowhere near as wide as it once was, and you've got to be more selective.
R. Mark Graf: So a portion of it is directly related to where that development is taking place. Historically, when you did legacy development for in-house systems, the development cost was capitalized. Today, we are pivoting much more into the Cloud, and a lot of the development work in the Cloud gets expensed. So that is a big piece of the driver of what's going on. In terms of exactly where we're investing, I'll kick it over to my partner Roger here to give you his thoughts on that one.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, I think that's a reasonable way to model it. At the end of the day, a big driver next year is going to be that denominator effect piece of the puzzle as well, right. So, otherwise, you would see it fall on a stable portfolio, or if you were originating just enough to keep the portfolio flat, you would see it come down a little bit from that 5% level. So, I think the denominator effect will be a piece of it.
R. Mark Graf: There's a whole bunch in there, I'm going to try to hit on all of it. Feel free to use your follow-up, to the extent I missed something.
R. Mark Graf: I think at the end of the day, in response to your first question about the declining rate of increase in the reserve growth, yeah, I think that is directly reflective of the trends we're seeing, as we're approaching that normalized level of losses. So I kind of think about it a little bit like that old calculus class that used to drive me crazy with limit calculations. You just kind of turn it on its side, and your limit curve is approaching the asymptote, and so as that's happening, charge-offs are normalizing, and you're seeing the impact reserve built in the card account, in the card portfolio normalized as well. So I think that's a reasonable way to think about it. The one thing I would remind you, or the couple things I'd remind you in that context is, it will be affected by relative growth rates in loan balances as well, right? So if we get a disproportionate amount of new accounts, or a disproportionate amount of loan balances coming from things that are less seasoned, that would obviously have bearing and could cause hiccups in that and everything. But I think, as a general rule, you're thinking about it the right way. In terms of operating leverage, in terms of how to think about that, I would pick up on Roger's earlier commentary. Well, first of all, I would say we are very committed as a company to positive operating leverage, so let's put that out there. There is a lot of leverage in the model that we perhaps aren't fully availing ourselves of right now, because we are investing very heavily in that digital and analytics side of the equation that we spoke of, and we're also taking advantage of originating quality accounts while the market is ripe for us to do so. So, I think there's more leverage that exists in the model when we choose to pull those levers. Right now, the levers we're choosing to pull are the investments in the digital and technology investments, because we're seeing tremendous payback on those.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, no, no, you'll see accretion in the fourth quarter from the third quarter's level, and the way you're describing it is by far away the right way to think about it, Betsy. It's not going to, you know, we're talking a handful of basis points. We're not talking about below the guidance range, we're not talking a precipitous decline here.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, and I would pile on to that, Betsy, and just kind of say one of the things that we watch very closely is obviously not just the overall level of leverage, but as we're also in a rising rate environment, what is the cost of that leverage, right? And one of the things that's somewhat encouraging or maybe, you know, less troubling about the re-levering in the consumer, might be a better way to say it, is the vast majority of that incremental leverage they've put on has been fixed rate. So, unlike going into the crisis when everybody had a giant ARM and when rates started to rise, payments exploded, here, it's principally auto loans, student loans, and personal loans that have driven the bulk of the increase in the leverage since the low point, and all of those that have the combination, could be characteristic of largely being fixed-rate in nature. So while leverage is back to normalized leverage, the rate-carrying implications that are a little better than historically we have seen them. Keeping an eye on it, watching it like a hawk, but right now it feels manageable.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, the only way we could do anything would be to early adopt, Betsy, and we are still working through all the modeling activity that we need to be digging through to get ready to implement the standard. We do intend to do parallel runs, we do intend to, at some point next year, start giving you guy's transparency into what we're looking at. Our clear hope at the end of the day is, there has been a growing drumbeat across multiple different industry groups, across many different people for a delay and study approach to CECL. We think there are a number of different quantitative impacts here that just haven't been fully considered. You know, the interaction between CCAR and CECL, or whatever the stress testing for the mid-tiers like ourself is going to be, and CECL, how does that interact? The impact on, you know, the provision of loans into the economy. There's a pro-cyclical element of this sucker that you're going to pull back on extending credit at the beginning of downturns, right, when folks want banks to lend, right? From an SEC standpoint, there's going to be comparability challenges in terms of how you think about, you know, if in our card assumptions, we assume a short, shallow recession two years from now, and Brand X assumes a long, deep recession in 15 months, I don't know how you're going to compare our reserve thoughts to their reserve thoughts, and figure that out. So I really think delay and study is the right answer. We have commented on that, and to the extent those of you on the call think that would make sense as well, we would encourage you to join us and sign on.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, so it's about 60% of the portfolio still cross sold has a relationship with the, on the credit card side with us as well. The average FICA was right around that 750 level still, so no meaningful upward or downward drift in FICO. In terms of term, the average life we're seeing right now is about two years. We offer three to seven but the average life is running about two years give or take. So I would say on a, actually, and the average life is like 1.8 years, but round it and call it two. So at the end of the day I would say no significant drift in the composition of the portfolio at this point in time broadly.
R. Mark Graf: No, it's up about 1% over the course of the last year, give or take in terms of where it's sitting today.
R. Mark Graf: Yeah, we don't provide vintage year disclosure so I'll stay away from that one. What I can say is, if you think about the reserve bill this quarter, Jill, roughly give or take about half of it was result of seasoning of new loan growth and roughly half of it was due to that normalization phenomena with increasing severity as customers have carried more leverage. So that's about what's driving the reserving phenomena and obviously reserving expects what we, is kind of the driver really of kind of what we expect to see coming at us in the future. So that probably gives you a little bit of sense of how we're thinking about that. And in terms of the composition then of where we're seeing some of this come from in a different lens, I'd say, roughly let's call it 40% is new account related, two-thirds of the total is back book-related. Now those Venn diagrams aren't mutually exclusive. There's some overlap in there, so don't look at them both, because some of the back book is new loan balances and so there's different pieces of the puzzle there. But I think that probably gives you a pretty good way to think about it.
Betsy L. Graseck: Just a couple of follow-ups. One, on the NIM outlook, I know that you talked about earlier on the call at the coming in for the full year below the range of 10.3% to 10.4%. Could you just give us a sense as to, that's ever so slightly modestly below because it feels to me like it would be hard to go south of 10.2%, but maybe I'm wrong on that.
Betsy L. Graseck: Okay. All right, thanks. And then, separately, just want to get a little bit of a sense from you on how you think your customers are doing, you know, financially. You know, obviously good loan growth year-to-date, and expecting to continue to have loan growth. So I want to understand, because I know you see your customers' full picture, or pretty close to their full financial picture. Do you see them having a lot more capacity to add on leverage? Do you see them taking the leverage that you provide them with, and, you know, paying down other parts of the stack? And how do you see their cash flows? Maybe give us some color on that.
Betsy L. Graseck: Okay, and then, just lastly, CECL, we haven't talked much about that, and I think parallel run starts next year. Is there anything that you would be able to do with regard to the reserve ratio to prepare for that? Or do you just have to wait until 1Q 2020? Maybe give us some color and updates on how you're thinking about that.
Christopher Roy Donat: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Would also like to add my congratulations to Roger and then I'll turn and pivot and ask Mark a question from your February 2014 Investor Day just for fun. So, Mark.
Christopher Roy Donat: Yeah, exactly yeah. What I figured I would ask is just on the Personal Loan business because I think that was the last time you gave us some disclosure on sort of the complexion of those loans, the average FICA was 750, typical term was three to five years and then 60% of that portfolio had a separate Discover relationship. I was just wondering if in recent years if it still looked pretty much the same particularly on that Discover relationship being the majority of the portfolio for personal loans.
Christopher Roy Donat: Got it, and then another history question for you. I apologize. But just a mix of promotional balances, is that around 19%? That's what it was about a year ago. Just wondering if it's still in that sort of ZIP code.
