David Nelms: Ryan, I would say that absolutely the driver of the expense growth this year is the investments in continuing to drive stronger growth rates across the portfolio. If you think about it on a core basis, we really pull out the look back on a prior year and compare it norm-to-norm. I would say core expense growth is somewhere in the order of 2.5% plus or minus. So it feels very well control from my perspective. The remainder of that expense growth is discretionary investment that is directly related to driving stronger production where we found opportunities to do just that. A big chunk of it is very aggressive marketing, we can always adjust that, if our returns don’t come in as we expected them to on those investment dollars or if the environment were to turn on us. But we see great opportunities right now, building off of the strength in the fourth quarter and we feel really good about making that investment.
David Nelms: No, I would say Ryan, I think about these things as really incremental where we’re seeing great opportunities. So for example, if you think about a secured card for example. That's somewhere where you're going to have a lot of these customers no FICO or very low FICO, but because you’re holding collateral, the risk adjustments return on that doesn’t look radically different than our traditional portfolio. So that’s just one example. We always look for opportunities where we can expand the box a little bit, but I would say this really reflects more a deepening of the existing strategy that it does expanding the box and really going significantly down market in any way.
David Nelms: Well, I think if you look at our fourth quarter results, we fairly matched the increase in loan growth with increase in revenue growth. And I think that that is as I mentioned in my comments pretty different than what we're seeing in some other places, it’s really easy to give away your product in terms of rewards to transactors that doesn’t produce revenue or the dipping down credit [ph] that just gets eaten up in charge-offs. But that’s not our focus, our focus is on getting more our products into the hands of our prime revolvers and getting more usage in our portfolio. And so I mentioned that the greater number of new accounts last year was a big part of the increase in growth rate and that’s everything from the new features, the advertising, the digital marketing. The new products like the secured card or expansion in student cards. And so as I think about this coming year, I think it will be more of the same. We are putting in more money, for more marketing, for more new accounts as an example.
David Nelms: Well I would say that, if you look at this past year, we had a similar order of magnitude increase in rewards cost and that is part of what produced the higher growth rate that we achieved this past year. So I think what we're kind of anticipating is some continuation of that trend. Some of it is just going to tend to happened as we get more of our customers converting in to Discover it, which has a higher average earn rate then our previous flagship product. And part of it is the continuation of our very successful promotional double match program and the 5% program that we're continuing to aggressively market and it's still a very good headline rate in a very good value to consumers who take full advantage for that.
David Nelms: Well certainly we continue to evolve how exactly, what's in the various categories, how we market it and we're going to continue to keep this program fresh, it's changed a lot from when we originally launched it a number of years ago with the 5% program. And I guess I would say that it feels to me like notwithstanding a few examples like you mentioned more of the competitors seem to be moving to just the flat 1.5% than anything else. So you know there's a few outliers, a few 5% there's you know, in one or two cases there is the 2%, but mostly it seems like it’s the 1.5% and our 5% program works well there, and I think the proof is in the results. If you -- certainly the competition got a lot tougher last quarter and yet we accelerated growth and so we're going to continue to have that kind of focus to you know thrive in this competitive environment which I think is here to stay.
David Nelms: I would say the nature of the business model we did not move our long term targets on any of our longer term stuff in our call today, including that margin guidance. The real reason there is because I don’t think, we can lose sight of the fact, we are at cyclical business and as we go through cycles, we will see NIM look different than it does today. That notwithstanding I would say absent a cycle, triggering it would be a long path from here to that 9% longer term guidance.
David Nelms: Well, on the first part of the question, Mark I'll let you do the second part. We are very judicious in terms of looking at what the expected marginal return is for every effort we do and whether it’s segments that we're targeting in direct marketing or decisions that we're making in promotional rate duration or rewards investments, where we evaluate those and we do a lot of test and control, we back test to see how things are working and we decide whether to modify or extend things or curtail them. So I think that the -- the thing that I’m noticing, and I’m sure other people do, somewhat the same. I think what someone of the mistake that I think sometimes people make is more transactors than expected, the interest income doesn’t come through as expected and you've still got the expenses in terms of marketing or rewards cost. And I -- what I -- speaking from a lot of experience I think that’s somewhat what I’m observing elsewhere, where they’re driving volume but not revenue.
David Nelms: We look at -- you would understand a lot more in the industry if you could really see what's going on with transactors versus revolvers by issuers, because if you could look our sales growth in our revolving base, the sales growth is actually very similar to the loan growth in our revolving base. So what's happening is, there is some people out there with very rich rewards that are attracting transactors and that’s why, you're seeing it not cost us revenue and not build revenue, where that generally were proportional to the sales growth that they're achieving. So it's a remixing and it's a purposeful strategy on our part to focus on profitable business.
David Nelms: I would say that, we have had a 5% program for a number of years and have good experiences with it. I think we would find it problematic to give 5% on everything without restrictions because the economics just would not work. And so we have been -- we have used it to help engage our customers to give rewards in rotating categories that has helped to encourage our customers to use their Discover card across many categories versus just being concentrated in one or versus just gaining it as you're saying. But I think that -- look I mean we started -- we were the first rewards card there was back 30 years ago and so I'd say we have the most experience of anyone in the industry, we've seen people introduce things then have to pull them. You know the original 5% program was actually, if you go back to the General Motors program which isn't around anymore and so you've seen some things that worked for a while in terms of volume, but didn't work from a profitability perspective and then they were curtailed. You haven't seen that from us, you've seen us be able to maintain a viable program even with the higher rewards cost that we've been talking about last year, we grew earnings a lot and so we’re not -- we're balancing a great value for consumers and profitability. The final thing I would say is you need to be careful, as Mark mentioned earlier, not to get hung up with just rewards. It is more than just the rewards, it's great service, it's other features, it's how you work with credit and make sure you're going to people that don't get over extended, there is a bunch of pieces here and rewards is an important, but just one piece of the puzzle.
David Nelms: Sure, so I will say with respected to target capital ratios, historically you are correct in that the binding constraint has been CCAR and that was on the order of a 11% Tier 1 comment [ph]. I would say an economic capital analysis would show you, we need something more on the order of nine -- let's call it 9.5% Tier 1 comment. I think the ultimate binding constraint probably lies somewhere between those two experience, Betsy. And I don’t have a sniper rifle estimate for you today. But I do think it is really rating agency and debt investor driven. In terms of where that settles out. I think somewhere ultimately with some kind of a 10-ish doesn’t feel altogether, maybe somewhere around 10, doesn’t feel altogether wrong. But it’s premature for us to really kind of revise guidance or kind of put that out there, but I kind of say that’s the way they generally think about it. And obviously, we’ll be working with rating agencies as our crack investor relations executive moves over to tackle that challenge, try and move their perspective on us as well over time. The other piece of the puzzle I would say with respect to the mix between buybacks and dividends I would say we run a pretty rigid analysis of our buyback program on monthly and on a quarterly basis really building on an efficient frontier and making sure the returns in those buybacks look solid. I think given where we are right now we continue to feel good about a healthy buyback program. That said, we have said we do want to be a dividend achiever over time. So I think you would expect to see us to the extent the economics allow for it, we would look to consistently increase that dividend on an annual cadence, again to the extent the economics allow for it.
David Nelms: I would -- I think we're not prepared to give any kind of specific guidance on this. I would just say, I would characterize it as I feel like a lot of the build has occurred whether it's [indiscernible] specifically or regulatory CCAR, whatever. It feels like this year is going to be a little more analyzation of some of those expenses as we continue to ramp up very quickly this past year. But I would caution on thinking that it is going to go back to anything close to what it was pre-down turn, at least for us and I think for anyone. And frankly, I believe that some of it is going to be a big payoff for us. Because if we can have better quality controls to put in projects right the first time, to have things work more perfectly for customers every single time, to have better, more scientific understanding of our capital and what's important and what are the different scenarios. It's a lot -- we've become much more sophisticated then that we used to be and I think there are -- we focus on the cost and yes, you have to do it because you have to do it. But I think that, what we need to do is pursue efficiencies, but also pursue the -- even more importantly pursue the benefits that come from better controlled process. In much the same way, it's almost like, think about six sigmas [ph] in manufacturing. There is benefit that can come from this and we need to focus on that. 
David Nelms: I am seeing, for every sign of someone cutting back, I’m seeing something else that goes the other direction. I would just say some of these programs, whether you’re paying out a flat 2%, which uses all the interchange or you’re paying out a flat 5%, which uses over double what your income coming in is. Some of these programs just don’t seem to make a lot of sense in the long-term to me. So I think the economics are going to causes this to be a peak maybe we're around peak now. I just, I feel like it’s already gone kind of further than I would think that the economics really support, for some of these programs. But I think it’s going to be a while before people cut back and part of it, as rates go up and cost of float for transactors become non-zero and as people see that what the actual mix coming in, in transactors versus revolvers and what’s canalization of their own portfolios versus really new, people will than start to adjust and probably cut back some other programs to more reasonable levels.
David Nelms: No. I think that could be implemented fairly quickly and easily. It would -- in fact we’ve had to spend a lot of money and go to a lot of trouble to restrict the normal operation of these things. And so it’s a lot easier to tale that out. And I would say that one of the things we’ve been doing is moving very heavily to digital collections and so that’s less impacted by some of this. But it is definitely hard as so many people are using their cell phones as their primary phone. They don’t have landlines anymore and the fact that we are required to have consent and then the fact that we've had to turn off our auto-dialers has introduced inefficiencies, which is driving up our expenses and it’s also frankly caused some of our customers to not be able to get into payment programs that we may offer or the assistance we can provide to them, help them get back on their feet. So I think it would be a great thing for consumers, if we were able to reach them to help them stay current or get current, and it would be a great think for our operating cost and our collection results. So that would be a positive.
Mark Graf: Sure. So last year, if you think about and we had a very similar situation, where we had it December rate increase. And in Q1 that resulted in about 10 basis points of an improvement in NIM. We actually saw 20 basis points of Q1 improvement last year about 50% of that was due to portfolio mix, the other 50% of it was due to the actual rate move. I think it will be rational to assume that that same 10 basis points plus or minus flowing through from the rate move we saw in December is not out of the realm of rational -- wouldn’t be out of the realm for a rational person to assume, is kind of the way I think about it. As we move on through the year, I think that kind of a cadence would hold, based on the current curve and the current expectations for promotional activity in the portfolio and the current expectations for interest charge offs. Right, so if you think about it the factors that are really going to influence it going forward are going to be, what happens market reach? What happens to the mix in the portfolio, both with transactors as well as with promotional balances? And then obviously charge offs have accrued interest flow through NIM, so that’s a piece of that. And then the other piece that probably kicks in at some point Sanjay and I don’t think I’m smart enough to tell you exactly what it happens, but at some point in time deposit data [ph] will come back into existence. You know these first few rate moves, we haven’t seen, we've seen essentially deposit data [ph] of essentially zero. At some point in time that will creep in a little bit, but I feel really good about the NIM positioning through the year ahead.
Mark Graf: Yeah, I think you’ll see some improvement as you head into 2017, my current though process is we wouldn’t get all the way to the 38% target given the level of investment we're talking about driving this year, but I do think you get to a 39% handle next year, based on where I see the crystal ball right now. Don’t take that as guidance, throughout the year that will change and our expectations there and everything else. But I think it’s a reasonable expectation to have as we sit here at this point in time and we’ll obviously keep you posted as we go through the year. The other think I’d really reinforce to support that is that, a big chunk of this increase in expenses is directly related to aggressive marketing dollars and if we don’t see the returns on that investment that we expect, or if the environment turns on us, we won’t hesitate to pull that back and that would obviously have a positive effect on the near term efficiency ratio.
Mark Graf: And even the rewards isn’t an expense, it shows up as a counter revenue. We kind view that and the expense side as flip side to the same coin. They're both really about driving customer awareness, customer engagement, so we kind view marketing and rewards investments as inner changeable to integrate [ph].
Mark Graf: Yes, David if you think back a few years ago, when we were talking at conferences and on conference calls, we were talking about roughly 50% of loan growth coming from new accounts and roughly 50% coming of the legacy back book. Defining new accounts is on the books three years or less for this purpose. I would say today that mix looks more like, let's call it 75:25, 70:30, something in that range, skewing for the new accounts. So new accounts are a greater portion of the loan growth at this point in time and that does have some effect on the provisioning guidance. That said, I view it as thinking with an intermediate and a longer term mindset, a very positive thing, because in a lend-centric business model the way you compound the value of the business is to actually grow loans. And I think the seasoning of loan growth that comes from new accounts is just a natural function of the business, the attraction of new customers into the franchise and natural funds for the business so. And I think I tried a really emphasize -- I think I really tried to emphasize at the end of it in my comments, that what we see is growth driven provisioning. As we look ahead growth driven credit drivers as we look ahead in the coming year. And not something that reflects any type of [indiscernible] in that credit environment.
Mark Graf: And we very focused on an overall value proposition as opposed to competing on the basis of headline and rate, right. So it's also about ease of redemption, dollar threshold to redeem, we removed all those things. So it's not just about the what's the headliner and it's a thing, you actually use it, right. Then we also have merchant funded rewards as a result to having our own network, that kind of sit in there where we drive some incremental value that's funded by the merchants, [indiscernible] our P&L. So we feel the bias is fully going to be upwards, hence our guidance that we gave. But we feel really good about our ability to compete in that space without chasing headline or rates.
Mark Graf: Yes, it's running right now somewhere 75-25, 70-30 somewhere in that range. I don’t have the exact number at my fingertips, but it's in that general range and as we continue to invest in and drive growth we would expect it to continue to remix slightly toward the new account side of the equation as well.
Mark Graf: I would say, you are correct in the assumption that you had some higher promo rates in the -- prime promo in the mix in the fourth quarter, but it’s really more balanced transferred than cash advance, is what you saw coming in there. Than I would say we pulled back significantly on our balance transfer programs early in last year, it’s part of what pullback our growth rates, because we weren’t finding the right time engagement out of these programs. I think we’ve cracked the code or at least we believe we’ve cracked the code at this point in time to be able to come back into market with a more robust balance transfer offering, but I would say balance transfers are far from the lynch pin associated with the growth strategy we’ve laid out, they're a component of it. But really focusing on merchandise sales, building balances the old fashion way of customers engaging with the card and using products remains the core piece of the puzzle. As a results to NIM, I would say the current level of promotional activity, that is contained in our plan and then we are moving forward with I would say is more robust than what we’ve had years past, but that’s fully contemplated in the NIM guidance that we gave in the earlier thoughts on this call that I provided in response to an earlier question about the trajectory. So I continue to feel very good about the way are our NIM is positioned, to be able to support both our growth initiatives, as well as create further value to our shareholder.
Mark Graf: Yes. We do intend to continue growing the personal loan book as well, I think that’s fair. It is a fixed rate book, but it is a very short duration book. It's somewhere two-three year kind of horizon if you will and we intend to -- well we don’t match fund, loan-by-loan, we do think about our businesses holistically as we fund the balance sheet and I would encourage you to think of us as really kind of match funding. That personal loan book is the way we think about it. So and given the short duration and the correct turn in that book it really doesn’t have a deleterious effect on NIM to any significant degree. So I would say that again is contemplated in the guidance that we’ve got out there. In terms of where the growth is coming from, no it’s not rate driven gain. I would say it's coming from some product enhancements that David alluded to in his earlier comments and I would say, it’s also coming from the fact that we have increased the maximum loan size we're willing to do there modestly, the maximum loan size we are willing to do there modestly at the $35,000 that’s a modest driver as well. But it’s really more the features and benefits and some of the product enhancement that’s been the driver there.
Mark Graf: And with respect to CPAs, what I would say is we’ve seen very, very modest increases in CPAs maybe 1.5%, 2% over the course of the last 12 months let's call it. We are very focused on CPA, we've deemphasized some of the aggregator channels, because we saw some real run there shall we say. So I think in that basis, if you think about a card account when you’re booking it and the long term value that card account, think of it like a NPV [ph] stream and that CPA that you’re booking upfront, the value that -- the net present value of that card account is highly dependent upon what you paid to acquire it. So we are laser focused on CPAs and actively finding ways to drive growth in fashions that doesn’t cause us to make crazy terminal value assumptions to make the NPV [ph] on these card account acquisitions work.
Mark Graf: So I would say, we don’t disclose our CPAs, so I have to be really careful in terms of how I answer it. What I would say is looking at Argus [ph] and certain other data providers, who try and triangulate on us and estimate, I would say, if you exclude sub-prime, where the CPAs are very low, because these are very active credit secrets, right? So exclude sub-prime for second, focus on prime borrowers. The data that I've seen out there anecdotally would say other CPA's are considerably higher than our, but that is anecdotal and I would not encourage you to relay on that.
Mark Graf: So I gave a lot of thought to how to answer this question, because we figured it was coming. I guess what I would say Mark is, your bunny seems to have a pretty good nose. The way I was going to describe it was to say, well last year we describe we expected a slightly higher increase and it ended up being 15 basis points year-over-year. And the way I was proposing to answer this question was to say well modestly higher, probably means slightly higher than slightly higher. So I would say, you're probably in the right relevant range. Somewhere in that neck of the woods is, based on everything we see right now, the right way to be thinking about it. And may be just the tad higher than that. But on balance again, its driven by the seasoning of the growth and not by a deterioration in the fundamental environment for credit that we see out there. 
Mark Graf: Yes, I think you know, last year again we had one of the highest total payouts and I think the highest effective yield amongst the CCAR participants, so we feel very good about the fact that we've been prudent stewards and are driving responsible loan growth and also trying to return excess capital that we don't need as effectively as we can, we have taken up our payout request to the CCAR process every year we've participated in it so far. I think it would be reasonable for one to expect we would not want to break that trend. So I think you should look for us to get more aggressive again this year. We take with great happiness some comments that Governor Tarullo has made over the course of the last several quarters, where he's really talked about differentiating between the GSFVs [ph] and the -- what I'd call the mid-tier CCAR participant in terms of the expectations there and some thoughts around the qualitative process. So I feel really good about what we've done in the past and I think you know we would look to get progressively more aggressive this year as well consistent with prior years.
Mark Graf: There is definitely a seasonal element associated with it. I would say, a big piece of it is what is going on with our 5% rotating categories and what we choose to include in this category. So we choose to include warehouse clubs for example in our fourth quarter program that haven’t historically been in there in the fourth quarter, in the past. So we will make decisions around engaging, the customer to drive the kind of behaviors that build the loan volume that kind of drives the profitability in the long run. So that piece of the puzzle definitely flows through, so you will see variability based on that. The other big drivers really are going to be, obviously, the cash back mash program that we’ve got running on new accounts is a piece that I would say that would be really more consistent -- be more consistent with the growth in new accounts, really just as we have every month another vintage that laps one year in the process and another vintage that's larger than the one that's leaving coming on, because thus far every year the vintage of new accounts has been larger than the ones that preceded it. And then the last driver is really going to be our legacy more card product, when we launched Discover it, all the new account acquisition since that point in time have come on it. So you also have a natural migration in the portfolio. A greater portion being it cards as opposed to more cards and they have a slightly more lucrative reward proposition associated with them. So those were really the drivers. I'd echo David’s comment, the increase in a full year basis this year is about right in line with the increase on a full year basis last year, significantly below the headline earn rates that you're seeing out of others and we like that, we’re choosing to compete on our terms.
Mark Graf: Well, I think that we specifically didn’t update our long-term guidance and I think this has been a struggle for a while, because there were definitely some factors the changed after the card act, after the consolidation, after a number of structural changes in the industry. And we kind of gradually took down that long-term expectation. Frankly, until we see a couple of cycles, we’re not going to really know, and so we’re hesitant to say what well the next cycle brings. But we are seeing this normalization that we’ve been talking about for a while. It is slow and we continue to characterize it as a benign credit environment. And I think as long as unemployment rates stay very low and housing prices improve and the economy does well, you’re going to continue to see below whatever that new peak is. There will be another turn and when it turns, then we’ll see what loss is go to in the industry, I don’t think it will be the previous weeks at all, but you almost have to see it to -- for anyone to really know how it’s going to behave.
Mark Graf: Well I would say that, if there is more room, I mean the private student loan market has become pretty small and I think that’s one reason that number of people exited from it and why there is only a couple of people left in it. And I think to the extent that, that there was a greater role for private lending. I think we would be very well positioned and I think the fact that, I think it’s the round 6% or something of the total market and new loans are private and the other 94% or so are federal. And so it wouldn't take much in the way of federal backing of, to have a dramatically percent increase on the private origination side. And it is a very specialized business, from a credit prospective it's unique, from an operational prospective it's unique, because its distributed through schools with tight controls for it being used for educational expenses. There is a lot of regulations specific to it. And so I think it would be hard -- I think that we would feel really well positioned to take advantage of any possible increase in that market. Which I wouldn’t expect this year but may be in subsequent years. I guess the final thing I would say is we've been investing a lot in the infrastructure, we’re converting to a new system a little later this year in that business, which I think would be very scalable and flexible to be able to take advantage of whatever opportunities may come in future years.
Mark Graf: The simply answer to that question is, no. We’re not building in any expectations there at all. And I think we tend to be a pretty conservative straight shooting bunch. And at the end of the day, I wouldn’t know how to create those expectations that I would feel comfortable laying into a loss forecast. And I think as we get more clarity on some of the proposals that are out there in terms of regulatory reform and everything else, we’ll obviously be reviewing them and looking at them and trying to process where they all outcome together. But I think we need decisively more clarity on where all those things end up before we can rely on them, let's put it that way.
