David W. Nelms: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As Craig mentioned, we are looking forward to our annual financial community briefing tomorrow morning where members of our executive team will take you through some of the exciting developments and opportunities ahead of us at Discover.  After the market closed today, we reported record first quarter net income of $631 million, or $1.18 per share, driven by continued improvements in credit performance, along with solid organic growth in receivables and strong volume growth across all of our networks. In Direct Banking, we continued to deliver good growth in card, private student and personal loans and achieved record profits in our Payment Services business and are continuing to expand our network.  I'm very pleased with our 9% year-over-year loan growth, which reflects $1.6 billion in card loan growth. And in private student and personal loans, we eclipsed $10 billion in receivables. In terms of credit card performance, we achieved 25-year lows for net charge-off rate and 30-plus delinquency rate, demonstrating the quality of our portfolio and the strength of our risk management capabilities.  Before I turn the call over to Mark for some more detail in the financial results, I want to mention some recent developments that augur well for future growth and for continued generation of solid shareholder returns. The first of these was our receipt of the non-objection from the Fed related to our capital plan and proposed capital actions. In connection with that, we announced a new 2-year share repurchase authorization of $2 billion along with our regular quarterly dividend. I do want to remind you that last quarter, we took up the dividend by 67% to its current quarterly level of $0.10 per share, and we will review the dividend level at least on an annual basis.  A second recent development for us on the business side was our announcement of a new long-term agreement with the National Payments Corporation of India, which runs the RuPay network in India. Since its founding in 2009 by a consortium of Indian banks, NPCI has grown its share of ATM process transactions in India to 95%. Our new agreement will enable acceptance of Discover and Diners Club International cards at NPCI's ATMs and, eventually, point-of-sale terminals throughout India. The agreement will also allow RuPay cardholders to utilize the Discover, Diners Club International and PULSE networks for purchases and cash access outside of India. We expect this arrangement will result in increased transaction volume over time. I am very pleased that NPCI recognized Discover as the most flexible network and best partner for the future in one of the fastest-growing, largest potential customer, or countries for payment cards. At our meeting tomorrow, Diane Offereins will have more to say about our global network strategy.  The other very recent announcement that I want to highlight relates to the launch of the first Discover-branded card in the international marketplace by our Diners Club franchise partner in Ecuador. This is an important strategic development because we believe it will allow us to market-test a model that could eventually become a framework for expanding Discover-branded card issuance into additional countries with what to date has been a purely domestic model.  One final recent announcement was earlier today, we announced a new deal with the large network in Puerto Rico, and we're excited to tell you more about that tomorrow as well.  We look forward to meeting with you tomorrow where we will share our model for long-term, profitable growth and the initiatives that will help us to achieve our goals for 2012 and beyond. With that, I'd like to hand it over to Mark Graf to review our first quarter results.
David W. Nelms: Sure. Absolutely, Sanjay. There was a lot in there. I'll try and touch on all of them. Please feel free to catch me if I don't touch all of them. With respect to expectations for card yield, I think we -- we'll be providing some greater detail on that thought during our Investor Day tomorrow, so I don't want to jump the gun too much. But what I would say is we continue to expect to see some continued compression coming primarily from the attrition of some of those higher-rate balances that predate CARD Act. That is continuing at this point in time. But we expect the compression resulting from that, as well as our other activities, to essentially be offset by the funding cost tailwind we've got right now. Actually, on a card yield loan basis, it'll more than offset it, I think. So it's -- that's the right way to think about it, range it in. Again, a little bit more detail tomorrow. And then with respect to the share repurchase thoughts, we are going to give some guidance around our expectations and cadence in terms of how we'll be looking at that going forward during the Investor Day tomorrow as well. So I would encourage you to stay tuned because we'll give you some pretty specific thoughts there.
David W. Nelms: I'd say we are -- continue to focus on higher-margin business and also get some benefits of scale given the fixed cost as we grow that business.
David W. Nelms: Well, Ryan, I would say that we tend to look at it year-over-year to remove the seasonality of that, and we have been outperforming for quite some period of time. Part -- I think I'd start with lower charge-off rates. We're not losing off the top. And we also believe we have higher customer retention of longtime balances. So that really helped. And then obviously, we are very focused on acceptance, as well as our cash rewards program and enhanced marketing. So there's no one piece, but it all adds up to us growing and many of our competitors working to try to get back to 0.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think that -- you'll recall that this is a 2-step process. We have to first sign the issuers and then there's new routing rules that go in place in April. PULSE recently announced that we signed 129 issuers last year, which we feel good about, and so we feel good about where we stand on that first step. But I think that there are a lot of -- there's a lot of changes going on in the industry right now, so we're going to have to monitor that carefully over the coming months, too.
David W. Nelms: I wouldn't say that I've seen any dramatic change in trend over the last quarter. We continue to see sales growing obviously faster than loans. But consumers are continuing to expand spending, but they've kind of finished their deleveraging process, and I don't see them certainly expanding dramatically their debt at a greater pace. So I think it's a slow, steady increase. I personally expect the industry to eventually return to growth at about GDP growth, and I think that's going to be more driven by sales than by future rates or balance transfers, which was the other part of your question. I haven't seen a big change on that.
David W. Nelms: Well, you saw our spend growth year-over-year will be pretty stable this last quarter as well as the quarter before. I don't -- a lot of this increase in gas prices really happened towards the end of the quarter, so I wouldn't say there was anything that really -- I don't think that was a huge driver. And frankly, I -- during the quarter, we saw a lot of continuation of the trend that I've seen and that we've seen in previous 2 quarters with gradual improvement across multiple spending categories.
David W. Nelms: Yes. A good amount of -- probably the majority of this -- of our spend increase tends to be from existing customers. We are putting on new customers at a somewhat higher rate, but I wouldn't say dramatically so. So I think we're seeing a pretty balanced improvement across categories, across current and new customers, and obviously, still focused more on the better-credit-quality, higher-FICO-score customers, if you will. I mean, that's one place I will see a little more robustness.
David W. Nelms: Recoveries. I'm sorry. Sorry, I was thinking about your second one. A big part of it is just our recovery. Our total inventory of the charge-off dollars is still very significant from the last few years. And I think that as some people go back to work or have a desire to repay some of the loans, I think we've been pleasantly surprised by some of that debt over the last few years that is at least partially repaid. I wouldn't point you to any specific pocket or strategy. Maybe Jim will be able to shed a little more light on it tomorrow. But I will say the big factor is just large inventories on which we're parking. Mark, on the second one.
David W. Nelms: I would say that the larger improvements on credit quality have probably come from more of the base. And we've seen maybe less dramatic of an improvement on the newest vintages originated in the last few years. But we are still seeing some improvements even on those new vintages. And it's probably partly related on us refining our models and maybe partly environmentally, things are starting to improve a bit more.
David W. Nelms: Yes, Bobby, I think it's a good question and a difficult one to answer because I think we're in new territory at this point. We used to say 5% to 6% losses in credit cards over the cycle, and I think that there's been enough structural changes in the industry between deleveraging, consolidated industry. You just don't have all the sub-prime players out there that used to have an impact on everyone. Even the CARD Act had a certain impact on it. And so -- and I think even consumer behavior has actually taken a shift after coming through this cycle. Consumers are more cautious, and that will show up in lower losses over time. So if I had to guess, I would say eventually we're going to see more like 4% to 5% being kind of a range of normalization. And I think it's going to maybe take longer than we might have expected to get there. Mark originally -- earlier today, he said, "Look, over the next 12 months, we're not going to -- we're not really seeing any signs." I mean, we're seeing signs of maybe approaching a bottom, but you saw both our delinquencies and charge-off rates this quarter still improve." So it indicates we're not quite at the bottom yet, but we should be getting close. And so -- but I wouldn't see anything that would dramatically take it up, and I would say it's probably going to be a while before we -- if it's going to go back to 4% or 5%, it's going to be a while, we think.
David W. Nelms: It'll -- what I would say is that if we can find expansion areas where we can still get prime credit performance, we would certainly seek to expand our criteria in those areas. I think we don't have the appetite to kind of go sub-prime, if you will. But certainly, some of the changes we're seeing suggest that there may be -- may indeed be some sales where we could approve someone that will -- in fact our -- that prime credit performance that we're looking for. But we're -- as you know from our reputation and results, we're going to be cautious on this.
David W. Nelms: I think last year, we said that we were targeting $1 billion-plus of organic growth, and I'd say we're on track to achieve that.
David W. Nelms: Well, we said for this year. But certainly, what I would expect is that this business, we may be able to ramp up by even a little bit more over time. But we do think it's $1 billion-plus kind of a year business for us -- growth.
David W. Nelms: Well, just one thing quickly. And I don't know, you may have asked student and personal loans before, and the $1 billion-plus is just personal -- just student loans, and then personal loans will be something greater than that. In terms of the dischargeability in bankruptcy, it -- there's not -- I don't expect anything to happen real quickly, if at all, in this area. But if it did, it would depend on exactly how. Is it immediately dischargeable? So when someone graduates and they haven't even had time to start making money, they could walk away? Or would it be after 5 years they could be dischargeable? So I think the precise way it happened would matter. But I'd also say we have relatively low losses in this. So it -- I don't think -- I think it will certainly change how we think about pricing going forward, but I don't think it would totally undermine the business model. Certainly, the fact that most of our loans are cosigned, I think, gives us some protection from anything too dramatic.
David W. Nelms: Recoveries is a very broad focus. And so for -- and one of the reasons that we tend to have high -- our recoveries have held up is that unlike many of our competitors, we haven't sold things. And so within recoveries, for instance, are people who went through Chapter 13 bankruptcy and signed up for a prepayment plan. And then that's somewhat of an annuity that lasts for many years after that. Many of our competitors sold that off in past years, especially as losses peaked. We didn't sell any. And so you get a whole variety of these, and some of these could be loans from quite some time ago that have been on a regular repayment plan but are counted as recoveries because we wrote them off. It could be 5 years-plus ago.
David W. Nelms: I think it's a tough one to answer. There's -- we do think that some of our competitors are probably, in our view, spending reward dollars at unsustainably high levels. And -- but they're -- if you look back over time, the history, is that people have tended to put up reward programs, find out that they're kind of expensive and then back off and devalue. And a number of competitors have done that. Our approach has been to have a sustainable program that gives great value to consumers, and -- but is still -- is also affordable by us.
David W. Nelms: Well, I think, I mean, it's been operational since summer's -- last summer, so I wouldn't say it's totally in development. But I -- it also is continuing to gain experience, and we're continuing to gain experience with the CFPV [ph]. And all I could say is that we look to have a very constructive dialogue. And our understanding is that they want to factually based. And if that's how things proceed, we think we've got good facts. So we'll just have constructive dialogue with them.
David W. Nelms: I'd say that the repayments and delinquencies and charge-offs are pretty in line with our expectations.
David W. Nelms: Thanks, Hilda. I just want to thank all of you for your questions and your attention this evening, and we are really excited about tomorrow morning's meeting and look forward to either seeing all of you in person or, if not, then certainly on the webcast. So thanks, and have a good evening.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, our current outlook would lead us to conclude that we don't expect to see a turn in credit performance in the forward 12-month period of time. So yes, Ryan, you're correctly reading what we're saying in that we expect any reserve build going forward to be directly related to growth in the loan book itself.
R. Mark Graf: No, there was no gain on that. And the remaining portion in the held-for-sale was around $700 million.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I wouldn't say -- if you look at the other, other expense line, Mark, there's a number of different pieces moving around in there. One is clearly year-over-year. You have the full integration of the Student Loan or the continued integration of student loan business and significant increased expenses related to that, as well as some increases related to some of the new business initiatives that we'll be talking about pretty extensively at our Investor Day tomorrow. The other thing, obviously, that shows up in other, other is the litigation reserve. And I would say it's -- that a meaningful portion of the year-over-year increase in that other, other piece is due to reserves related to litigation and regulatory matters. And I'd point you back to our 10-K disclosures on that one. There's a number of litigation matters we're involved in currently and, by policy, we don't tend to talk about them specifically. So I can't really provide any further color. But that's kind of where I take it.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think as we look at the reward expense line item we guided last quarter, we thought it will be somewhat higher this quarter. Indeed it was. I think as we look at where we are right now for the remainder of the year, we think we'll be somewhere in this general range. We've got the ability to be slightly higher possibly, but somewhere around the range where we are right now feels about right to us.
R. Mark Graf: Harit is going to be speaking about that directly in his section during the Investor Day tomorrow, so I don't want to steal his thunder.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, in terms of the yield on the student loan Portfolio, I'd say it came down about 105 basis points year-over-year. That was principally due to the addition of the $2.5 billion in private student loans that we closed on September 30. They came on at a much lower yield, but also a much lower loss expectation than we had in the first acquisition. So that had some impact there. And I would say sequentially, the yield decreased about 46 basis points because you only have the impact of that $2.5 billion acquisition in parts of last -- the last quarter. And so it fully kicked in. You had the full impact of it this quarter.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. I mean, as we look -- as I indicated earlier, as we look at our 12-month forward loss forecast, we continue to be surprised, as the quarter rolls up and a new quarter rolls on, at the fact just the performance continues to look very, very solid going forward. With respect to specifically where we think credit trends look over the course of the cycle, if you will, as opposed to spot at this point in time, Jim Panzarino is going to provide some pretty significant detail around that at our Investor Day tomorrow. I think it's fair to say that -- that it's -- we view it as likely good news, not bad news. Let's put it that way.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, what I would say is we're going to go into that in some detail tomorrow. So I'm unfortunately going to hold my comments on that one and make you wait 12 hours or so for that one. But I think it's fair to say we intend to be very disciplined overall.
R. Mark Graf: I'm not sure we've disclosed to the results, and I don't know legally if the contract allows us to. So I won't go there. But I know there was no gain nor loss of any significance on the sale of those loans.
R. Mark Graf: That will be disclosed by Harit tomorrow. It's a big part of his presentation. We don't want to steal his thunder.
R. Mark Graf: We've actually also been investing very heavily in that area. We've got some what we think are some unique techniques we're utilizing on the collection side. Some of the expense growth you've seen happened toward that part of that business, and we think it's a vindication and validation of that paying off.
