Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Eric. And thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. We had a very good quarter that highlighted the strength of our digital business model and solid execution on our strategic priorities against the backdrop of continued economic improvement. This quarter was characterized by three important events. First, our card receivables grew sequentially in May and June, causing our period end receivables to be up quarter-over-quarter. This outcome, combined with the strength in consumer spending and our account acquisition, increased our confidence for moderate receivables growth this year and stronger growth in 2022. Second, we benefited from a gain in our Payment Services segment. This gain is an outgrowth of a long commercial relationship and underscores our payments ability to forge innovative and lasting partnerships. Lastly, we achieved a historic low in delinquencies, which resulted from consumer's strong liquidity position, our conservative stance on underwriting, and the proactive measures we took into the downturn to protect our credit quality. This outcome also supported our reserve release this quarter. Turning to the quarter's results. We earned $1.7 billion after tax or $5.55 per share. These results include a $729 million one-time gain. But even excluding this gain, our results were very strong at $3.73 per share. The drivers of the quarter's strong results reflect the combination of our solid execution and supportive macro conditions.
Roger Hochschild: And in terms of the mix by FICO band, it's pretty broad. Certainly, the higher FICO SKU transactor. So you'll have a higher payment rate in some of the mid-FICOs you've seen revolvers turn transactor. But again, to John's point, we do expect it gradually to normalize.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Thanks, Sanjay. You know, as we've discussed in the past, the card business is always competitive. There was a nice little lull last year, that we were able to take advantage of and pick-up even more market share. But I think this is returning to more normal, maybe a little heightened, but more normal level of competition. You're seeing new products out there, increased marketing spend. But as I look at our value proposition, cost per accounts we're achieving and the returns, I feel very, very good about the marketing spend we're putting out there and what we're generating for it.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So in terms of our buy now, pay later strategy, there are really two parts. The Sezzle investment is really being driven by the payment side. And that's similar to the investment we made in Marqeta a while back. Our set of network assets are very useful for many fin-techs, in terms of just an easier way to process payments and connect to merchants in a wide variety of forms. So I'd say that's the core of what we're doing with Sezzle. We also believe that potentially, overtime, there may be opportunities on the banking side. So in terms of our providing lending, not necessarily with Sezzle, but in the buy now, pay later space more broadly. And again, leveraging what we can do with unsecured lending and our direct merchant relationships. But I'd say, we haven't announced anything on the lending side of buy now, pay later at this time.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. And in terms of buy now, pay later, there are many sort of different things we could do. Clearly, going direct with the merchant relationships we have is one option we could work with  overtime. But, we don't have anything specific to share at this time.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. It is a major source of investment for us. And I would say that the scarcest asset there is talent, as opposed to technology dollars. And then part of it is just making sure you're investing to monetize the granularity you can pick up with enhanced data and analytics. So looking at the entire martech stack, your personalization abilities, what you can deliver through different channels. So it's a big focus. I think we're probably the only major bank where the Head of Data and Analytics is a direct report to the CEO. And so I think that reflects the importance we see on that. And I feel very good about our level of investment.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. So, all of these investments start with a commercial relationship. We are not venture capitalists, we have no desire to get into that business. But where we have a commercial relationship with a company where we think there's a lot of potential. And there is a way to invest and perhaps extract additional terms, maybe an exclusive arrangement or other commitment, those of the types of opportunities we pursue and they are largely on the payment side and we may even given some of the opportunities we're seeing, accelerate that, although, again, it's going to be relatively modest. In terms of acquisitions, given the valuations, I'm not sure I necessarily see doing acquisitions and this approach around partnership and investment seems to work well. But we will look at it. John and our payments team have a very strong business development effort, and we'll consider acquisitions where it's a capability that will help us monetize our payments assets.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. I mean, I think compound growth is a very challenging measure because it smooths an unbelievable cycle and I don't think any of us would have expected in 2019. So the year-over-year spend growth numbers are unsustainably high for the economy as a whole. The economy is growing above, I think, what economists would say its real level should be. And so you're seeing that pent-up demand from consumers. We expect it to normalize at a strong level, and we look to continue gaining market share given how we're positioned. But I don't think anyone is expecting retail sales to stay up 30% forever.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So I'll cover this one. So the rewards rate over time has been relatively stable. It's increased somewhere between 1 and 3 bps annually. We expect that the 5% programs and the reward structure will continue that trend, while helping us to sustain a strong level of customer loyalty. So we look at that increase, as a natural evolution of a good investment in our customer relationships.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. Good question. So the short answer is that it depends on the economic outlook and the portfolio performance. I would say, to give a kind of view on the marker, when we look at the reserve rate back in, call it, January 1, we're at just over 6%, we're at just over 8% now. That difference is about $1.7 billion of reserves on the current loan book.  So if we have a level of confidence in the economic environment, portfolio continues to be positive. And the work we've done on analytics drive, I'll say, positive credit performance. There is an expectation in a benign environment that we should march back that way. So I think it's premature to say we'll get there. There is a lot of factors that could change. But I look at that day one as a marker for a solid credit environment and a relatively strong performing credit book.
Roger Hochschild: The third quarter is peak season for student loans, but all the marketing is done before they get to campus. Volume was suppressed last year, because for many of our customers, we encourage them to take federal student loans. And then, use our private student loans to top off. And if their expenses were lower, because they're paying tuition, but not paying housing and food, et cetera, that had an impact on our volume. On the other hand, we did benefit last year from a major competitor pulling out of the marketplace. So I would say we're optimistic with kids going back on campus, but this will be a strong year for originations. And that we will continue to gain market share in the student loan product.
Roger Hochschild: No. You should think about it on the Payment segment. So transaction processing revenue and sort of - with payment processing and sort of connectivity to the merchant side. And so that's sort of our first entry into buy now, pay later has been more on the Payment services segment, as opposed to our direct banking side.
Roger Hochschild: Sure. We are very successful in the student card business. I think the student loans help, but also it has to do with the product, the value proposition and some very good marketing. And we see actually great credit performance from students, because contrary to popular belief, a lot of them are very responsible in how they handle their cards. With student loans, I'd start by saying, we think it's a great business, it's profitable. I would say it is operationally complex, but it also gets our brand out there with parents, as well as students when they're making a series of financial decisions. So you know, there are not that many banks that are in it at scale, not that many too that have sort of the product set that we have to be able to leverage those relationships. So it's a key part of our banking strategy.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So I'll start with the back half. The increase in marketing spend is driven really by the opportunity we see. So it is not by the competition. I do expect the cost per account to be modestly higher than, say, 2019 levels. 2020 was extraordinarily good. But part of that has to do with just booking more new accounts. And the marginal ones tend to be more expensive. I do think some of the rewards products out there will not be sustainable long-term. You've seen 2% cash back offers come and go for a very long time, especially when we eventually get to a higher rate environment. So far, balance transfer demand is still a bit suppressed. So we're not seeing the overly long 24 month 0% offers. You are starting to see some of those high spend 4,000 and get 400 type offers from some of the issuers that I think are most aggressive around growth. But again, nothing that I would say we haven't seen before. It tends to be different people at different times. But this is part of the card business and what we're used to competing against.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. So given the excess deposits we had, we really pulled back on the vast majority of our deposit marketing, including that product. But we're very excited about the differentiation having cash back. So we think we're well positioned against the challenger banks, as well as traditional banks. And so we'll continue to ramp it up, probably more so towards the back half of the year and as we get into 2022.
Roger Hochschild: Yeah. We have - and this cuts across past cycles, we haven't seen a link between sort of a refi boom and card payment rates. And so I don't have any expectation that would happen this time.
John Greene: Thank you, Roger. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin with our summary financial results on slide four. As Roger noted, our results this quarter highlighted the strength of our digital model, solid execution on our priorities and continued improvement in the macroeconomic environment. Revenue, net of interest expense, increased 34% from the prior year. Excluding one-time items, revenue was up 9%. Net interest income was up 5% as we continue to benefit from lower funding costs and reduced interest charge-offs, reflecting strong credit performance. This was partially offset by a 4% decline in average receivables from the prior year levels. Excluding one-time items, non-interest income increased 29%, driven by the higher - by higher net debt count and interchange revenue due to strong sales volume. The provision for credit losses decreased $2 billion from the prior year, mainly due to a $321 million reserve release in the current quarter compared to a $1.3 billion reserve build in the prior year, an improvement in the economic and ongoing credit strength were the primary drivers of the release. Net charge-offs decreased 41% or $311 million from the prior year.
John Greene: Okay, great. Yeah. I'll take the call. I’ll take the question, John. Thanks for that. So, payment rates are, frankly, at a record high. So if you looked at our trust data, you can see that in June they came in at about 29%, and that's - frankly, that's an all time high, at least as far as back as 2005. So what we're seeing when we look at the portfolio, now the portfolio, the trends are similar, but the overall payment rates a bit lower. What we're seeing is a couple of factors. So, one is a deceleration of the growth in payment rate. And second, we formed our expectation on the second half of the year based on all of the government programs that are out there and most - the most significant ones are expiring or have expired by the end of the third quarter. So we expect that, coupled with the strong economic activity and lower savings rate that we're observing, to result in a moderate decrease in the payment rate certainly in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, it could be flat to maybe even up a mild bit. But overall, our sense is that we've approached the peak of this and it's going to begin to tail out - tail off.
John Greene: Yeah. So I'll touch upon it. So, you know, the net interest income will follow loan growth. But as you know, in the fourth quarter, the build on loan balance is skewed towards the last two months of the quarter. So net interest margin is what I'll say the trajectory is changing in a positive direction, given the sequential loan growth we saw from first quarter to second quarter. But again, it's going to be in the single digits, lower single digits, is general expectation.
John Greene: Okay. All right, Ryan. Thanks. So the Marqeta gain was something that when we looked at the plan for the year, we didn't, frankly, envision that, that opportunity would turn out quite the way it did. So, certainly a nice outcome. You know, the spend that we're seeing isn't - is dictated based on that size of the Marqeta gain, but more about the broad economic opportunity that we're seeing right now to be able to drive positive growth. So frankly, we'll be spending at this level with or without the Marqueta gain. The kind of the lock-up, those points are disclosed in the S-1, so you can reference that and get real specificity on it. And then finally, in terms of the expenses and are they one-time in nature. So within the presentation itself, we highlighted kind of three items that were significant. So one was the bonus accrual unrelated to Marqeta again and more broadly a reflection of what's happening in the business and the outcomes we're seeing here in terms of generating positive returns. The other item there was the Diners intangible, which we took the opportunity based on what we see as a change in the cash flows in Diners to fully impair that and took a $92 million write-off. And then the third item was a $30 million software write-off. So all those are part of our normal, I'll say, hygiene factors. So the last two items were you know, what I would consider relatively one-off, and I wouldn't include those in the kind of operating cash flows going forward. But as you're trying to get a sense for overall spend in 2021, we talked about accelerating marketing expense. So the way I would think about marketing specifically is that we anticipate it to return to 2019 levels, which would indicate a material acceleration in the second half of the year, which, again, is tied to the fact that we're seeing good origination opportunities to drive growth and long-term profitability.
John Greene: All right. So I'll hit the capital point real quick. And then we'll flip it over to Roger to handle it back, second part of that question, the second part of that second question, I should say. So the capital plan was based on a couple of different factors. So one, we want to be prudent in our distributions of capital and make sure that we - organic - that we allocate our capital to organic growth opportunities and then buybacks and dividends and then acquisitions as they appear, so that hasn't changed whatsoever.  The planning in terms of capital overall is that we are committed to add 10.5%. As we look at the impacts of the CECL capital relief transition, that's about 200 basis points. And then in the first quarter of next year towards the end of this year, as we review the outlook for 2022 with our Board, we'll make recommendations with a couple of points in mind. The overall economic opportunity, the SEB and where we are with that, and there's plenty of room there. And then, finally, approaching the 10.5.
John Greene: Yeah. Mark, thanks for the question. So when we approach this quarter, certainly, the economic data was improving. The portfolio is performing extremely well. And the charge-off trajectory, you know, we revised our guidance and now believe it will be below the prior year. So all of those are very, very positive from a reserving standpoint. We did put a bit of caution in the kind of reserve numbers, as a result of the various government programs that are out there. So if you think about the eviction moratoriums, foreclosure moratoriums, various payment deferral programs and then the massive amount of government transfer payments that hit the economy, we felt like that those contributed to driving delinquencies and charge-offs below historical norms for our customer base. So under CECL, we reserve for life of loan. And accordingly, we were waiting for those programs to run their course and the cash flows to kind of feed through the economy and impact our customers. And then be able to make, you know, call it, a deeper change to the reserve levels. So as I said earlier, most of those programs ran their course in the third quarter. We obviously have the child care tax, there's a child tax credit. We don't expect that to be an impact. So in the fourth quarter, we should begin to see more data that would allow us to take a different look at reserves and then into 2022, certainly. Our expectation is that the credit environment is very positive from a growth standpoint and accordingly, we'll make reserves that kind of align with that.
John Greene: So, we have some investments, yes. We try to get in early and build out the commercial relationship, as Roger alluded to. And we're hopeful that the combination of working with quality companies and developing deeper commercial relationships will help those folks to be profitable and help us drive business in our payments area, while giving us an option value for that investment. So, one would hope that there's more. But at this point, it would be way premature to speculate.
John Greene: We've been successfully marketing cash award against travel rewards, and every other type of card out there for decades. So I wouldn't get too caught up in sort of the shift away from frequent flyer miles in 2020. I think it points to sort of the stability and structure of our program that we didn't have to make a series of changes. We focus on continuously enhancing it. A lot of people don't focus as much as we do on redemption. So, the ability to redeem at point-of-sale at, Amazon through our partner PayPal. So we are confident that we can compete with the travel rewards programs. A lot of the miles cards really target the super prime transactors, which isn't ours, it's much more a lend-focused model. We've got a very good miles card ourselves that we market. But again, I feel really good that our rewards can compete against anyone out there.
John Greene: 2022 is still about six months away, five to six months away. So we're working on it right now. I'll tell you this, I'm positive in terms of how the business is positioned. And what we can expect from a topline standpoint, as well as credit and expense. So those factors, I feel very good about, but to get into a level of specificity at this point, it's probably a bit early.
John Greene: I'll start with that one. I think it will take a while to normalize. There is a good amount of pent-up demand, but also pent-up liquidity in the form of the savings that have built-up, as well as just the open to buy that people have on their cards from sort of month-after-month of pretty high payment rate. So I think that will provide some support. On the other hand, a huge amount of uncertainty in terms of what will happen with the Delta variant and other factors that can drive the economy. So we feel like, we're well positioned, but unclear what the back half of the year will bring. In terms of what we're seeing so far this month, I would say travel continues to be constructive, but overall, not necessarily accelerating, but spend levels staying very strong.
John Greene: Yeah. So when we did day one, we looked at through the cycle of use. So what essentially that means is, we didn't look at the trough of delinquencies and charge-offs, nor did we look at peak. So to extremely oversimplify it, a bit of averaging with the help of a bunch of data scientists. So that day one is a, call it, a normalized view of the credit environment.
