David W. Nelms: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before the market opened, we reported quarterly earnings of $627 million or $1.21 per share, driven by continued improvements in credit, robust loan growth and share repurchases. During the quarter, we generated a return on equity of 28% and returned approximately $400 million of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Before I further discuss our third quarter, let me first acknowledge that during the past week, we entered into a consent order with the FDIC and CFPB regarding the previously disclosed matters related to the telephone marketing practices of certain credit protection products. We agreed to provide refunds of approximately $200 million to cardholders who bought the products from December 2007 to August 2011 and to enhance our marketing practices. We will also pay an additional $14 million in civil monetary penalties. I am pleased that this settlement has been concluded. All of us at Discover are committed to doing the right thing for our customers. Now let's talk about our third quarter performance. We achieved strong growth over the prior year as revenues were up 10% and total receivables grew 9%. Credit quality continued to improve for our card business, which, once again, realized historic lows for the over 30-day delinquency and principal charge-off rates. Another achievement during the quarter was an all-time high level of active merchants generating Discover Card sales, a direct consequence of our acceptance and awareness initiatives. Discover year-over-year sales growth moderated somewhat over the prior quarter, in line with the movements in lower consumer confidence. August, however, was the strongest month in the quarter, and one thing I am particularly pleased with is that at a time when revolving debt for the industry is roughly flat over last year, we grew our card receivables by 4%. We also continued to grow private student and personal loans, which we expect will offer similar normalized returns to card. In addition to growing our loan portfolio, we are executing on our strategy to be the leading direct banking and payments company with the launch of Discover Home Loans in June. Acquiring the assets of Home Loan Center from Tree.com allowed us to enter the mortgage business with a low-cost acquisition and an originate and sell model. During the first 100 days after launch, we originated approximately $1 billion in mortgages through this platform. Our payments business continues to leverage existing assets in unique ways and build upon acceptance achievements. We have created momentum and established ourselves as a flexible partner in the evolving payments landscape. For instance, in the U.S., we will bring PayPal to the physical point-of-sale at millions of merchant locations currently accepting Discover. Over the next few quarters, we will be working hard to accommodate PayPal's launch. On the international front, Diners Club added Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, which is the largest Chinese credit card issuer, as a franchisee. Also, we've recently extended our existing relationship with Russian Standard Bank, the largest Russian credit card issuer, which will now issue and promote Discover-branded cards in Russia. This is the second Discover card agreement outside of the U.S. We are pleased with our results this quarter, particularly with the momentum we have created through our new payments and direct banking initiatives, as well as our card sales and receivables growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark.
David W. Nelms: Well, Sanjay, we've been talking for quite some time about our strategy in the payments area to be the most flexible and best partner for a number of other players. And you've seen us execute that strategy with a number of foreign networks over -- ranging from the Japanese, Chinese, Koreans, to open up our network to their cardholder base and to provide full acceptance across the U.S. for them. And so one way to think about this is PayPal is entirely consistent with that. It is different because they have a huge customer base and they are very big online and they're uniquely focused and uniquely positioned. So there won't be -- I don't think there will be any deal exactly like this one because no one else is positioned as uniquely, and in some cases, as well as PayPal because, to some degree, a lot of people are talking about wallets these days and getting into it, but they've been in it a long time. They've enhanced it and they've got a huge customer base, huge volume online. We're opening up the offline to them and doing it in a way that is backward-compatible with existing terminals and future-ready for all the new technologies that will be deployed at point of sale. So I expect us to continue executing that strategy. We're very focused and excited about PayPal. But we will also continue to do different kinds of deals with multiple other parties over time.
David W. Nelms: Well, I'd say the loan and sales growth were pretty close to each other, and that is different than the last few years when, generally, sales has outpaced loan growth. I would say it could be partly a sign that the deleveraging trend that we've seen may have run its course and there may be less of a difference between sales and loan growth over time, which is not necessarily a bad thing given that most of the income in cards does come from loans versus sales. And the other thing I would say is there's a lot of things besides just sales that go into the loan growth. And as an example, this very low level of charge-off rate that we're experiencing means it helps support the loan growth beyond what it would be in a time of higher charge-offs and payment rates impact as do promotional rates balances.
David W. Nelms: Yes. We generally do that, as you know, at investor day, and we'd expect to update it there. I would just say that our promotional balances, in total, are slightly up from the prior quarter, but not meaningfully so.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that there's no doubt that ROAs that we are achieving are well above what our model target is and frankly, above what most competitors, we believe, are at. And so I think over time, as both charge-offs, credit and as well as cost of funds normalize, you would expect ROAs to come back to more normal levels. That -- and certainly, the competition remains robust in the card business. I don't see a big change, getting more or less. It's a competitive business. But that being said, it doesn't appear to me that there's going to be any real near-term change, and I think that ROAs, we believe, are likely to remain elevated for, potentially, quite some time.
David W. Nelms: This is such a scaled business that it is -- I think it's hard to be competitive and offer all the services, to be cost-competitive, to provide the level of services, the product features. I think that what we see is very robust competition from the handful of players who have enough scale to be huge players in this business. And so those are the kinds of players that I'm focused on and that we run across every day in the marketplace.
David W. Nelms: Yes, well, I guess, doing Diners first. There was an FX impact, and certainly, some of the situations in Europe have not been helpful. And frankly, we've announced a number of new deals in China and Russia and other places that we're quite excited about, but those will take some time to bear fruit. So we -- I don't think that we're going to see a big upturn in Diners Club until some of those things really start to kick in and we get past, hopefully, some of the headwinds that we see right now. In terms of PULSE, I think that I'm just very pleased with the execution. I think it's pretty consistent with more of how PULSE has executed the last several years. Really, since we bought PULSE, they've managed to gain share in a very competitive environment. I think in terms of Durbin, it's really too early to tell exactly whether that's going to be helpful or hurtful, frankly, given some of VISA's actions that we've been on record that we're concerned about and that the DOJ is looking into.
David W. Nelms: We obviously wouldn't go into the details of our -- of a confidential deal. But I would say, generally, we would expect to earn revenues based on volume, just like almost any network deal one could imagine. I'd probably leave it at that.
David W. Nelms: I would say that I haven't seen a meaningful change on the credit side. And I think in terms of the marketing budgets and marketing levels, I think it may be slightly less robust this year than it was last year, when some of the players had some significant reserve releases and it looked to me like we saw some -- just a huge recovery in direct mail volumes, as an example. And I've seen evidence that some competitors may be moderating a little bit in that. But generally, it remains robust competition, and I'm pleased that we're able to gain market share, particularly in loans, despite that competition.
David W. Nelms: Well, we think we're #3 globally, and I think increasingly people look at us not just as a domestic but as a true global option. And while the PayPal deal starts off as a domestic deal, we're hopeful that, that will actually morph into a global acceptance deal that we certainly would be willing to offer both PayPal and others that option. We're already doing that with a lot of people. Some of those net-to-net deals that I talked about earlier, like with the Koreans or the Indian one we've done, are in fact opening up our global acceptance network. And we have made some very significant investments to strengthen our acceptance and really have made big changes in places like the U.K. or other markets. And so we're very proud of where -- our momentum, as well as our how we are viewed as a -- as really the alternative to the standard kind of deals out there globally.
David W. Nelms: I would say we are very pleased with our early results from Discover it. It is quite innovative and one of the most different kinds of products across all phases, not just features and service, but the look and feel of the card itself, the delivery. And I'm optimistic that we'll be in a position to consider rolling that out next year.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say the thing that we most hope is that it will have a good effect on our ability to grow accounts and ultimately, sales and receivables, more than anything.
David W. Nelms: Yes. I would say September, so far, looks a whole lot more like August than it did the first 2 months in terms of being better year-over-year.
David W. Nelms: I would say -- it's David -- that I'm a little surprised that you would have seen a difference in 1 quarter. I mean we did a significant securitization during this quarter, so it might have just been some movement in the trust date, as opposed to the overall portfolio as, generally, I would expect a fair amount of stability from quarter-to-quarter. And I would kind of ...
David W. Nelms: Okay. Well, we could follow up with you specifically on that. But I'd say just generally, we have been a prime card issuer, and we are not making any significant moves, either on credit lines or credit quality. We're always enhancing, fine-tuning. If we find prime people that we can give more lines to, we would do so, but nothing dramatic.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that we are continuing to try to grow the number of new accounts that we put on and that tends to -- those tend to come with a pretty high percentage of promotional balances initially. So I think it'd probably be mainly reflective of that.
David W. Nelms: Well, you'd have to ask PayPal their objectives precisely. But I can say our part in it is to open up our acceptance network and assets to what is a -- has become a very significant customer base that they have developed over time.
David W. Nelms: Well, as I mentioned, we did about $1 billion in the first 100 days. I think it's too early to talk about a ramp. We -- this was the first quarter. And I would say that obviously, refinance volumes, in particular, are extremely robust, and the business is benefiting from that. I think the important thing for us to get to improve our profitability is actually more on the cost side. There's obviously a good number of integration expenses. We are changing the marketing from -- to much more cross-selling and using the Discover brand versus lead management. And it will take quite some time to get the cost structure down, independent of volume production and that's what we'll tend to -- that's what we're mainly focused on in terms of profitability.
David W. Nelms: Yes, and Mike, you can see the net interest and fee charge-offs in the supplement now. We pegged that a few quarters ago, so you can kind of see the decrease.
David W. Nelms: Well, I would say that especially early on, we would expect a fair amount of the business to be cross-sell. We have -- about 1/4 of the U.S. households have a Discover card, a Discover relationship, and so that would be the natural place to start to deliver the same kind of value and service to the mortgage origination business as we've done elsewhere. And I would think about it not as an -- not so much as an adjunct to the card, but as an important pillar in our direct banking strategy. Mortgages are obviously the largest single consumer loan that -- category. And so as we continue on our journey to be the best direct bank, mortgages, along with credit cards and other products, will be important to fulfilling that vision of extending the Discover brand and capabilities to these other products. In terms of dotting the Is, crossing the Ts, controls and having modest growth aspirations is very important. Obviously, we looked for 2 years-plus before we pulled the trigger on this particular acquisition, and what we liked was the operation and the foundation on which to build. And that was critically important to us to make sure that everything was second to none in the industry in terms of doing everything by the book.
David W. Nelms: I think it will be a gradual. I mean, if you look at -- if you go to discover.com now, what you see is we've added mortgages, we've got student loans, personal loans, credit cards, money markets and CDs with the bank. And so as we've added each product, we've been expanding the banking suite, if you will, and I think what we've been really pleased with is the fact that while we're still mostly known as a credit card, it's starting to shift. Consumers increasingly are realizing that Discover can actually save them money and provide better value on a whole range of banking products, and so we're going to continue that journey.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, Ryan. It's Mark. I guess what I would say is we do continue to market the products, but the best guidance I can give you at this point in time is we continue to expect that line item, as you well noted, to decline over time. We're still working through a number of things in that consent order, and until all that's finalized, it's really hard to give you more definitive outlook.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would say we can see a path to an elevated margin beyond just the next quarter or so. I'm a little reticent to say it keeps getting better forever and ever because there can be shocks to the funding environment that change things. And at some point in time, credit will actually turn on us, and these interest charge-offs won't continue to decline at the rate they have. But at this point in time, Ryan, I guess what I would say is clearly the margin can remain elevated beyond the end of the year. Exactly how much longer, candidly, remains to be seen.
R. Mark Graf: Sanjay, it's Mark. With respect to the rewards situation, I would say we're the leader in the cash rewards space in terms of market share, and we will continue to reinvest in our product as you might expect a leader to do to not only protect, but to enhance that position. In terms of the net interchange revenue line item that you noted, I think that's probably a pretty good way to think about things and about one of the metrics we use to look at things. I would say any of the enhancements we make, we look at the NPV of those enhancements to the products to make sure that they're in the best interest of shareholders over the long haul with all the puts and takes. And I would expect that, that 1% guidance would result in that net interchange line being roughly flat going forward. It may bounce a basis point or 2 here or there due to some fluctuations in the market or in the actual product offerings quarter-over-quarter, but that's probably a pretty good metric to keep your eye on.
R. Mark Graf: We are -- I just have to jump in and say we are -- obviously, we view ourselves as responsible stewards of our shareholders' capital, and we're not going to roll it out if it doesn't make economic sense to roll it out. So we are in the testing phase. It's too early to give you more specific answers to that question until we know more where this is all shaking out.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think -- this is Mark. I guess what I'd say in respect to that is just preface the comment by reminding everybody, not that you need a reminding, but I just feel I have to do it, that we now have to get any capital actions approved on an annual basis, if you will, as part of the CCAR capital process with the Federal Reserve. But with that as the backdrop, I think they have sent a pretty clear signal that 30% dividend payout ratios are kind of the maximum that they're looking at in terms of dividends. We are well below that and see meaningful room to increase our dividend over time. I would say that the repurchases would make up the remainder. We clearly don't have any intention of continuing to run at a 14% Tier 1 common ratio over the long haul. And I think we've got $1.2 billion remaining under that current repurchase authorization. I think we've kind of provided guidance earlier that we'd expect we would use over half of that $2 billion authorization over the remainder of our fiscal year. So I would say that's still probably good guidance at this point in time given where we sit right now, absent anything popping up or changing. But over the long term, as we move forward, I think we are going to continue to look for opportunities to deploy and/or return that capital in our shareholders' best interests.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I think it could be a slightly larger increase than that. I'm not prepared to give really specific numbers at this point in time, but I think it could be somewhat bigger than 8%.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. Just to be abundantly clear though on that front -- thanks, Bill. I just want to remind everybody, we haven't put new accounts into the trust in a long time. So any movement you're seeing in the trust data is reflective of movement of the underlying line size or the credit quality of the folks who've already been in the trust.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would -- this is Mark. I'd point you back to our investor day materials in terms of how we expect that business to perform over the long haul. What you're seeing in the student book specifically is -- the organic student book specifically is the maturation of that portfolio as the loans begin to be coming to the repayment phase. There's also some seasonality going on there because as graduates come out of the deferral process and go into repayment is when you start to see delinquency get reflected a little bit. But all of this is consistent with the way we've modeled the behavior internally in terms of giving a long-term guidance on the way that book is going to perform. So I'd direct you back toward that to really think through how you could model this over the long haul.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, the statistics you're referring to are on the organic student loan book specifically, and they are in line with our expectations.
R. Mark Graf: Yes, I would -- your assessment is indeed correct. The vast majority of the increase in other income was related to the introduction of the Discover Home Loans to the marketplace this quarter. I would tell you, again, as we come up the curve in the business and given our usual prudent approach to things, we're not going to jam the pedal to the floorboards anytime soon to try and dominate the industry in the next 3 months. But I would say -- if you wanted just a little peek under the tent, I would say that the business was net contributory this past quarter, but not by very much.
R. Mark Graf: Yes. On the net interest margin side of the equation, clearly, I would say a part of it is due to the lower net interest charge-offs. I would say funding is driving a bigger piece.
R. Mark Graf: And then in terms of PayPal, you would -- PayPal will be setting their pricing, and I'm not sure you should even think about it as comparison with something else. I mean, it is going to be PayPal pricing. So my guess is they're not going to be disclosing that until next year at launch, but you could ask them.
