Roger Hochschild: Thanks, Craig. And thanks to our listeners for joining today's call. I'll begin by reviewing the highlights and key performance metrics for the full year. Then turn the call over to John to review fourth quarter results as well as our guidance elements for 2020.2019 was another very good year for Discover with net income of $3 billion after tax or $9.8 per share, and a healthy return on equity of 26%. These results reflect our business model that brings together the positive attributes of high return consumer lending and direct banking with the benefits and long-term potential of owning our own global network. Our robust returns allowed us flexibility to return excess capital to our shareholders, while continuing to make important investments in the Discover brands' advanced technology and expanding our acceptance globally. These investments have further strengthened our competitive position in 2019, and set us up for continued strong returns in 2020 and beyond.Looking at some of the specifics. Total loans grew 6%, in line with our expectations. And credit performance was also on target, as we benefited from the continued strength of the U.S. consumer and ongoing advances in our risk management and servicing capability. We achieved a robust net interest margin of 10.41%, and operating expenses remained in our targeted range. The economists are forecasting continued growth in the economic environment in 2020. However, given the unprecedented duration of the economic expansion, we will manage credit with that in mind.We continue to invest in our global payments business in 2019, focusing on expanding acceptance by adding network partners and relationships with acquirers in key markets like the UK, New Zealand, France and Spain. Our payment services segment generated 24% increase in pretax income, primarily driven by strong volume gains from our PULSE business. The team at PULSE had a great year, adding volume from acquirers and both existing and new issuers.Turning Slide 4, we had solid loan growth in all our products, with total loans and card loans both up 6%. In our card business, the majority of this growth was in higher yielding merchandise balances as opposed to promotional activity, reflecting strong card member engagement. We continue to introduce features and service enhancements that are relevant to customers and prospects, including for example, leveraging merchant partnerships to provide even greater value to our partners.We also had a good year in our student lending business, with organic receivables up 9%. Loan growth is benefiting from increased awareness of the Discover brand, enhancements through acquisition models and improvements in the conversion process. We continue to benefit from our strong position as the second largest provider for private student loans.Our personal loan portfolio grew 3% in 2019, a touch above our expectations. Our investments in analytics and modeling have had a significant impact on our personal loan credit performance, enabling us to increase originations, while maintaining an acceptable level of credit risk.Turning to Slide 5, credit performed very well in 2019 and was in line with our expectations. The seasoning of loans from recent vintages was the primary driver as the impact of normalization in the consumer credit industry continues to abate. As I said earlier, we feel good about the underlying economic and credit trends as we enter 2020, and we'll have more to say about overall credit environment when we discuss fourth quarter performance and 2020 guidance later in the call.Before I turn the call over to John, I want to wrap up by saying how excited I am about our prospects for continuing to create value for Discover's customers, team members and shareholders. We finished 2019 on very solid footing, generating outstanding returns by combining solid loan growth and effective credit risk management. I'll now ask John to discuss our financial results in more detail.
Roger Hochschild: And maybe just to build on what John said in terms of the payback. Some will be more immediate, so drive our car continued strong loan growth but others, we expect multiyear returns. And as you think more broadly about our expenses, I'd say it's sort of a dual story of efficiency but then also investments. And so the vast majority of the expense lines are close to flat year-over-year, as John and I look across the P&L. We're looking for our efficiencies in terms of our marketing expenses, so our CPAs that we're targeting across the different products. But we are investing significantly around building the brand and also building brand awareness of some of our non-card products, as well as some investments in technology that we think will be very helpful in driving growth in the future.
Roger Hochschild: And maybe just to build on that. There has been a lot of noise around this, and so that's part of why we decided to add the disclosures to help provide you more information and kind of give us more insight into the way we see it. You know a better way to classify it might be, not just TDRs but customers who have ever been in a TDR. And so the growth, really some of them, will have returned to prime will be getting line increases et cetera and are well into the book. It just happens to be the way we account for these is once a TDR always a TDR. So that's why we think these new disclosures that you see in the K will be very helpful.
Roger Hochschild: And to build on that from our discussions with regulators, I wouldn't interpret the phase-in as just delaying the pain. The Fed has indicated to us that it's designed to give them time to see how CECL is impacting different financial institutions, and that actually they feel like the amounts of loss of absorption in the system currently, i. e. pre-CECL, which is capital plus provision, is appropriate. So we'll see how that comes out. But again, I wouldn't just necessarily view it as something that's going to phase-in and that's that.
Roger Hochschild: I would not predict what the Fed is going to do. I can just say what I've heard directly from them, which is they feel like pre-CECL the lost absorption is right for the system as a whole and that the phase-in is not just spread it out overtime, that actually gives them time to figure out what they want to do. So I'd say, all we have to stay tuned.
Roger Hochschild: Actually, it sound like you're asking for long-term guidance. No, again, as I said earlier, we're not giving guidance beyond next year. But I did want to make it clear that you shouldn't necessarily take that as a run rate number. And we do believe, to the point John made, as efficient as our model is compared to the rest of the financial services industry, we believe there's further efficiencies to be gained by deploying some of these advances in technology. So we're not also saying that you can just continue to print the number for 2020.
Roger Hochschild: I think it’s a very good point, Moshe. We don't manage the business to an efficiency ratio. We manage our expenses to be as efficient as possible. But then also look to invest and drive growth, but some of those too really is the entire expense base and drive the calculation of efficiency ratio. But to the extent we see opportunities to make investments to drive accelerated growth and we feel good about the payback, as John talked about, we will do that and communicate that as appropriate. But I think your points are good one, you don’t honestly just manage the business to an efficiency ratio.
Roger Hochschild: So the investment in brand there two parts, right. Part of it is just increasing considering on the card side. You've some more ground building awareness that we offer products other than just cash back, so we put add money behind miles as well. But we do, as we look at consumers out there, there is a gap in terms of both top of tunnel, people who consider Discover and have us top of mind. So that’s why as we think about our marketing mix, we're going to heavy up a bit on top of funnel brand type advertising.There also is an opportunity for our non-core products, in particular some of the deposit products. We've made great strides in terms of the product themselves, went out with no fees across any of our deposit products. But there still are huge amounts of consumers that don't understand, for example, we've even in the student loan business, let alone we are the second largest originator of private students loans and the same holds true with understand that Discover offers the savings account and checking account. So it’s a mix of both of those. Building and enhancing consideration on the card side and building awareness for our non-card products.
Roger Hochschild: So first I'd say it's -- John is new, but you've got the same team that's been here for decades, making the investment. And I think you've seen a lot of discipline from us over the years, whether it's on the credit side or the expense side. It isn't necessarily a trade off where we sort of manage to an expense budget and then sort of if we can generate more efficiencies and that frees up more money for growth, we try and be disciplined and consistent.So our investments in growth are really more driven by the opportunities we see to put our shareholders' money to work to drive good organic growth, with strong return profiles for that. And I mentioned that we expect our unit costs on the investments and the acquisition to be coming down next year. But we do feel like there's an opportunity to put some money to work with a bit of a longer payback on the brand side, in particular sort of top of funnel brand advertising dropping that awareness and consideration and on technology, that reflect some specific decisions we're making for 2020, I would not read into it any change in discipline, or philosophy from the team here at Discover.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, B2B payments have benefited probably so far more in terms of volume than profitability. The margins can be very thin, but we've been clear that we would love to see more of our earnings come from the payments segments, and are very focused on driving that. That can be a multiyear initiative. So I wouldn't necessarily expect something transformational in 2020, but we have a unique collection of payments assets. If you look at PULSE, Diners Club and sort of the fact that we built the third largest global network in terms of acceptance, so the team is very focused on monetizing that. But again, you're talking about a B2B sales cycle and so that will take some time.
Roger Hochschild: So our investments in brand are much more driven by our traditional competitors. And as we're seen those super-high private company valuations appear to come and go. As I think about competition, competition in the card space is always intense. It tends to be rational but you have some large sophisticated players, it's a high-return business. It's challenging but always intensively competitive. So I would view that Apple Card as you can't underestimate anything that Apple does. It's is a new competitor and one I told before formidable, but I don't think it's transforming the overall competitive environment in the cards space.On the deposit side, it's a different decision in terms of who you take a loan from, from who you give your money. And so brand and trust remain key elements of that. I think as you saw from the very strong direct-to-consumer deposit growth we posted, we feel like we have the product set and ability to compete, we really just need to build awareness. And a lot of the focus is on moving deposits from some of the traditional branch based players as opposed to us really going head-to-head with some of these emerging online players.
Roger Hochschild: Ss just to be clear, in terms of collections which we define as prior charge off, 100% of that in house. And so that’s with our own US-based employee, it is very scalable. A lot of our investments have been in the area of analytics, as well as if you think about collections is marketing. We have seen great impact from building out digital collections. There are a lot of people who may not want to talk about the situation therein, but like seeing an office they have online.And so I think collections is an area where you can achieve competitive advantage. So it's been something that -- there hasn't been a change in our investment strategy there, it's been a multiyear journey and we expect to continue. On the recovery side, we do work with third parties. And so to the extent recoveries are more successful, because of the commission structures we will pay more in recovery fees but that usually means there is a net benefit.
Roger Hochschild: And just one thing I will point out, on the recovery side, we do not sell any of our charge-off paper, and haven't for well over 10 years. So you know you do enjoy a stream from those recoveries as opposed to people who would just sell and take the NPV.
Roger Hochschild: In general, that's the plan. We're going to keep that open as the channel. But in terms of our funding stack, that should continue to decrease as an overall percentage of the funding stack as the DTC increases.
Roger Hochschild: I think we feel good about the businesses we're in and our ability to grow that organically. And I think if you look on the banking side, I don't see any gaps in our model that we would need to fill.
Roger Hochschild: I think we feel good about the season of originations we've had. So again, they're a little harder to get market share data, but we certainly thought we held our position as the second largest originator, even in an environment where there were some new entrants. And in terms of kind of who we target and credit, we remain very disciplined.
Roger Hochschild: Yes, I think we highlighted the two areas where we want to call out a significant increase. One was around the brand and advertising, the one the other one was on technology. We did not highlight a significant change in spending. And again, as we look at building our global acceptance, some of it is working with acquirers, some of those are very cost-effective. We built through the network-to-network agreements and that will remain a core part of the strategy.
John Greene: So let me start with day one impact. I think as I said one the last call, my take was team did a fantastic job in terms of modeling and preparing for CECL implementation, and that view still hold very, very strongly. The initial guidance, 55% to 65%, included a number of factors. And as we came through the fourth quarter, we took a look at the modeling, the performance of the portfolio and specifically recovery assumptions. And we ended up revising a recovery assumption that had to do with overall recoveries taking a look at most recent history, which was certainly stellar performance and we moved it back to the middle point of the observable history on recovery. So that was the primary driver of change in day-one.In terms of day-two, I said on my first call third quarter that day-two would be higher. And certainly in the third quarter was higher as we modeled, and that increase had to do with the amount of volume, we put on the books related to our student loan products, which in terms of day-two impact has a significantly higher impact than day-one would under incurred basis.Now, that actually points to some of the volatility that we're seeing in CECL. So as we take a look at all our product and the relative mix throughout the year, I would say a good proxy for day-two would be that range around 75%. So it's slight nuance on the initial message that I provided. But I would also caution that that's a preliminary number and we're working through it. And there's a bunch of dynamics that impact CECL, including the macroeconomic outlook, portfolio performance, mix of products that we're putting on the book in any one quarter and obviously, the delinquency and the rates that we're observing, so a lot to consider there. But I hope I've provided enough specificity to be helpful as you think about how to model this business.
John Greene: Ryan, I'll start and then Roger I'm sure will have a follow up. So I'm going to start with by editorializing a little bit here. So if you look at the efficiency ratio that this company has generated overtime, it's among the lowest in the industry. And then if you also look at the returns in terms of return on equity, we are among the highest in the industry. And one could use those two data points to make a simple argument that perhaps we've under invested over time, given how much -- given the returns that we're generating.So as we put the plan together for 2020, we looked at where it was appropriate to invest, where we thought we'd generate the best long term returns for our shareholders. And there was there was two items specifically. So investments in brand around awareness and consideration and that's a meaningful number to be around $100 million, believe or not. And then also continued investment in our infrastructure to add functionality and ensure it's appropriate from a scale and resiliency standpoint going forward.
John Greene: And then just one follow up comment. So this company has a rich tradition of effectively managing costs and certainly my background, I've had my share of cost management and analytics to ensure we are going to get a payback on these investments. So as Rodger said, some of these are longer-term, some of these are shorter-term. We will continue to monitor and ensure that for every dollar we're spending, we're getting appropriate paybacks for our shareholders.
John Greene: So I've guided around that 75% figure as a sort of poster and anchor as you think about day-two. It's early, as I mentioned in my last comment, Sunjay. So I would say for the year, that's a decent way to think about it, it might be a little higher, might be a little lower. And in terms of quarter-over-quarter, you know the third quarter we originate a lot of student loans and that day-two will certainly exceed the 75% number that I just mentioned. So mix will be an important factor of it. But beyond that, you know I don't know if I'd be doing any one of service by being more specific.
John Greene: No, I think you're definitely in the right direction. So there's a couple of things that I just want to point out. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we assume no Fed rate changes in our planning assumptions. So if that changes, that certainly as it has historically and been a problem from a forecasting standpoint, that would impact NIM. We're also -- I alluded to this in the prepared remarks, in terms of our focus around deposits and increasing the level of overall funding from direct-to-consumer deposits, which are cheaper funding service.I also mentioned that I think there is some over time we will continue to work to see what we can do in terms of the cost of deposits, making sure that we're originated the deposits at an appropriate level that fund the balance sheet towards our longer-term target, but also being very mindful of the cost of funding. So if things went well, there could be a basis point or two on the deposit side. That's your call whether you want to put that into your model. And then in terms of pricing action, the company has been pretty stable, but we will continue to look for opportunities on the pricing side.
John Greene: So for the quarter, we previously said this and it remains consistent that from a TDR standpoint only 5% are more than 90 days delinquent so that's remain consistent, so performance there, no major change. In terms of reserve provisioning, we’re probably not going to break that down on this call. I don't know that it would be super helpful and if I did, it would take the balance of the call, that's kind of walk through the nuances of it. So we will pass on that one if you don’t mind. Sorry, I can't be more specific, John.
John Greene: So let me start off by saying that we have some really solid analytics around our TDRs. And we test populations and once those tests come back and show that indeed cash flows are improving, we'll open it up to certain population. And then we will observe that and then we will adjust accordingly based on any differences we see between test populations and when the TDR specific program is in process. So I'm not really going to talk about what other folks are doing.There also is an approach that we take where we think that, and we've seen real differences in terms of outcomes for our customer base, in terms of helping them work through some difficulty and they end up, some 80% of them end up sticking with us, have their credit lines open backup and continue to be very, very satisfied customers.So what around the edges, we're going to take a look at smaller account and see if the effort to make a TDR is worthwhile based on our beliefs in terms of what's going to happen in those particular populations. But these are good programs. The financial impact is taken as soon as we TDR, they remain in the delinquency buckets that they are in unless they have made three successful payments.So what you're seeing flow through the financials is exactly what you would hope in terms of overall good credit performance and a solid book and TDRs is an approach to work with customers and help cash flow.
John Greene: So I'll take this and maybe Roger will have a comment if that's appropriate. So when the team set up the original target for CET1, they did that with the idea that indeed CECL would be implemented and would impact the overall capital plan for the year 2019 through the first half of 2020. So we are going through our beginning our CCAR work and we're going to make the submission, and we'll get some feedback likely in June. And we'll use that coupled with our overall plan around capital allocation that we'll review with the board to make a determination of what the future dividend payout ratio and buyback programs will look like. I would say this.So as we look at CECL for 2020 and our capital generative business models, we can likely absorb over the short term based in the phase in and long term the impact CECL. Now there's questions regarding our regulators and how CECL will impact the consumer finance industry especially given its pro-cyclical nature and the fact that products with longer lives, such as student loans and certain home equity products and even to a lesser extent personal loans. In a tough economic environment, certain lenders might not look like the profile of that that will impact the availability of credit. I will say this, we like our products under Cecil and under the current FAS5 methodology. So it's based on the cash flow, CECL is not impacting the cash flows. And we like the return profiles that we've generated historically and will in the future.
John Greene: And the other kind of party that will help form this will be the rating agencies. And you know we spend some time with the rating agencies in December, and the view there is at least my take, my personal takeaway is that they're going take a look at equity and reserves as in the aggregate. So I don't see any major implications at least in the short-term there.
John Greene: Yes, I wouldn't worry about straining a bunch of things together. I think we've talked about the TDRs and are adding more disclosures so that hopefully that will help you see them the way we do. In terms of investing in collections, I think that's something that makes a ton of sense just about any time but certainly late cycle. But that's something we've talked about, I think pretty consistently for multiple years there. So if you are trying to spring those data points into a bigger story, I'm not sure that's something I would agree with.
John Greene: I think we've provided guidance for what to expect for 2020. My guess is going beyond that, we'll continue to invest in growth. But I'm also optimistic about our ability to find efficiencies as well, especially leveraging some of those investments on the technology side around robotic process automation, around advanced analytics. So we're not prepared to really give guidance beyond 2020. But you can rest assured we'll be looking to see what we can find on the efficiencies side to help fund investment in growth.
John Greene: So in terms of how we think about our products, we think about them from a cash flow standpoint and risk and return -- on a risk and return basis. And we continue to like all our products, whether we are on an incurred basis or under this new regime CECL, so no change in the thinking there. Now in terms of disclosure, what we've said previously, we continue to be in the same spot that we will provide disclosures that will create transparency between CECL incurred for the next four quarters.
John Greene: So here's how we think about it. So there is the investment in brands to drive awareness and considerations. We haven't actually baked it in but we think that over time will lower our acquisition cost, our per unit acquisition cost as people find greater awareness of Discover, the product offerings, the customer experience and frankly, a fair value exchange, so that is one aspect but that is overtime and to be determined.The other piece around technology investments, we're going to be very judicious about those and with those to make sure that we are deploying functionality that help make a difference to either our growth trajectory or expense profile. So overtime, I would expect that indeed we'll see efficiency gains, either top line or through the expense base. And some of them, as Roger said, longer term some are shorter term, but there's a thorough process to make sure we're getting the banks the buck.
John Greene: No, there's no change in terms of, I'll say customer behaviour. What you're seeing here is frankly, the benefit of frankly some from solid analytics by our collections team in terms of when a customer is experiencing difficulty and helping that customer managed through it. The only process change we've made is it used to be someone has to call in and talk to a rep. For large balances, that continues to be the case. For certain customers who meet certain criterias, they can do it online on their mobile app. And we've tested those populations versus the call in populations and actually the mobile app populations are performing as well or better than when someone talks to a rep.So what you're really seeing here in the growth is a couple of factors; one is that I think there's a difference in reporting versus some competitors; two is, we have done an analytical exercise to make sure we understand paybacks and where to make a difference to cash flows positively and we've will opened those up. So it's a combination of those factors. And we're going to keep doing it as long as they're cash flow positive.
John Greene: In terms of the P&L impact right when you take a TDR, you basically take the net present value of the cash flows and compare it to your balance, and that's the P&L impact. CECL, you basically do the same thing on life of loan losses. So yes, the relative kind of detriment to the P&L if you are growing TDRs is smaller under CECL. But you know that's not how we make decisions here.
John Greene: So in terms of 75% on day-two, it would be relative to what they would on incurred basis. So an incremental 75% versus incurred. Now loan growth will create incrementality versus an incurred basis, just the nature of taking a lifetime loss upfront in a provisioning standpoint.And the team did a really good job in terms of modeling. And you know we feel like we're appropriately reserved. And from a day-one standpoint and going forward, if we're seeing better recoveries through a cycle or are better performance from a overall portfolio standpoint, then we'll adjust. And correspondingly, if we're challenged somewhere we will adjust the other way.
John Greene: So I'm not sure I’m totally clear on the question. But I will try to answer and if I miss, we can come back. So in terms of -- if we're seeing a change in the economy or outlook of the economy, or a change in the performance of our portfolio, or a change in mix, all those will have an impact on the CECL reserves.
John Greene: So it would build for loan growth at that rate. But in terms of relative difference to incurred, it'd be fairly consistent.
John Greene: So actually what that was is if you go back about a year-and-a-half ago, we had some really cheap CDs on the books, and then there was Fed rate actions and more expensive deposits came on the books. And over time if there is no Fed action, you will see favorability come through into the P&L on that. And if you look at...
John Greene: And just adding onto that. So the recoveries are up year-over-year about 28%. So what you're seeing is that that's I think a factor of portfolio but probably more reflective of where we are in the economic cycle and the fact that the consumer strength is probably quite frankly increasing and as wealth distribution is also improving mildly. So not a bad story there on the professional fees whatsoever.
John Greene: So overall charge-offs, I mean we gave the range that's a net , and I think we're pretty comfortable with that as guidance.
John Greene: So in terms of growth, we said organically we had 9% organic growth in student loans, not on originations but loan balance and we provided overall guidance on loan growth, which is inclusive of student loans. So we're not going to get into kind of origination levels, we just don't think that's probably the most helpful information.
