Stephen Hemsley: Yes. So Dan Schumacher, you want to comment. I don’t know if we can get into that level of detail but I think we can add some color.
Stephen Hemsley: So I will have Dan answer that, but that’s quite a question so we will kind of do it in a summarized form
Stephen Hemsley: I think we are very positive on this. We have taken the steps that were necessary and they were the most disruptive and I think at this point forward we are now positioning this business in a way for good long-term sustainable growth, star compliance. And so while we have continued to be working on this, we are very positive about where this base will go.
Stephen Hemsley: So I think you're fine on all those levels. I do think that we have to be attentive to Medicare Advantage funding levels because that has been a pressure point and so forth. But in terms of the things that would be disruptive to the business, Steve, I think those have run the course....
Stephen Hemsley: Yes. We are expecting to track progress in 2015 and build progress from that in '16, '17, '18. So we are committed and see forward progress in stars.
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I will also have the -- so this will be a team response. But, again, this was consistent with how we positioned this right from the beginning that we would observe the first year for the most part and then endeavor to participate. And we will see how we ultimately participate as we go through the balance of this year and get ready for the next year selling season. But the size of the and response of the exchange, we expected growth in it and so forth plays into that thinking and recognition this is going to be an established sector in the healthcare benefits marketplace and that we have to chose to participate at some point of time. It kind of wanted to make sure that we don’t go in too late. So I think, we are thinking this is about the right time.
Stephen Hemsley: I think they are within our range of expectations. You are seeing competitors you might have relied a little bit on the three R protection and as that protection goes away, they have to adjust their pricing. And we are seeing that. So nothing that we have seen to date surprises us or changes the approach that we have taken with our own pricing. We are very comfortable with our pricing and just keep in mind that that pricing is driven not only by our forward view of cost but also, as we have mentioned, we have observed the marketplace. In 2014, we are bringing different products to market in some of these exchanges than we would have traditionally brought. Some more HMO. Much tighter alignment with Optum and some of their programs to help us manage the diseases the health of those members and creating a different -- in some cases a different dynamic with the network.
Stephen Hemsley: And a lot of it is basically implementation on a much more comprehensive revenue cycle, population health, analytics paradigm to change the dynamics in large systems.
Stephen Hemsley: David, it's in line with what we had planned all along. So we always anticipated a more modest participation this year and then ramping in the 2015-2016 time period and that’s exactly how this is playing out.
Stephen Hemsley: I don’t know if we can but obviously just given the size of UnitedHealthcare that it's a meaningful and the in-sourcing. It's a meaningful element there. Dirk, maybe you could comment generally on your balance for the year. I think you may have that available.
Stephen Hemsley: No, I think in general the pattern is consistent year to year. So the relative, kind of 40:60 in terms of the first half through the second half and then the fourth quarter should be stronger than the third. So that pattern holds up.
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, I am not sure I got the second half of that but, no, we would expect that our targeted growth rate which is kind of 13%-16%, that 15% would be in that zone, just given the continued adjustments. But then moving 16%-17% beyond, we clearly are focused on getting back to that zone and see a path to that. But the timing in terms of stepping through '15-'16, that’s what we are navigating right now.
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, I wouldn’t say there are new headwinds, which is a very positive thing to be. And I actually think that we are making real progress on the -- I think this quarter's performance and kind of our outlook. We are making steady progress on the challenges that are in the marketplace for us and everyone else. So I don’t think there are any dynamic elements of that. If I go back to the things that I have parsed through in thinking about that, I would say the Medicaid performance and growth is a nice upside. I think our positioning on Medicare, I see us having made a nice adjustment here and are focused on making sure that we are attuned to kind of the next era of Medicare Advantage and Medicare product progression. We see a nice potential in terms of the international market place and good work that has been done in Amil. We are going to keep a positive posture towards the exchange market place and see that in the kind of same margin range as our, let's say our Medicaid business, at a 3% to 5% range. When you look at Optum and its potential and the opportunity for the collaborative care, local care delivery businesses, the potential of the major relationships. Kind of anchoring relationships for OptumInsight and 360 and the ability to kind of diversify and take a new, maybe broader more progressive approach on the PBM. That really does start to tie in medical costs, diagnostic testing and specialty pharma and so forth. I think that to provides a lot of potential to work with, kind of against the challenges that the ACA set in front of all of us and that we are working through right now. So that what gives us a view that we have a lot of work to do but there is lot to work with.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Justin. This is Dan. With respect to the costs, obviously in the quarter we were very pleased with our medical cost performance. And as Steve mentioned, our underlying cost trends remain very well controlled. We continue to make improvements in our medical cost management and a lot of that, honestly, is in strong partnership with Optum. Whether it be payment integrity, local care delivery, our partnership with OptumRx and so forth. And so as Steve mentioned, on the full year we still expect our cost trend to be in the 6% plus or minus 50 basis range. We would like to expect that to be closer to the lower end of that range. With regards to what's happening in the quarter and our early data, nothing would suggest that we are seeing any kind of surge. So as we look at daily hospital census data, as we look at prior authorization for outpatient and inpatient procedures, pharmacy fulfillment, all of those things wouldn’t point to any sort of surge in the quarter.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Thanks, Peter. So obviously in the first quarter we talked about both our consolidated loss ratio and the implications underneath that our commercial loss ratio would be near the higher end of the range that we had provided at investor day. And as we look at the second quarter in light of that revised expectation, we see things tracking well. So our commercial business is tracking in line with those expectations coming out of the first quarter and we are doing a little bit better in the government business on the care ratio.
Daniel Schumacher: I am not going to share specifically the revenue developments but just to provide a little bit more color on the revenue developments. They are not something that -- they are not uncommon for us, particularly in the second quarter. And so what you are seeing is a combination of finalization of our 2013 Medicare revenue that has pulled through to our 2014 estimates and we also have true-ups in our state based programs. So we have got true-ups obviously related to the industry fee as we get that, as well as normal retroactive rate adjustments. So all of those things are representatives out there.
Daniel Schumacher: Sarah, it's Dan. On the three R's, we have nothing on corridors and risk adjustment and we have very modest reinsurance that’s assumed recovery, that's immaterial.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Chris. Our Q2 spend for hepatitis C was in line with our revised expectations coming out of the first quarter. We will tell you that in the first quarter, our new patient volume peaked in all of our benefits businesses and I think we have got strong controls over the appropriate use. So as we think about the cost related to hepatitis C and its treatment, we have that accounted for and accommodated within our full year trend outlook as well as in our care ratio guidance.
Daniel Schumacher: Hi, Ralph. This is Dan Schumacher. On the seasonality related to high deductible, we continue to make inroads in high deductible offerings. I mean it’s an offering within our portfolio. I wouldn’t say that there is any dramatic shift. I think the normal seasonal progression is what you should expect with regard to commercial and how deductibles play out. With regard to the consolidated loss ratio, our full year guidance was 80.5%, plus or minus 50 basis points and we suggest that that could be near the high-end of the range. And I think that’s exactly how you should think about it.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Good morning, Justin. This is Gail Boudreaux. In terms of your question on Medicare Advantage. First of all, we really alike our position around Medicare and feel that the work that we have done over the past year has put us in a good position. So overall we are looking to grow. We will provide you a lot more detail obviously at our investor conference but we do feel that the work around network product positioning value has put us in a good place and I feel positive about Medicare.
Gail Boudreaux: This is Gail. In terms of your question, a couple of things. Steve mentioned in the comments and I think Jeff reiterated, in the large case market we feel pretty positive about what we are seeing in that marketplace and the momentum we have. You saw we just won the State of Georgia back, which I think is another positive. In terms of in-year switching, we are very pleased with the pieces that we locked in as part of last year and that provides us a nice long-term run rate. So overall, and we see there are some positive emerging dynamics, but again, we are early into this cycle right now so I don’t want to comment for next year but I think it's pretty consistent with what we have said on the last call.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure, good morning, Sarah. Steve -- first let me reiterate what Steve said around the public exchange membership. We have got a very modest footprint there so I wouldn't draw any conclusions from our early experience in that sector. On the Medicaid side as you've seen we've gotten tremendous growth. We're really pleased with it. We did expect to see increases in utilization and we also got higher rate sales for that and it's tracking very much in line with the expectations we had. So overall, I think very much in line and we're, again, extremely pleased by the growth that we are seeing not just across the expansion but new states wins as well as expansion of our current existing membership footprint.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. When the stars were published last year, we had a sense of where our membership was. We have made significant improvements in our group business which will help improve our actual '15 results.
Gail Boudreaux: This is Gail Boudreaux again. The only thing I would add is, getting back to Steve's comments, we have felt it was a good long-term market. What we have been able to observe and learn over the course of the market as we know the existing pricing, we know the network constructs, we know the consumer behavior on what they picked in these different markets. We have a better understanding of the regulatory structure and the distribution cadence. So from those factors, we are looking at the market as an opportunity. And again more than 75% of that market is going to emerge, we feel that those markets that we are looking at now are much established. So that’s the background around our thinking on exchanges but again we have always thought it was part of our strategy and plan, that this is a good long term market.
Jeff Alter: Good morning, Matt. It's Jeff Alter. Really nothing has changed in the pricing environment that we discussed in the first quarter. The pressure remains in mainly New York and a couple of other small group markets. You know I would just remind you that a part of that, or a large part of that 280,000 member loss which related to our individual footprint. We had mentioned in our investor conference that we were going to lose individual business throughout the year because of our pullback in a lot of markets. And I think we are beginning to see changes and some good momentum in other parts of our business, other than those few pressured markets. And as Steve mentioned in his prepared remarks, really encouraged by the national account season and then our win back of the State of Georgia and couple of other larger public sector accounts.
Jeff Alter: Good morning, Scott, it's Jeff Alter. On the first part, there is going to be, as Gail and Steve mentioned earlier, still a large amount of the population that we expect to be in those exchanges, we will call at the end of the cycle and we expect to take a large part of that new business. But just on the existing population. You know there is a lot of leverage around the subsidy and price changes, so as competitors change prices, it does tend to move the subsidy dollars around pretty strongly. So we believe there will some, there will also be shopping even though people don’t have to shop. I think just the natural consumer play at an exchange is going to cause a shopping experience and we feel we could get some part of that membership shift as it goes along. We are obviously not going to comment on the anti-competitive part of anything.
Jeff Alter: Good morning, Ana. It's Jeff Alter. We continue to believe that the employer dumping will be somewhat moderated, it was moderate this year. We are not sure next year is any year that would be much different than this year as these exchanges establish. And I would say, as you are seeing some of the pricing normalize which might take another year or so for that to happen. Just on the pricing interplay between the two markets. They are different markets and we look at them around the population that we are serving in each one of those. When we think about pricing there is no, right now in our thinking there is an arbitrage between those two marketplaces. They are different. There are different consumers served in those marketplaces. And our pricing for small groups is solely predicated on what we believe that risk looks like, what that membership looks like and then our responses to that risk. And that would be the same for the exchanges as well.
