Andrew Witty: Thank you, John. As we look out over the next several years, we, like many others, see a healthcare environment in need of improvements in quality, value, simplification, and consumer responsiveness. While we're a comparatively small part of the $5 trillion US Health System, UnitedHealth Group's strategy is focused on helping to meet those very needs and we're well-positioned to do so. Our focus on understanding opportunities to align incentives, notably led via our value-based care offerings, demonstrates what can be achieved through partnership and realignment of ways of working. Our commitment to improving all we do for consumers stimulates our drive to help bring care to patients, where they need and want it, at prices and with an experience worthy of the 2020s. We have a proven commitment to making available our insights and innovations widely and quickly throughout the market alongside our relentless multi-payer orientation at Optum. We remain committed to partnering with others throughout healthcare to help make the health system more modern and responsive. Our success depends on enabling partners and customers outside our company to succeed. The combination of this strategic design, strengths, and behaviors underpins our high confidence in our ability to navigate the inevitable environmental change and challenge, and it reinforces our confidence in our ability to perform and grow strongly as you have come to expect from us. With that, operator, we'll turn to questions.
Andrew Witty: Yeah, Lisa, thanks so much for the question. Yeah, as we've said a few times and certainly repeated this morning, we've looked at the changes that CMS finalized last year really thoughtfully and we see this as a three-year strategy in response. Obviously, it's phased in over three years. We want to make sure we don't do anything that chases short-term growth, for example, but puts a lot -- puts at risk long-term sustainability. What you're also not going to see from ours is a kind of knee-jerk reaction between growth and margin. We want to be very focused on ensuring that year in, year out, we're a super reliable performer in this environment. As you look at the most recent final rate, I don't think it really changes the story. Obviously, a little disappointing that we don't think CMS really reflected what we've seen over the last year in terms of actual in-market medical trend. But in reality, it's just a little extra pressure for '25 on top of what we'd already seen previously. We're well-positioned for that in terms of all the work we've been doing really from the get go last year. Really from February last year, we've been getting ourselves lined up for this. You're seeing that reflected in Q1 in a few really key features, right? So you're seeing really strong cost control inside the company as you'd absolutely expect us to do, making sure that we're not incurring any expense that we don't need to support our members and patients on the outside of the organization. You saw us take a very thoughtful bid strategy last year, and of course, we continue to focus on how to make sure that we manage medical cost as effectively as possible, ensuring quality of care delivered and avoiding waste. All of that plays through. I'm very, very pleased with how this first quarter has played out in that respect. If you look at the performance of Optum Health and our MA business within UnitedHealthcare, both very strong performance during this quarter despite the pressure that's been incurred on them from the rate notice last year and I think that bodes super well for the rest of this year and the strategy that we've laid out for the next three. Thanks, Lisa. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Josh, thanks so much. I'm going to ask Brian Thompson in a second just to give you a little bit more color on the first part of your question. Listen, I think by the time we got to the end of the quarter, we had the overwhelming majority of what we'd anticipate in receipt -- in terms of claims received into the organization because it's always a little bit tricky to be absolute about that, because you're kind of comparing against what you would have expected, and as you obviously know, every quarter you see corrections both up and down in terms of actual claim submissions catching up with what you may have estimated and that's been obviously the feature of this marketplace. But overall, I would say, UHC claims receipt was very, very close to normal by the time we closed the quarter. But maybe, Brian, you could give a little more color commentary on how you would characterize some of that relief we gave.
Andrew Witty: Brian, thanks so much. And just again to confirm, as you heard from John, we brought those processes back into play in the last few days. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Okay, Justin. Thanks for those questions. Let me -- I'm going to ask John in a second just to go back and again just give you a little bit more definition around the $800 million as you asked. Just in terms of -- and just in terms of cost trend and let me make a couple of comments and ask Brian maybe to go a little deeper as well and then come back to John. As I look at the cost trend this year versus last year, some big differences. So last year, really I think the core of the story of what led to that sort of step shift, if I can put it that way, in early Q2 -- Q2 of last year. I think that was really -- and the hindsight tells us that was really around a kind of post-COVID or end of COVID story playing out in terms of capacity coming on stream most importantly and to some degree of pent-up demand. I actually think the capacity coming on stream was as much an issue driver of that as anything else. So I think to some degree a one-off. We don't see anything like that. We've seen much more stabilization. We haven't seen a step down from that trend. We'd be super clear about that. We haven't seen it kind of go back down again, but we've certainly seen that kind of sustained activity without aggressive acceleration. And then the other thing, I would say to you is, as you would expect, given that shift we saw last year in the intervening year, we've put in a lot of sensing mechanisms across our organization, both in UAC and Optum, to look for early warning signals of changes, quite a low granularity in terms of trying to figure out how this pattern plays out. Now as all our actuaries and any actual will tell you that the gold standard of knowledge on trend is a paid claim, but nonetheless, we've tried to put in place a lot more prospective sensing capability. And again, that's kind of consistent with what we're sharing with you. So we're not really anticipating a big change there. I mean, obviously, the future is the future, but as we sit today, everything looks pretty much as expected. Brian, you may want to give a bit more from a UHC perspective.
Andrew Witty: Yeah, Stephen, thanks so much. So I'm going to ask Roger Connor, who runs Optum Insight to give you a little detail on this. First off, so I just want to -- I just want to take a moment to pay credit to the teams for the speed in which they brought back the overwhelming majority, the functionality of Optum -- of Change Healthcare after the attack. It's been extraordinary example of really the resources of UHG, and frankly, the support of many of the biggest companies across America in the tech environment coming in to help recover from this particular attack, which was straight out an attack on the US Health System, and designed to create maximum damage I think. We've got through that very well in terms of the remediation and the build back to functionality, and Roger, maybe you could share a little bit of what you're seeing and expect in terms of customer dynamics over the next few months.
Andrew Witty: Roger, thanks so much. And I think, Stephen, what you heard in Roger's response there is a couple of really important features of the character of UnitedHealth Group, super high resilience and we will always stand by our customers and clients, and when an attack like this happens, which puts our customers and clients at risk, we will do whatever it takes to make sure they get through that, whether it's technical fixes or financial support, we are going to stand by our clients, who in this case are the providers and the systems across America who look after American patients and we will do that. And I think that means a lot to a lot of people and it's an important capability to have running through the backbone of American healthcare. With that, Stephen, thanks for the question. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Hey, Nathan, thanks so much for the question. Listen, I think you'd probably expect we don't comment on these sorts of matters and I don't think it would be appropriate to do so today, and certainly, we never have done in the past. So it's not something we're going to get into in the call, but I appreciate the interest. Thanks. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Great. Thanks so much. And as you saw, Dan's organization delivered an extraordinary two million member growth in the first quarter, one of the highest growth rates we've seen for many, many years. And I think that really comes down to relentless focus on modernization of service offer and then delivery of that service offer, and I'm very proud of the whole team in the UHC Commercial businesses domestically for what they've done. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Yeah, Lance, thanks so much. And I'm glad you've asked about Optum Health. I'm going to ask Dr. Desai to respond to that. Amar runs our Optum Health business. He has been doing a great job of continuing to mature that business for us, which for me, I think is one of the great headlines of Optum Health. Its continuous maturation as a sophisticated value-based care delivery organization, and Amar, maybe you could respond to Lance's question.
Andrew Witty: Yeah, and I continue to see very interesting diverse pipeline of M&A opportunity across the marketplace in terms of business areas that we have interest in. As I think you see some of the funding changes play out across the -- across the next few years, I suspect that may also create new opportunities for us as different companies assess their positions. I think how we look at this situation is we have a good strong strategy for how we navigate through this dynamic. You're seeing that play out super well in the first quarter performance of Optum Health and UHC and I think it gives us a sense of real confidence as we look not just in terms of our performance, but potentially how we might think about M&A opportunity. And as you rightly said, be somewhat opportunistic if those moments arrive. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Great. Thanks so much, Heather. Just one number Heather just shared with you there, which I'm very pleased of and it's a significant improvement year-over-year is that 75% engagement of the most complex members in Optum Health. And just for that, that means three out of every four most complex, most disadvantaged folks in the country have had a direct engagement with us in the first three months of the year. That's a great rate of touch. Opens the door then for us really getting to know those folks, helping the system, helping bring the system to support that many of these people, particularly those who are trapped in their homes have just not had access to that kind of care opportunity. That engagement is the first step of doing that. We have -- we really believe that is a key to how we not only deliver an effective care delivery from a cost point of view, but also make sure they get the very best quality that they deserve. So really pleased to see that step up year-over-year. I think we have time for one last question. If we could take that question, please, Jennifer.
Andrew Witty: Roger, thanks so much. And yeah, absolutely, Change Healthcare, the important acquisition for the group and I think important for the country that we own Change Healthcare. Without UnitedHealth Group owning Change Healthcare, this attack would likely still have happened and it would have -- it would have left Change Healthcare, I think, extremely challenged to come back because it was a part of UnitedHealth Group, we've been able to bring it back. We're going to bring it back much stronger than it was before. And secondarily, all of the reasons that we were interested in bringing the Change Healthcare capabilities and customer connectivity closer to UnitedHealth Group still absolutely holds fast in terms of the potential innovation around things like real-time settlement, clinical decision support capabilities, all of those products are the future services of the future, which ought to be characteristics of a modern healthcare environment. Those are all the reasons why we believe Change and Health -- and UHG were better together. This cyberattack has unfortunately created another true validation of why that was the right thing to do because it meant UHG was in position to resolve this much more quickly than I think would ever have been imaginable in a standalone situation.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, everybody, for all of your questions this morning. It's been a bit more of a complex quarter for sure this time around, but one that's also showed the depth and breadth of our company's capabilities. We're recovering quickly from the Change Healthcare attack and are a stronger, more capable company as a result. We're continuing to build our business based on the five strategic growth pillars that we're relentlessly focused on, and we're steadfastly confident in our ability to achieve our 13% to 16% long-term growth objective as we look to the years ahead. We very much appreciate all of your time and attention this morning. Thank you.
John Rex: Yeah, good morning, A.J. Yeah, so picking up on comment Andrew had made earlier, so what you're really doing there is estimating what you didn't see. So claims receipts that you may have not received in the quarter and trying to make an accommodation for that, as you said, a prudent accommodation for that. Just to acknowledge, that there clearly had to be some disruption in the quarter in claims patterns and so you're trying to make some estimation in that zone to anticipate that. So you need to put it somewhere in the zone, it's not zero and it's not 800, somewhere in between, probably as you think about those elements and where you might -- where you might land and so as we look out. And you should expect that we'll probably continue with a judicious view over this, over the next several quarters actually also. We want to make sure that we've got full visibility into this that the claims are flowing and as we sit here on April 16th, it does. We see at UHC. We see a fairly normal claims receipts and payments flows going on at this point, but we really want to be careful on that because we know there are certain care providers out there that may have been left out a bit, and so we'll continue to be very judicious next quarter also in terms of assessing that.
John Rex: Yeah, Justin, good morning. So I think the way you look at it, so overall the net view being, so we didn't let any earnings or medical care ratio impacting development flow-through into the quarter. And when you look at it, so you can come at it, as to the normative course of assessments would have indicated some potential for favorable development in the quarter. We would -- we took a position also that there was likelihood that there were claims we didn't receive. And so in terms of the claims completion factors and such and so how that may have impacted and so you're really netting that all off in the course of the quarter to try to just normalize that out, not having any impact from any of those -- from those elements, and taking a pretty prudent view of where you might be in terms of the claims you received. In terms of your question here on the Q2 MCR, at this distance, I put it in a similar zip code to 1Q, including similar impact from the cyber effects that we had also, and as I noted in response to A.J.'s question, we'll be continued to be very judicious as we look at those patterns also on claims receipts. So we'll continue with the judicious view of how we think about -- how we think about development and those impacts as we step out here in the next couple of quarters to make sure we're getting our claims receipt timings fully incurred here.
John Rex: Good morning, Kevin. So as we sit here today on April 16th, I would say, UHC is pretty much back to normal levels in terms of claim submission activity. We view it as normalized now. That we're seeing claims slowing like they -- we'd expect them to be flowing and moving along. So that's all progressing quite well, which assists a lot with the piece that you were just describing here in terms of where we think that is and as we move forward and look over the next month plus to finalize our bid submissions and such. So feel good about that in terms of our visibility and insights.
John Rex: Yeah. So I don't know if I'd kind of go right with some of those stats that you pulled out in terms of where those fell, but here's some insights I can offer on that. So, one of the elements we wanted to break out on the IBNR component is, so, as you know, what we report on the balance sheet you received this morning, medical costs payable is a combination of IBNR and medical claims payable. And so we're hoping to provide some more transparency for you as you looked at the quarter and such, and a $3 billion increase in IBNR is significant. And then offsetting that on the -- on that line item would have been the -- really the funding advances. The component where we just made sure that as soon as the claim was in-house processed, we were speeding it out-the-door to get it to providers. That was one of the components in addition to the interest-free loans we made that we were helping the provider community -- the provider community with. As you talked -- as you discussed kind of where we were, let's say, today, we feel that UnitedHealthcare is essentially at normalized levels in terms of -- in terms of claims receipts. As we sit here, we're going to be super prudent in how we look at that because we know there are providers out there that could still be having trouble submitting claims, and still having troubles with payment flows and such, and so we're going to be very appropriately constrained in how we think about that dynamic playing out here over the next -- over the next couple of quarters. But really, those are the kind of mechanics of what's going on between the IBNR component that you spotlighted and the full line of medical costs payable.
John Rex: Yeah, Erin. Yeah, we didn't update any of those components here. We continue to take a very balanced view in terms of how we think about our opportunities. You saw, certainly, that we had activity in the quarter from -- in terms of both share repurchase and dividends. Also, we continue with robust opportunities in the marketplace in terms of other capabilities that we are looking at. So that all continues strong. So you'll see us continue to balance those out nicely in terms of -- in terms of the opportunities that are out there and with capacities really to approach all those elements strongly.
John Rex: Yeah. Ann, good morning. So the components that I would call outliers are the similar components that we've talked about for a while here in terms of trend outlooks. So in particular, still go back to outpatient care for senior, what we've seen in orthopedic, cardiac, those kind of categories primarily have been the big factors. I think you brought up a really important point though. So the percentage growth in those was much bigger last year. You're coming off an environment where both the supply side had been constrained and the willingness of seniors, in particular, consumers to access that environment had been constrained for a couple of years. So those percentage factors were quite significant. You heard us talk about very significant levels on those double-digit levels of last year as we looked at those. The way we look at those really though is because you would expect that to start normalizing in terms of the percentage change. So you really look at that in terms of the number of units consumed per patient served. And so you look at those levels, that's what we're talking about and we're seeing those kind of continuing at those levels. They're continuing at those levels in terms of the number of units consumed, delivered, and -- but those percentage levels, of course, would start normalizing out a little bit in terms of what you'd seen. So that continues to be the area. It's outpatient care for seniors. It's those categories that we'd call real outlier areas versus our historical levels of trend factors. The other -- the other historical levels of trend factors remain much closer to kind of our traditional views that we've always had as a company. In the quarter, other things you look at just to get indications, and by the way, we kind of vastly expanded all those areas. First fills, you've heard us talk about that a lot. Also, first fills in the quarter, an indication of outpatient care, physician visit activity, it's kind of normalized in there also in terms of stabilizing for us and many -- the many other factors of the company historically looked at. Thank you.
