Stephen Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. At our investor conference, we offered a sense of the growing innovation and entrepreneurial activity in our company and the restless drive, our team has to grow and improve performance. On the customer side, we are committed to further elevating satisfaction for consumers, care providers and all our stakeholders to levels more often seen outside our industries to better meet the increasing expectations people and society have for healthcare. When our net promoters scores reflect people being staunch advocates for our products and businesses because of the way we make their simpler and the value we provide as they define and experience it as consumers and customers will be on the path creating truly distinctive and substantial growth and brand equity. We believe a differentiated brand and reputation will drive accelerated growth in market share for our businesses for years to come. Our goal for serving you as investors in 2016 is simple. We are committed to delivering clean, strong results this year back by a growing pipeline of opportunities for 2017 and beyond. We expect distinguish revenue growth, earnings and cash flow in 2016 that continued to reflect the diversity, breath and overall strength of our enterprise and the valuable businesses we are building. Thank you for your interest today. And operator, can we take some question this morning. One per analyst, please. Thank you.
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, you do. And it’s really just purely updating and I think Dan Schumacher can take you through that.
Stephen Hemsley: So, and I think the last time we talked, we talked about our individual exchange compliant being about 700,000 of that 1.2 million you’ve referenced. As we closed out the year, that came in at about 650,000 lines and then we’ll expect that to grow as we step into January and then it will start to shrink again over the course of the year as some of those enrollment, and will these trade out.
Stephen Hemsley: And that we just say is kind of an overarching flats and our goal is in this area is to be careful conservative and to make sure that we really capture all this, so that we really do have the rest ‘16. Next question please.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. It is good growth as Dave indicated, but Steve Nelson can really respond to that and it is a very positive story.
Stephen Hemsley: That is quite an impressive single question A.J. so we’ll break that up into pieces and we’ll start with Austin on Medicaid.
Stephen Hemsley: That pressure is covered in our guidance. We basically observe that in our guidance given the strength of the start of the year. Next question, please.
Stephen Hemsley: And I might point out that, this is what we are providing, we are being careful in terms of making sure that we’ve covered this off. These are not losses that we are sustaining these are but we have protected ourselves against in terms of ‘16.
Stephen Hemsley: Well you know Peter, those are projected numbers. We would think that we could perform even more strongly. So I think that by just isolating that against a beginning of the year range may not be a fair comparison in comparing your 16 to 12. Actually as we take a look across our spectrum of businesses, we really don’t see any of these businesses in a position that they are actually, I would say they are all stronger than they were as we - compared to this time last year as we entered clearly across the board in Optum. The strength of the portfolio from one end to the other has advanced. And in terms of UnitedHealthcare, I think all those businesses have strengthen the - and I think are positioning on the exchange has strengthen. So I think my view on this is that is a pretty positive outlook.
Stephen Hemsley: No, I am not sure you can, it might be - take that one element and then project against estimated earnings range as we go out, we could be even stronger than that.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. I think we’ll Larry kind of give you some sense of the growth of momentum there and then respond to that specific question.
Stephen Hemsley: Yeah, I wouldn’t comment any further in - any further detail about the specifics of any conversation with any State.
Stephen Hemsley: So, let me comment on the pipeline overall which I think is very strong. You know States continue to move and look to managed care as solutions for their healthcare needs and that movement continues as States have really embraced this. I think that activity, in fact I think we expect to respond to over 20 RFPs this year that will be implemented in ‘16, ‘17 and on into ‘18. So again when I say the pipeline is strong, it’s very strong. That’s heavily weighted towards more complex population, so that’s really what you are talking about when you speak to LTSS and the movement of those complex populations from fee for service and to managed Medicaid, we’ve got one of the largest books business, in that space we’ve got a very long history at dealing with these very vulnerable people and delivering real value to those individual, so - as well as value to the States. So I think we feel and Dave mentioned it in the opening comments, I think uniquely positioned between UnitedHealthcare and Optum to really serve these populations and help them live healthier lives year-over-year and deliver value back to the States and the process. So I think our outlook for that continued movement even within States where we’re already providing traditional tenant population managed care to continue grew into those complex populations.
Stephen Hemsley: Dave will touch on beginning of that and then we’ll get into the share buyback, invest, et cetera as part two.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. We’ll let Dan comment on the first on the first and then Jeff also kind of speak to the business in ‘16.
Stephen Hemsley: Pretty positive and so many we’ll just take two more questions and then as you know John and Brett will available through the course of the day for the - for questions and any other areas of interest. So maybe two more questions, please.
Stephen Hemsley: And on in terms of ICD10, maybe we’ll go real quick to UnitedHealthcare as it relates to them and then flip to Optum and talk about more broadly the industry and what we are seeing.
Stephen Hemsley: In terms of OptumInsight, sure, I always - we believe we have an extremely strong product line that were offering that’s increasing productivity and results and I’ll ask John Prince to comment on that.
Stephen Hemsley: Well that is an excellent list, I am not sure I could have done better myself. You know I just think it is the 19th of January, I think we should be careful in terms of how we discussing our results, we have to truly work through the balance of our exchange, we do think we have reserve for it and consider that appropriately into our ‘16 numbers. And as I said it’s the 19th of January and I think that we should you know more forward thoughtfully and prudently in our business. So I think those are the factors. In terms of headwinds, I think we said before we have less than before but we clearly have to play out the year and that’s what we intend to do. I think our focus is to really deliver a very clean, strong financial year to the market place to continue advance our business, continue to innovate, you know continue diversify across both the platform of UnitedHealthcare and Optum and kind of that’s our focus. I think we are always endower to try to perform better, but I think our guidance right now is very appropriate range and I am assuming you’ve taken some of the input in terms of how the quarters might play out from our commentary in our teleconference. So I think we’ll end up with that. And once again I’ll thank you joining us today and I’ll leave with few closing thoughts kind of as businesses, Optum and UnitedHealthcare, we think really advanced their capabilities significantly in 2015 and UnitedHealth Group’s revenues and operating earnings grew significantly as cash flows increased as we talked about over 20% and our dividend has increased and we will certainly address that in the middle of the year as our custom. UnitedHealthcare served more than 1.7 million people domestically growing virtually in every market that we serve and Optum grew its revenues by 42% and its backlog by more than 20%. In 2016, we expect to continue and accelerate this grow trend and carried into 2017 and beyond. We intend to further differentiate our products, our services by focusing on consistently high quality in everything we do and creating real value for customers and consumers on their terms. We remained committed to delivering clean, strong financial result as I said for our shareholders this year with a growing pipeline of future opportunities. So we appreciate your interest today. This concludes our call and as I said John and Brett will be available through the course of the day. We thank you for your attention. Thank you.
Dan Schumacher: So, you are right. We did increase our loss expectations for 2016. And when it came to really as we closed out the year, we took - we took a prudent past year on the ‘15 impact and then we carried that through to 2016 outlook and then we adjusted further for a little higher enrollment expectation for 2016, so those are the elements that played into the increase in both the ‘15 impact and the assumed losses for ‘16 in the individual exchange compliant plan offerings. And then with regard to the Medicaid potion, that’s simple, just a function of a higher enrollment expectation as the number of carries was reduced from four down to three. But when you put that all together in total as we close the year, it was about a $100 million of impact beyond what our guidance had assumed from December and -
Dan Schumacher: So our base business, the vast majority of our business performed exceptionally well and we delivered fully in line with the expectations as we closed out ‘15. And then as we look to ‘16, we’ve incorporated that again fully into our outlook as we reaffirm out guidance for ‘16.
Dan Schumacher: Sure, good morning, Andy. So on the exchange enrollment specifically, the 700,000 as Dave mentioned beginning January, we ended the year with just about 500,000 so that jumped up to about 700,000 as of one-one. We’d expect that over the balance of the open enrollment period to grow something underneath about - to about 800,000, something a little sound of that. And then we would expect that to where off as you pace through the year as those members trade out. In terms of the where it’s coming from, I would tell you that the net growth in coming with a greater orientation toward those new states as well as expansion areas but a little bit of mix of both.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. So just to be clear, we ended - we ended the year with 650,000 lives in individual exchange compliant offerings, inside of that 500,000 of them were on exchange. So the balance 150,000 was off exchange. And then as we step into January that exchange component which ended the year about 500 grows to about 700 and then as you move towards the end of the open enrollment period, it grows further up towards 800,000 something sound of that and then works it straight down over the year. The off exchange is more level than what we experience in the on exchange. And then to your last question about mix of enrollment, more than half of the enrollment is new to us and a little less than half of the enrollment is existing enrollment base.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. A.J. it’s Dan Schumacher. On the health insurers tax, you know, we miss if I didn’t mention that, from our perspective obviously the tax just increases the underlying cost of healthcare and as a result makes healthcare less affordable. So as we look at the elimination of it for 2017, we are certainly encouraged by that and frankly we’ve been long support, you know that’s permanent repeal. Now with that said, I’ll tell you in terms of the impact, in Medicaid, we expected to be no impact. In the commercial business because that’s prices on a policy year basis and the tax is living on a calendar year basis. There is no impact over three years but there are some differences by year and we expect it actually be a drag on our 2016 earnings. We’ve estimated that impact to be about a $100 million pretax or about $0.06 earnings per share. And then lastly the Medicare of business, the tax has not been part of the rate setting process previously, so we wouldn’t expect it to be for 2017 either.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. So if you move the premium deficiency reserve and reset the years and look at it, you know on the individual exchange compliant plans within ‘15, we launched about $475 million on the ‘15 policy year. And the ‘16 policy year as Dave Wichmann had mentioned, we’ll lose more than $500 million. So, and we’ve got about a 10% increase in the loss assumption balance against about a 25% to 30% growth assumption in the underlying enrollment base. And the reason that we’re able to do that is to the points that you mentioned, obviously we came in with very strong pricing, you know that mid-double-digits. And further we’ve made some strong refinements to our product portfolio, those are the largest contributors. But beyond that, we’re also working every single data, the tuner operating environment as well as focus our clinical interventions in our network orientation around this population.
Dan Schumacher: No, I think it’s going up because we got enrollment growth and then balanced against that is our pricing, our product positioning, our clinical interventions, our operating environment and then improvements we’re making there.
Dan Schumacher: Good morning, Scott. So where we landed on a policy year basis as we closed our 2014, our policy year losses on the exchanges were in that mid-double-digit rate, mid-teens range that we talked about in the Investor Conference, so 15%, 16%. And if you look at 2016 on a policy year basis, we expect that to moderate some, we’d be into the low-double digits from a margin percentage basis with higher enrollment base, lower percentage margin losses again on those things that I talked about earlier, so the strength of our pricing, the repositioning of our product portfolio and then our management efforts underneath that. So hopefully that provide the sense for what you are looking for and then Jeff on the enrollment.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Ralph, it’s Dan Schumacher. From an ICD10 standpoint, there is really nothing to update from the Investor Conference and my comments there, the reality is we are paying tens of millions of claims in the ICD10 that code set. And as you look inbound volumes, rejection rates, auto adjudication rates, throughputs, ending inventory all the way through that process stream, I would tell you all of that is in line. And so there is nothing getting hung up, nothing getting slow down. In today’s point really around the cash flow, it really comes down to just managing better to contract terms as well have more of our business on common platforms which allows us to do those kinds of offsets.
