Andrew Witty: Thanks, John. As is customary with the close of a third quarter, we will offer early observations about next year. While reserving most of this conversation for our November 29 investor conference. Our businesses are growing and operating well with strong momentum and a keen enterprise focus on executing on our strategic growth priorities. Among a few highlights. The OptumHealth care delivery businesses are rapidly advancing their value-based capacities, expanding the scope and settings of care offered and creating a long runway for growth. And we see our innovative and consistently highly valued Medicare Advantage plans as well positioned to grow strongly again next year. At this distance, we view a majority of the 2023 analyst estimates as reasonably reflecting performance levels we would expect to offer in November with the current consensus at the top end of our likely initial earnings outlook range. And as you have come to expect, we continue to strive toward our long-term 13% to 16% earnings per share growth goal. We look forward to discussing this with you in much greater detail in person at our investor conference in New York. I hope you’re getting a sense of an organization that has long been the case is focused sharply on executing with excellence in all we do, so that we can meet and exceed our commitments to our customers, clinicians, consumers and the communities we serve and, of course, to our employees and to you, our shareholders. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions, one per caller please.
Andrew Witty: So A.J., thanks so much for the question. And obviously, a key aspect of planning for next year that you’re focused on. Just let me make a couple of broader comments and I might just ask Brian Thompson to reflect a little bit more detail on that as well from the UnitedHealthcare perspective. Obviously, for the last couple of years, there has been a lot of focus on the effect of COVID as you think about impacts on medical cost trend. I think as we’ve rolled through this year, honestly, I think it’s become much less about COVID. There is now I think there is a blend of possibly a little bit of COVID effect in the system, but cost of living effects, things like inflation, things like capacity constraints in the system as the labor market tightness has affected different parts of the system at different moments. So I think this whole issue has become actually more complicated in some ways because there is more influences on what you need to think through going forward. With that maybe sort of high-level perspective, maybe, Brian, you might just go a little deeper in terms of how you’ve been translating some of that as you’ve been thoughtful about pricing going forward.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Brian, thanks so much. And I think, A.J., one of the key points, I’m sure you’ll have taken away from what Brian is saying there is, look, there is a degree of – there is some unavoidable pressures in the macro environment that everybody is well aware of but we’re really doing something about that on behalf of our members and our clients and our customers. Our focus is to bring innovation into the marketplace, whether that’s through the way we design plans like surest in UnitedHealthcare, the way we develop the value-based platform in OptumCare, all of which are designed develop to deliver high-quality care at more affordable levels for folks and then to ensure that, that is something that can rely on year after year after year. So a stability of confidence in the healthcare that they can come to expect. So that’s how we’re really viewing this. It’s obviously a dynamic environment, but we’re extremely focused, as you can tell, on making sure we have strong responses to it. Thanks, A.J. And next question please.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Listen, Nathan, thanks for the question. As I said a little earlier, I think a good way to think about this is what has historically been a COVID narrative becomes much more a blended narrative around things like capacity constraints in the system, the cost-of-living folks’ ability to – or desire to access the system right now, which is an area we are working super hard to try and ensure is sustained. Plus, of course, volatility in things like COVID and flu, particularly as you go through Q4, Q1 over the next few months. So I think all of that is essentially in the mix. We’re taking, I think, a reasonably balanced view of how this is going to play out. We’ve seen now for the bulk of this year, a reasonably stable pattern of care utilization across the portfolio. We are taking a normal year view for flu. So we’re not particularly staking ourselves out to say flu is either going to be very low, as we’ve seen in the last couple of years, all very high. We just don’t know. There is really no evidence to support any decision at this point in time. So we’ve taken a very balanced view as we look forward into flu, which, as you well know, can affect Q4 or Q1 differentially year-to-year. And that’s essentially how we’re tackling all of this. We feel very confident about the way we’re planning for the next quarter and particularly as we roll into next year. And obviously, we will course correct as things like flu reveal themselves to us. Thanks for the question. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, Justin. So I’ll ask Tim Spilker and then Tim Noel to comment in a second. Just a couple of kind of introductory thoughts really on your questions, as I said in my prepared comments at the beginning of the call, Justin, redeterminations is a really important potential issue for next year and is something that, as an organization, we are going to – we are really leaning into. We’re very focused on, and that’s because we’re concerned that through a redetermination cycle during ‘23 and ‘24, depending on when the public health emergency comes to an end, could lead to a situation where folks get dislodged from their coverage. And that would be a huge setback in terms of the progress that’s been made over the last many years to extend cover. So we are really focused on how we can ensure that people are retained coverage. Tim will talk in a second around some of the ways in which we feel confident we can help but it is a really important area, and it’s an area where we hope the entire industry and its participants all lean in to make sure that people don’t get lost in the system as things go through a redetermination cycle. So that’s going to be a super important area. Let me ask Tim Spilker to go a little deeper on that and then pass straight to Noel to talk about open enrollment. Go ahead.
Andrew Witty: Hi Stephen, thanks so much for the question. I am going to ask Dan Schumacher to respond to the first part of that question, and then John Rex will pick up the point on the change accretion piece. So Dan, go ahead.
Andrew Witty: I really appreciate that question. As you know, this is an area where we have been building up very substantially over the last couple or 3 years and maybe ask Brian to give you a little bit more detail on that.
Andrew Witty: Kevin, thanks so much for the question. Maybe I will ask Brian to make a couple of comments on that.
Andrew Witty: Dan, thank you very much for that and Lisa, thank you for the question. So, last question, please, operator.
Andrew Witty: Gary, thanks so much for the questions. I mean if you kind of just think about the blend of headwinds, tailwinds for 2023, in terms of headwinds, I would probably say the external environment, the inflationary pressures, obviously, in among that mix. Question on whether or not we see any kind of economic slowdown as you just heard, we are not really seeing that yet in terms of our marketplace, but we have got to be thoughtful about that, and we want to make sure that we go into the year, not assuming anything overly optimistic. It would be great to have pleasant surprises on that dimension, of course, utilization levels, I spent a lot of time on this call talking about that as we start to see that continue to normalize. And then the investments, I mean those are really the four areas of investments in our business and you recited those very nicely. Now on the other side, you think about the tailwinds for the business. Very strong income and momentum for the organization. OptumHealth’s growth in patients served, the evolution of the at-home platform, which has got over the last 2.5 years, 3 years, has moved to a very significant scale, complementing our clinic platform, strong capabilities that we are demonstrating in Medicare Advantage. You look at those really driving tailwinds for the organization, very substantial. The scale of those organizations and what we are able to do very material. And then I would also say our ability to continue to deploy capital effectively in the marketplace is another one of the things to really think about. And it’s interesting, actually, just to pause for a second today and contrast where we are today versus where we were a year ago. So, year-to-date 2021, we have deployed about $5 billion of capital in M&A, which was about the full year number in the end. As of today, we have spent $20 billion in 2022. So, in terms of our ramp-up of capital deployment, and you heard from John Rex earlier, we have very substantial continued capacity. And obviously, the marketplace is getting interesting around that space. We have talked several times to you in the past about the diverse pipeline of opportunities that we see probably as diverse as we have ever seen. Very much opportunities we see across a number of our key growth platforms. And as we all know, the market is beginning to be very discriminating in terms of value. So, we will see how that plays out for us, but I think you have to expect that to be a tailwind for us as well going into next year. With that, Gary, thanks so much for the question. And thanks, everybody, for your time and questions today. We do hope you are taking away the impression of a company confident in its opportunities and ability to grow. Deeply aware of where and how we need to continue to build and improve and fully committed to our mission of helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone. I want to thank you for your attention and we look forward to meeting many of you in person in New York later in the quarter. Thank you.
Brian Thompson: Sure, Andrew. Thank you, and thank you for the question, A.J. Brian Thompson here. As we do look forward, I would say that we have planned and price for our cost trend a little higher than historical norms. And I think to some of the points that Andrew made, some of them are pretty obvious and inevitable. The first just being the reality that 2022 is a lower starting point. In addition to that, contributing is labor and inflationary costs. And just being respectful of what we don’t know, again, probably the pacing of care patterns and how they return to normal, certainly included in that. I would certainly suggest though at the same time, we’re working really hard to manage down the impact of these trends on both our consumers and employers alike. And you mentioned how we’re negotiating with our provider partners. I would say we’ve really seen emergence of value-based arrangements at a faster pace than perhaps historically. So we’re not just seeing unit costs accelerate at a higher rate. And in addition, just more product designs that are meaningfully lowering those price points for end consumers, whether it’s virtually enriched products, we mentioned that a little bit. We’ve talked a lot about surest and how that consumer choice model is really driving not only a lower price point. But first dollar coverage is really emerging as a priority for those folks that we support and serve every day. So those are some elements and dynamics not only in the product side, but how we’re looking to our forward view of costs.
Brian Thompson: Sure Andrew. Thanks for the question, Scott. And we agree totally. We see the exchanges is really emerging as a meaningful place and a broader coverage criteria across this country. And it’s certainly important to us to be more relevant each and every year. In fact, while we are expanding into four new states in 2023, our footprint is expanding meaningfully. I think we are going from around 40% of the addressable market here, leaving 2022 to nearly two-thirds by the end of next year and again – or by the start of next year, I should suggest. So, again, reasons aligned with yours. It’s important that we are where folks are. And as we manage through this redetermination process working not only with our employer partners or distribution partners in our states, but making sure we have product ourselves to make sure that these folks can get enrolled in. And we are encouraged by our progress. We like how we are positioned here, leaving 2022 both from a footprint and receptivity and growth and a performance perspective and looking forward to expanding again in ‘23.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Hi. Thanks for the question, Kevin. Maybe I will start with service type, and it’s really a focus on inpatient, that has been the driver, and it really was the driver last quarter as well. So, when I look at third quarter, it’s largely a repeat of what we saw in the second quarter. Beyond inpatient, some variation, I would say, all other service types to largely near at or even slightly above normal levels. To your question, though, on lines of business, I might just suggest other than inpatient commercial, pretty much at normal care patterns. Medicare is seeing some interesting developments. I would say maybe signs of more durable shifts inside of service, particularly urgent care is a little lower, excuse me, a little higher, but ER is a little lower, and that’s certainly a good trade for the system overall. Outpatient surgeries in Medicare seem to be back to normal. But again, as I had mentioned, inpatient a little bit lower. And again, Medicaid, consistent with the other lines of business, lower in inpatient and physicians starting to trend back. So, again, that’s largely a repeat of what I had suggested last quarter inpatient really being the most notable element inside it.
