Larry Renfro: Thanks, Steve. Optum continues to innovate, to address rising market needs particularly those of larger more sophisticated organization which have complex health, care service deliver and management challenges. Our businesses are producing strong sustainable growth across the board.  Optum's revenues of $19.3 billion, grew 61% year-over-year this quarter. Our results include Catamaran within OptumRx results for the first time and reflect exceptional overall organic revenue growth of 15%. OptumHealth and OptumInsight together grew revenues by more than $1 billion or 25% year-over-year to more than $5 billion this quarter. Third quarter operating margin of 5.9% reflects the increased mix of pharmacy care services revenues as well as integration in intangible amortization costs related to Catamaran. Both OptumHealth and OptumInsight delivered double-digit percentage operating margins in the [indiscernible]. We continue to focus on the opportunities to dramatically elevate value for customers in five large growth markets. Clinical care, pharmacy care services, information and technology solutions, government services, and international. Our one Optum approach means we build strong, strategic and senior enterprise-level relationships that transcend individual product categories and point solutions. We start by listening closely to our clients, so we understand the issues from their perspectives. We then bring deep experience, creativity strategic partnerships in our own differentiated capabilities in healthcare combined with responsive and practical operational solutions. This can lead to working sessions which often lead to pipeline, backlog in revenue and earnings.  Optum360 is a good case in point. It has grown to 7500 employees, serving 1600 hospitals, and is helping manage more than $50 billion of their billings. Just last week, customers surveyed by the Black Book a leading research organization ranked Optum360 offerings as the best in the three key product categories for the sector, and we are still in the early stages as hospitals and health systems shift to professionally managed revenue approaches.  Domestically and in other nations, we are in discussions with high profile healthcare organizations regarding our wide range of technology and information enabled services. We are exploring significant opportunities to serve the healthcare needs of U.S. Federal Government program and talking with prominent healthcare organizations about innovative technology infrastructure and application services and a comprehensive suite of technology enabled payor services. Any one or more of these has potential to develop into a multiyear multibillion-dollar strategic relationship. Across Optum, this type of proactive approach is driving positive results. Third quarter backlog OptumInsight exceeds $10 billion in value and grew 34% year-over-year on an external basis. Our pipeline is continuing to grow at an exceptional rate as well. The median deal size for OptumHealth is doubled over the past three years. We are delivering more care to more people, to the more payors at Optum Care. We now deliver care to more than 7 million people annually through our Optum Care businesses. Market interest in OptumRX continues to grow in response to the value we can drive through more integrated downstream drug benefit and care management efforts, especially around the growing specialty and pharmaceutical segment. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has authorized agencies under its purview to conduct innovative healthcare research with Optum Labs, using Optum Labs big data resources. These indicators should help give you a sense of both our continuing progress and the meaningful opportunities we're developing. We will continue to execute on the details for our clients, with a focus on quality and service and further build our growing reputation for being the trusted partner that gets the job done. We are optimistic about the prospects for Optum in 2016, 2017 and beyond.  Now let me turn it over to Dave.
Larry Renfro: Sure. So I guess somewhat globally, I'd offer that the investments are significant and we have made that clear in the past, and our goal to really get 80% or better of our overall Medicare at four stars and above. There is also benefits associated with that because when you're achieving that level you have flexibility with benefits and the reimbursements are better, so there is a -- and we're probably fund any more of the investments and we're getting the benefits at this point in time given the fact we were somewhat coming from behind if you will in terms of the overall star performance. Dan or Steve, do you want to comment further.
Larry Renfro: Hey, Sheryl. Let me start by saying, if you look to add the way that we're positioning ourselves and -- I think I mentioned this earlier the five, what I'll call future growth area as you'd find international, and you will also find that international pretty much wrap around most of the products that we offer in the state. We obviously are working in Brazil to support a mill, and we have people on the ground, and we're building the Optum presence there, and that's going extremely well. We're starting to really take a look, and I think I can talk about it somewhat at the U.K. We've been there for a while, but at this point time, we're trying to look at some of the things that we've done with Optum360, and how that is working in the States, and a lot of the challenges that are being experienced in the U.K., we seem to be setting a pretty good spot to at least assess and have conversations and try to determine you know if we fit, so it's early innings in terms of these discussions and what we're trying to do, but we do see a future there. And we think that some of the experience we had in healthcare.gov will actually apply, and so we're kind of off and running at this point in time.
Larry Renfro: Maybe I could offer a perspective on that. With a portfolio of margins across the expanse of our total business, and so different products and services will actually drive different margins and appropriately. So we have some businesses that are strong double-digits and we have businesses that are low single-digits and we're looking to drive and expand margin, but do it in appropriate ways -- appropriate ways meaning, we're driving value and consistency, we're driving productivity that doesn't really compromise service and so forth. So as these elements come into our total portfolio across UnitedHealth Group, they are certainly going to change the mix of that margin, but in total, we're driving towards appropriately expanding margins, and so as these elements come in they are just going to change the mix, they are not really going to influence the performance of the business.
Larry Renfro: Christine, I think you're spot on in terms of what we're trying to do with the Federal Government. And as you know, we've had some involvement with CMS in previous programs and so forth with where Optum has been involved on healthcare.gov. And as we are putting our programs together, we're constantly working with them and talking about the different services, the different data analytics, and it really pretty much everything that Optum has to offer. So your suggestion is a good one, one we know about and one that we're actually working on. You know these are large RFPs as you can imagine. We're pretty much aware of how they work and when they're going to be coming down the road, but I think we're fully engaged and understand what we need to do, and we're better positioned today than we might have been in the past because of the situation that we had with healthcare.gov, we kind of stepped out of that now, and that was one of the reasons that we did it, so we would play in more of the RFPs.
Stephen Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. So Larry and Dave had given some sense for why we continue to be optimistic about our potential to deliver value, throughout the broad healthcare system and to grow. You heard some of our touch tones in their comments, relationships, built around for us collaboration and mutual respect for the challenges in delivering healthcare improving it, and making it simpler for the people involved. Innovation, developing products and processes that truly help people solve real problems, and then embedding and driving these ideas to scale quickly to improve the overall system. Quality measured by health consumers, physicians and other customers to find it and feel it. Responsive and compassionate service which goes in hand-in-hand with quality and defines peoples' healthcare experience, our aspiration is to serve others on their terms not ours. Satisfaction and value which together capture how well you bring all these elements together to help people in differentiated ways. We believe executing well on these elements at scale with nearly 200,000 dedicated people pulling in the same direction will make a difference for those we serve and drive distinctive sustaining growth across our enterprise. Thank you for your interest this morning. And now operator, can we now take some questions.
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I don't think we're going to get quite that granular, but I think we can respond to that as kind of in themes and maybe between Dave and Dan.
Stephen Hemsley: But growth in those categories, so growth in government programs, exchanges and so forth, even middle-market tend to come at slightly lower margin, so you're seeing that blend effect in these results.
Stephen Hemsley: And given the look back nature of this market hasn't really seen our best performance in terms stars so we really haven't gotten the benefit part of that yet, Steve.
Stephen Hemsley: I think that would our hope. If you sit back and send a return on investment, I think this is a vital program. We think it has great growth potential in terms of the demographics as well as the orientation of Medicare itself to be more towards Medicare advantage, so this gives us opportunities with respect to benefits and I think it should translate to greater growth and that's why we're making those investments here.
Stephen Hemsley: I think it's fair to say that even the best healthcare systems are interested in using information, developing better measures to improve quality and performance in those really are a sweet spot for Optum. Next question, please.
Stephen Hemsley: As we kind of intimated in our last teleconference with you, we really are not going to comment on the transactions of others. I would say, they're going through, I'm presenting, a regulatory review process, and so we haven't really seen any real activity in the marketplace that we could offer any commentary on.
Stephen Hemsley: I think OptumRx will have integration benefits, but they will also have integration costs, so I think those kinds of things start to play out. I think our Brazil performance is strengthening, but that markets stability is something we're watching closely. I think there will be some -- we are getting nice growth in List and Medicaid and we have some new successes there, but we are going to have to implement them and just given the total performance, we seeing rate pressures across Medicaid. So we try to take somewhat measured look as we kind of set our outlook for next year that we have a portfolio of these pluses and minuses, but in total we very much like where our business is in the growing capabilities. The deployment across the expanse of the markets tend to even out these pluses and minuses, so we're pretty optimistic about next year, and as Dave indicated, we're looking to accelerate our earnings growth rate.
Stephen Hemsley: Because you might point to that and you know continuing to be watchful of that. We continue to make investments in -- so Medicare stars is a look back process, so really the results that you're seeing are really the results of prior periods and we have intensified our efforts to make sure that we are really going to be a market leader with respect to stars, that's what we had indicated before, so we continue to make investments there in things like that, and we're going to continue that. Things like that, we mentioned, Medicaid and Medicaid expansions, continued rate pressures there, so I think we have to be respectful of all those elements in and the strong performance we're achieving, and then I think that's why we're kind of measured with respect to keeping our outlook the same and being serious about a range when we do, but also being very optimistic about where we see our business in the fact that we expect to grow even more strongly than we did this year. So I just think it's being measured and trying to be responsible about all the elements that play into our business
Stephen Hemsley: But Medicare would be a department of the Federal Employee Benefit Plan, State Programs, and then Larry commented on kind of the international versions of all of the above. I think all those are going to the areas that are going to try to improve performance, and that Optum is perfectly positioned for that.
Stephen Hemsley: As we mentioned in the last call, our '16 national account season has progressed very nicely towards the end right now, and we'd see a better '16 season in '15, which was better than '14, so the momentum and trajectory is something that we're very pleased with.
Stephen Hemsley: So thank you. We are pleased to have delivered good performance year-to-date. We'll continue to improve the quality of our products and services as our last commentary. And we remain optimistic about 2016, and look forward to sharing more information with you about the future of UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare at our Investor Conference on December 1. So thank you for your attention today.
Dave Wichmann: Sure. Pete, I think you are right that the cost trend commentary around the commercial cost trend to be on the lower end of the 5.5% to 6.5% range. The MLR is expected to be about the mid-point, and you're right it's because of the impact of spending more on Medicare stars, which is substantive in the quarter as well as for the full year. I think you saw the results of some of our earlier efforts in our 2017 funding year, and what we're really focused on right now is, making sure that we continue to improve upon that, so that the 2018 funding year is at that 80% four star or higher level across the board if not higher. We also have -- as you know, we have gone our government services mix quite a bit in our business, and that is across Medicaid, Medicare as we kind of group in the insurance exchange into that as well, and those things have a tendency based upon based mix to biased that MLR up just a bit as well.
Dave Wichmann: Going forward in 2016, we continue to expect strong growth across all components of the UnitedHealthcare business as well as Optum, influencing the MLR, I think we'll see strikingly better performance on the insurance exchange business, not only because of expansion, but also because improvements in the overall MLR and operating cost structure of that program, so it's about both. I think you'll continue to see strong growth in both Medicare and Medicaid which will put some pressure on that as well, but I would expect this to continue to go nicely in those two categories as well.
Dave Wichmann: Sure. Sarah, you're right that the Catamaran was probably the most significant influence on the care ratio in the quarter. We also had to increase productivity impacts on that as well, and then it's offset somewhat by the business mix as you can see from the growth from Optum as well as in our fee base programs, and there is a little bit of an insurer fee offset as well. We do expect Catamaran overall had pulled down that ratio by somewhere around 180 basis points or so in the quarter, so we would expect that kind of a trend to continue as it relates to Catamaran, but we would continue to expect some offset of that related to continued high growth in our services business over time.
Dave Wichmann: Sure. We look at some things that we sit back and -- when you really do the pluses and minuses of it, some of the things that are headwinds now turned to be tailwinds, and new of versions of them appears headwinds. So for example, I think, our year one market -- for our year one markets for exchanges will actually be a positive for next year, but we are moving them to 11 new markets, and so we will have to see how those markets will play out. I think our advances in stars is a positive, but as Steve indicated, we have clear aspirations, ambitions to improve our stars performance, so that we will continue to be working on that level as well.
Dave Wichmann: So Catamaran contributed nicely to the quarter to achieve what expectations we had for it and similarly the cost associated with initial integration activities were consistent with what our expectations were as well. Maybe I can give you specifics about how it contributed, the one thing that we did do, is we suspended our share repurchase, so that had a negative effect, and for the full year as we indicated earlier, we expect that would cost us about $0.10 a share all in, but we were able to manage to overcome that and retain -- and continue to advance our guidance as well. In terms of the increased levels of amortization, it's about somewhere around $0.20 a year, think about it in that context, and we're on a base of about a run rate of UnitedHealth Group somewhere around $0.34 a year, so combined, maybe thinking after 2016, our run rate basis around $0.54 of amortization for year.
Dave Wichmann: Yeah, we did and we basically very much said that and said that in terms as we're expecting our earnings per share and so forth to grow at a fast rate next year than this year.
Dave Wichmann: I think that some of the areas that Steve just talked about, there is different timing, there is some that's deal within the next, I would six months, but some of them could go out two years, so it's a variety of situations. When the RFPs are [due], but as I would comment on it, I think I kind of said is, we have a lot of people, we don't have an organization, it's dedicated to the government business Dr. Steve said, whether it would be state or federal, and it could also include the VA and what we're doing DoD, so it's not just like a set time that I could give you, but I would say that, if we looked at our qualified pipeline in terms of how we're looking at the business that is somewhere we're staying around $20 billion and a substantial piece of that would fall in the government business.
Dan Schumacher: So, with regard to the exchanges and some of the Dave's earlier comments, so in the first half year, this year, we got industry data that suggested that the underlying use of medical services in that population was high and higher than we thought, and the good news is we use that information as the foundation for our 2016 pricing. So we put in strong price increases. Average increases across the country are in the double-digits, and we also took steps to eliminate some products and reposition other products. So as we look at our exchange business for 2016, that really speaks to Dave's comments about why we expect to see very nice improvement year-over-year. As it relates to our 2015 experience and our own block of business and what we're seeing, in the first half of this year, we did not see much in the way of medical use, so we had much less used as members rolled on for the first four months of the year, and they started to connected to coverage and care and so forth, and we've seen an increase in that, and so why we're calling it out, we called it out in the context of mixed in the second quarter, in the third quarter we're calling it out more specifically because on the year we expect the individual exchange business to put pressure on the consolidated care ratio. However as Dave mentioned, we fully expect to perform within the range of the guidance we provided last December at the Investor Conference.
Dan Schumacher: Josh to your question around, do we expect levels to maintain, yes, we do. We expect to make comfortable investments forward in our stars and quality performance. And as you saw in the '17 payment data, we saw nice progress. In the year, our performance for '15 is improving which will carry forward to improvement in 2018 performance, but beyond the stars outcome, we also have outcomes in terms of quality and performance underneath that, as you look at medical cost and so forth that contribute. So those are some of things living that play in and how we look at the balance between the cost and the return.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. On the buyback front, what we'd indicated is that that would reduce the level of buybacks for about 18 months or so, and we expect to continue to maintain that reduced level through the end of next year, think about it. And our target is to get somewhere around 40% liquidity ratio, that's not hard and fast, of course, we're going to continue to pursue M&A opportunities and of course if we would need to step up our share repurchase activities because of some kind of market events or otherwise, I think we have the flexibility to do so. So there is nothing kind of hard and fast about the way in which we operate that we manage our capital structure effectively over time.
Dan Schumacher: And then in terms of the kind of supplemental [indiscernible] earnings, I think will address that at the Investor Conference coming up and we'll likely begin to provide the supplemental information with respect to how we would perform on both basis. 
Dan Schumacher: We're not really giving guidance out for next year until our Investor Conference, so I really wouldn't want to kind of shoot from the hip on this. We do expect -- we'll grow and we've taken some of the learning from this year as we have kind of entered those markets, but I think we're going to save guidance with respect to specifics on next year for our Investor Conference.
Dan Schumacher: I would tell you that, there are meaningful differences between our GAAP financials and our statutory financials and now how those get reported and how they flow through over time. So from my perspective, I wouldn't read through anything on statutory statements specifically.
Dan Schumacher: Sure, Ralph. On the star spend, I would tell you that we have been making investments. We really started in the 2014 timeframe in the middle of that year, and then we have increased that in 2015. And I would tell you, in the relationship between the second and the third quarter as an example. So we put programs in place and what we had mentioned is that, we've seen an acceleration in the take up, so we had the programs in place, we had an expected outcome for it, and frankly we're having more people that are accepting house calls that are getting annual care business as Steve Nelson mentioned. And part of that's due to our service model, so we've been taking that interaction point and really trying to leverage it and help facilitate connecting people to care, and that's showing up, and also we have member and provider incentives and those burn into the market, we're seeing the take up rates on those increase. So we have spending in '14, we increased it in '15 and we have seen an acceleration in the take up rate as we moved from the first half into the second half of the year. In terms of the sizing maybe one way to help orient your thinking around it, as you'd looked at our consolidated medical care ratio on a year-over-year basis. There is a couple of things that contributed to that. You can obviously see the change in development as one element, stars and quality investment is another element, and mix as a third is kind of the three principal drivers. And in terms of the share in contribution to it within a reasonable range on each of those, so that gives you some sense for the kind of sizing on it. And we expect the investments to carry into 2016 and we're seeing nice progress on our performance in 2015 which will lend itself to better star outcomes for 2018 payment year. And on exchange steps your blunt commentary.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. As you look at care ratios, Ana, in the quarter, we saw an increase in our care ratios, in our principle health benefits businesses, so our Medicare, Medicaid and commercial, and then offsetting that as we talked about kind of the full year theme in the Investor Conference. We're seeing improvement in international offsetting that sound, so directionally up.
