John Rex: Thank you, Dirk. Adaptability and delivering greater value for the people we serve continue as foundational elements for our enterprise. These last few months are a good example, identifying evolving market trends; moving quickly to help people get the care they need; incorporating our broad and multifaceted insights into planning and importantly delivering on our commitments to you, our shareholders. These traits underpin our confidence not only in achieving our goals for ‘23, but also as we look toward ‘24 and beyond. Before reviewing our business results, let me elaborate on the care patterns Andrew described earlier. To illustrate in the second quarter, outpatient care activity among seniors was a few 100 basis points above our expectations. As we've highlighted, specific orthopedic and cardiac procedures had increased its far above that level of variation. And as we developed and filed our 2024 Medicare Advantage offerings, we assume that these levels of heightened care activity will persist throughout next year. Overall care activity among our Medicaid and commercial populations is consistent with our expectations. As always, we continue to intensely analyze trends that may indicate more severe disease progression, which could point to rising acuity. For example, in areas such as cancer or cardiovascular disease, we see no such evidence, while continuing to monitor closely. With that, let's turn to out second quarter results. Revenue of $92.9 billion, grew by nearly $12.6 billion or 16% over the prior year with double-digit growth at both Optum and UnitedHealthcare. OptumHealth revenues grew by 36% to $23.9 billion, driven by an increase in the number of patients served, a growing mix of patients with more complex needs and the expanding scope of care services we can offer. Operating margins reflect the higher care activity patterns we have discussed with seniors comprising a significant majority of value-based patients served. OptumRx revenues grew by 15%, surpassing $28 billion, driven by continued new customer wins and strong double-digit growth across our specialty, infusion, and community pharmacies. Script growth of nearly 7% reflects continued demand for our affordable solutions that give customers choice and simplify the pharmacy experience, such as biosimilar access and digital pharmacy tools. Part way into the ‘24 selling season, this momentum continues with strong client additions. OptumInsight revenues grew 42% to nearly $4.7 billion. The revenue backlog reached over $31 billion, an increase of $8 billion over last year, in part due to the addition of Change Healthcare. The integration and investment activities discussed on previous calls have gone well and are setting the stage for the next phase of growth for OptumInsight. Turning to UnitedHealthcare. Our commercial business added nearly 500,000 people in the first-half and continues its growth with the ‘24 selling season indications tracking favorably. Within our public sector programs, we continue to expect growth of over 900,000 Medicare Advantage members this year. And our Medicaid performance remains strong, as we continue to support states as they initiate redeterminations. Comprehensive outreach efforts to help individuals retain coverage are underway though it is still early as most states began this work only recently. Our capital capacities are strong. Adjusted cash flows from operations were at $10.4 billion or nearly 2 times net income in the second quarter and $15.6 billion or nearly 1.4 times net income in the first-half. In the first six 6 months of this year, we returned $8.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and in June, our Board of Directors increased the dividend by 14%. As Andrew mentioned, based upon our growth outlook and the trends discussed, today we were able to strengthen and narrow our full-year ‘23 adjusted earnings outlook to a range of $24.70 to $25 per share. Within this, we expect a relatively balanced pacing in the second-half. Now I'll turn it back to Andrew.
John Rex: Nate, good morning. Thanks for the question. Yes, in terms of the balance pacing, the way I describe that is -- and MCR and how that feeds in, we'd expect the MCR to be a little bit lower in the 3Q than we saw in the 2Q, some of that seasonality, as you would fully expect. So within the contexting of balance, expect earnings to be a little bit higher marginally in 3Q than 4Q, because of that typical factor in there, and thinking of an MCR somewhere in the zone of between, kind of, what we saw in the 1Q and 2Q just by seasonality factor. Important in that is we expect the, kind of, general pacing of care activity to remain consistent. That's what we've actually been seeing here. So since we've talked about this and as we've looked at the level of care activity across the company, these elements we talked about in terms of senior outpatient care are really remaining stable at the levels we talk to. And our expectation is it continues in that level. So as you look out to the second-half of this year, our expectation, it continues at those levels that we've been seeing with the -- I mentioned a few 100 basis points above our expectations in the senior business, that continues. The only underlying factor is a little bit of seasonality that you would see occurring there.
John Rex: Good morning, Gary, it's John. So yes, you're right. Those investment income has frankly, been growing strongly over the past number of quarters and continues to grow. Some of that is the backdrop of the rising interest rate environment, as you know, very well. Some of that is also a result of very active management by our treasury teams in terms of deploying more and more cash balances into interest-bearing accounts and such as they've been working hard at that over the past few quarters and advancing the productivity of that cash. That's after coming off of a period of many years of a zero interest rate environment. So a lot of elements in that. In any given quarter, we can experience some gains from our -- in our investment portfolio. So that can be gained from -- anything from our regular fixed income investments to anything from our diverse venture holdings. And so those come in -- they come in at different points in time. And perhaps sometimes they're a little bit less predictable, but kind of are typically in a similar zone frankly, not outside. I don't expect those, kind of, things, I don't count on those kind of things, frankly, every quarter. That's not the thing we look at. But there are elements that we've seen over time in kind of the zones that we're experiencing even now, too. So, yes, thanks, Gary.
Andrew Witty: John, thank you. Overall, for UnitedHealth Group, looking to the second-half of the year and into 2024 and beyond. We're confident that we're capturing the current landscape in our planning decisions, which in turn gives us confidence in our ability to sustain the growth momentum shown in our first-half and continue to demonstrate the adaptability, performance, and mission-driven purpose of this enterprise, especially in evolving environments. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
Andrew Witty: A.J., thanks so much for the question. So first off, let me start off, I'm super pleased with the performance of OptumHealth overall. And when you look at the growth of that business and particularly the expansion of the number of patients who we're now looking after in value based arrangements now about 4 million folks, but not just from UAC, but of course, from many other payors as well, really strong validation of the model that we've been building and you can continue to see us extend that. In terms of the margin compression during the Q really I'd say there are a couple of dynamics to that. One, is trend and you’d very much echo in the senior trend comments you've heard us make earlier in the quarter and I think is well understood. A second element of that which specifically affects OptumHealth is the behavioral growth. And I mentioned that in my prepared comments A.J., around continued strong growth in behavioral. That certainly has played its part within Q2 for OptumHealth. And then the third area is a kind of, a good news story, but with short-term implication. So that's really the growth of the membership that's coming this year. As you know, we've grown very strongly this year, actually a little ahead of our expectations. We've also brought in a very significant number of complex patients as we invest in helping those folks manage their care better, that puts a little pressure on the margin in the short run. But that's really laying super strong foundation stones, not just 4 million as we move through the year, but into ‘24, ‘25, ‘26. So those three elements, the senior trend piece, the behavioral piece, and then the effect of the strong growth is really what explains what goes on. We're going to continue to lean into that growth very assertively. A.J, thanks so much.
Andrew Witty: So Lisa, thanks so very much for that. Let me ask John to just context for you a little bit the balance between the senior and behavioral. And then maybe ask Dr. Decker to just give you a little bit of commentary around the type of consultation that we're dealing with in terms of the growth.
Andrew Witty: Yes, Wyatt, thank you so much. So, Lisa, I think you got it there. Overall, it’s very much around the senior trend phenomena. Within OptumHealth, that the behavioral piece plays its part we see that very much as an area where we will continue to step up and make sure that we're delivering the care in the way that Wyatt just described to you. Next question please.
Andrew Witty: Lance, thanks so much for the question. Before I hand it to Dan Kueter, who looks after our E&I business, I just want to make a couple of kind of high-level comments. We're seeing overall a very strong performance from our commercial business this year and also setting up, it feels like very well for the ‘24 season. We've seen fantastic overall growth, as I mentioned, in terms of membership. And that's been led very much by a lot of the product innovation that the team have been putting together and into the marketplace. And we see that continuing pretty assertively as we roll into ‘24. Just with that kind of backdrop, maybe, Dan, if you could respond to Lance's specific questions, that would be great.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, John. And maybe I'll ask Dirk to also comment a little bit. As you think about the G&A side of the equation going forward. Dirk maybe reflect a little bit on the work you're leading around technology and other interventions as we look to drive down our overall costs.
Andrew Witty: Tim, thanks so much. Jenifer, we have time for one last question. So, let’s take the last question. Thank you.
Andrew Witty: Scott, thanks so much for the question. Well, first of all, we're obviously very pleased to have come to an agreement on the transaction with Amedisys, so we appreciate that. But as you'd expect, it's -- we're now in the very early stages of that process. It wouldn't be appropriate to talk about anything specific in that regard. If I just take it maybe a level higher, it's no secret that we are very strong believers in the value of home health and no secret that we believe that value -- home health capabilities, when combined with other activities in terms of wrapping care around patients, is a really important element of future value-based care, particularly as you speak towards complex patients, many of whom maybe struggle to get out of the home, maybe don't have quite the same kind of relationship with the clinic as you might often expect. So we do think that the general area is an important area. As I said, as far as the specifics are concerned, I think we're now -- we'll go through our -- the regular kind of process, and we'll update you as appropriate, but probably not much more to say today. Thanks so much, Scott, for the question. And thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. We very much appreciate your time. And we hope you take away from this call our confidence in our ability to continue to perform and grow strongly, while we pursue our mission and build the foundations for continued growth in 2024 and beyond. And we are very much looking forward to sharing more on our progress with you again in October. Thanks so much for your time this morning.
