David Wichmann: Thank you, John. Over the past 45 years, UnitedHealthcare Group has grown consistently through the full range of macroeconomic, health care, legislative, and policy conditions, adapting and adjusting to deliver value for all those we serve in ever-changing environment. That value is rising at an accelerated pace. As we execute against our multidimensional growth agenda and health care delivery, pharmacy, digital, consumer response to benefits and global. These efforts for suited scale position us uniquely as a technology-enabled healthcare company, delivering distinctive results to our customers and to society. Taken together with our commitments to service, quality, and NPS, our investments in the coming wave of health care innovation, a movement we intend to lead and our multi-year, multibillion-dollar effort to improve our medical and operating cost basis for the benefit of our customers, we expect sustained growth and performance for UnitedHealth Group this year, in 2020, and for many years beyond. Thank you. We will now take one question per caller please.
David Wichmann: Sure. We'll do Dave. We're seeing nice progress in Medicaid. Year-over-year we saw nice progress in the quarter. But I think I'll have Heather Cianfrocco our CEO of that business. Over to you - those for you.
David Wichmann: Dave in summary nice improvement quarter-over-quarter, first quarter, a solid operating earnings growth despite negative impact of the HIF. But I think it's -- also should be said that we're still underperforming in this business and it'll probably take us until 2020 to get to our full performance expectation which we're performing at a margin somewhere in the 3% to 5% zone.
David Wichmann: So it is a constructive step forward. One that is born in the collaboration between CMS and the Part D carriers and we look forward to participating in the Part D program.
David Wichmann: So a bottom line of that, Frank, was there's growing interest in the market. It's a little bit slower to adopt. We'd like to see faster adoption. And we are clearly taking a position to, at least, for a certain plan designs to make sure that consumers are getting those discounts to apply it at the point-of-sale, which we know improves adherence and hopefully will improve their long-term health. Thank you for the question, Frank. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: It's a very small acquisition, Steve, it's of an ASO based business or a self-funded business, about 630,000 lives, if I recall correctly. Relatively small purchase price, nice tuck-in acquisition, brings us a few new capabilities and technologies. But quite pleased to align with this company, but relatively small. And not really influencing our earnings expectations for the year.
David Wichmann: It's a great question. What you're seeing there is a innovation and play, starting with synchronization, but really the development of a modern, much more modern pharmacy care services business that continues to stay out of the marketplace and is really responding to the needs of employers, health plans, and others out there and seeing the growth as a result.
David Wichmann: Yes. Just expect us to continue to invest in this category and we're talking five to 10 years out to build this health system that has the capacity to make a real difference on outcomes quality and patient experience and costs frankly, delivering really strong…
David Wichmann: Our expectation is that we'll be in the zone of our target margins probably closer to the bottom end of that in 2020.
David Wichmann: Yes. It's possible that that would be the case. But for situations where consumers are exposed to high inflation or list prices of drugs, we think it's important that discounts are applied at the point of service. And so we believe that that's the proper plan design. Again, where there is a high-deductible health plan or there is other benefit designs that we've patients exposed. So, again, we're seeing as much as a 16% improvement and adherence. And we believe the long-term health effects for the people we serve will be substantial as a result. So we think we're doing the right thing for people and if that means, we have to offer designs that are more restrictive we will. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Theoretically, yes, we believe so. We'd like to see it prove out over time, but we'd probably expect the benefits in the Medicare population to be more immediate than you might see in a – in a commercial population. Thanks for the question. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Matt. Good question. I think as you know we're already have converted or we're in process of converting the $8 million fully-insured commercialize to move to point-of-sale rebates, so that consideration has already played out for the most part overall. I think Brian talked earlier about how he has positioned a multi-year strategy and very important commentary from him about maintaining benefits stability and maintaining margins through the 2020 time period here recognizing that there is some friction on rising cost structures overall. And I don't really see a meaningful impact on our self-funded market either from the modification that we've made on point-of-sale announced earlier this year. The thing I am concerned about is the return of the health insurance tax in 2020. That will increase the cost to health care by at least $20 billion for 142 million people. And if you do the math on that that increased premiums for a senior couple by $500 dollars and for families with small business coverage by about the same amount. And that outcome from our standpoint is entirely unacceptable. The healthcare already costs too much in these unnecessary taxes layered on top of what is already in high-cost health system is just untenable. So we continue to pursue a deferral, if not an outright repeal on behalf of those we serve. We can't comment on or speculate on the outcome at this stage where we're operating as if the law is the law. And that there is no deferral, but we certainly hope and will continue to advocate aggressively on behalf of the consumers we serve to keep these healthcare costs in check.
David Wichmann: Okay, great. Well, thank you. To sum up our discussion today UnitedHealth Group began 2019 with strong operational and financial performance from both the Optum and UnitedHealthcare. We achieved this robust performance by increasing the healthcare value we deliver to people every day, providing more affordable higher quality healthcare, while improving patient and care provider satisfaction. As an innovative technology enabled healthcare company, the value we offer society is rising at an accelerating pace. In turn, we expect to continue to grow, serving more people in more ways across the U.S. and worldwide. Thank you for joining us. This concludes our call.
John Prince: Peter thanks for question leading on OptumRx. We've been working for years on transforming our pharmacy care services in two ways; one, is expanding how we deliver value to our clients who are integrated medical behavioral pharmacy experience, lets focus on total cost of care and health outcomes. We've also been very focused on driving the transparent business model where more and more of our revenues coming from administrative fees value sharing mechanisms that align us with the consumer the client's needs. So with that context, we see over time minimal impact from our margins, because if you look at the rebates and discounts that we managed. Overall, rebates only exist on 7% of prescription, 90% of what we manage is generic with no rebates, 10% is brand and subset to that is rebatable drug, when you look at in the Medicare market today none of that value we’ve managed from a discount rebate is held by us, it's 100% is passed on to our clients. And fully disclosed with CMS the 100% is passed on the Medicaid market, within our total client base. 98% of our discounts are passed on to our clients. So when you look at an overall standpoint, we're driving that value and passing on to our client. Over time that remaining 2% is a client choice and how they want to pay for our services. And so our believe is that overtime that remaining 2% we would work with our clients to look for other alternatives for them to pay for our services, which we are actively encouraging to manage, how we get our paid for our services.
John Prince: Sure. The $3 billion of share repo that we did in the quarter is against our $4 billion to $5 billion full year outlook. It is about the same percentage that we did in the year ago quarter. Also we did $2.65 billion in the year ago 1Q. So we also did a significant portion of our full year in that 1Q. Certainly, I would say that market conditions warranted that if we look at this year particularly warranted that we accelerate our timing on share repurchase. We try to maintain good flexibility in terms of how we approach that program and also maintained good flexibility in our balance sheet overall. So that was kind of -- that was really decision was premised on.
John Prince: It's John Prince with OptumRx. I'd say, first of all, one; we are pleased with why we did it, because there's significant bias from a consumer affordability standpoint. And so, I think, when you have conversations with customers and with other stakeholders, they're very interested in what is the impact of the discounts that we have negotiated on behalf of our clients and its material. So its $130 of value per script -- per eligible scripts which is material. The value in terms of driving higher adherence is also important from a health outcome. So, when we have conversations with our clients, they're very interested in our data and understand how it's impacted consumers. We've had very positive interactions and feedback on it. So I'd say, when you look at the health plan market in addition to UnitedHealthcare, we've had strong interest with our other 45 health plans, where a lot of them are actually looking at how they would incorporate that. And so, I think, there is strong interest in other clients that are on health plan basis to adopt it. When you look at the employer market, there's strong interest in new clients as well as existing clients interested in how to phase that in overtime. And remember, in terms of what we announced, this does not affect our 1/1/20 selling season. This just requires everybody after 1/1/20, so starting January 2, 2020.
John Prince: Yes sure. Maybe to set the overall point was just the driving the plan for rebates does not impact our bottom-line or our economics. This is around driving solutions that drive affordability to the consumers we serve and that's why we're doing it. This is making sure that the value that we extract from the market actually goes to the consumers and so I think that's the core element on it. We do believe that it's important to have mechanisms like a discount that we negotiated with pharma manufacturers in order to control cost in outer years. So, I think that's also left in the discussion is that there needs to be mechanisms that check against the price increases in the future years.
John Prince: Yes. Thanks, Gary. Good morning. So I'd start with the medical care ratio in the quarter it was in line with our expectations for the 1Q. I think you're correct in terms of the things you're seeing across that in terms of some of your observations that would create movement and such. I would point out in the 1Q one of the comments we made last quarter was around the workday content of 1Q 2019 versus 1Q 2018 having some impact which is one of the reasons we wanted to create some awareness around that. And that's just being calendar's fairly stable over the course of the year, but there are differences in quarters. And so when you have that content sometimes we would point that out. So we had one fewer weak day in the 1Q 2019 than 1Q 2018. The opposite affect occur is in 3Q this year. Actually, we have one more day in the 3Q 2019 than 3Q 2018. So no annual impact, it's just the quarterly timing how it flows across the year. So 1Q benefit 3Q gets that offsetting the weak day content that's where you expected this fall. That's really a…
John Prince: Jay, it's John Prince. In terms of our 2020 selling season it is still early, but we have a very healthy pipeline of opportunities. We've already had some really good wins for 2020. We've sold several large health plans. They stayed in a variety of large employers. Two good examples that -- of large wins already was the Hubbard program announcement and of our partnership in early January. They selected us because of our partnership around total cost of care, clinical outcomes, consumer experience sort of resonating, what Andrew Witty just mentioned, around our innovation around the consumer and clinical outcomes. Another example of a good win for 2020 is, with HealthTrust and their division for CoreTrust, they selected OptumRx as their exclusive pharmacy care services provider to improve the performance of healthcare. We'll be their key strategic channel partner for health systems in Fortune 2000 companies. In the overall market, you asked around, our value story, I think, our value proposition is resonating their market. Others might be now using the same vocabulary as we have, but we've been working at this for five years. We continue to modernize our offering, continue to innovate around outcomes and also we continued to expand the services that we have to support unique communities and partnerships. And I think that's also a differentiation for us in the market. Thank you.
John Prince: It's John Rex. No change in our full year outlook I would say in terms of the 1Q. And there was a little reduced impact from a share based exercise benefit, as you realize that has impact that typically why the 1Q trends lower than other quarters, because there's more activity there. And there was just the volume of exercise that was just a little bit lighter and that's probably likely due to share price fluctuation but that was it.
Dan Schumacher: That's right Dave. Our expectations on the outcomes for very much in keeping with what we thought going on. And the reality is, it's very meaningful impact for the individuals that are taking high-cost specialty medications that Dave mentioned and they are very compelling savings for them. But when you look at it the overall medical and pharmacy offering, it's a more modest impact.
Dan Schumacher: As it relates to the commercial risk based enrollment, we had expected declines in the first quarter and that was largely driven by two public sector clients, and so similar to the enrollment pattern we experienced last year. We do expect to grow over the remaining quarters of the year. And inside the results, I'll tell you, we are growing in some markets and segments that are very important to us. And as Steve mentioned, we are very focused on increasing the value of our offerings. And we do that through a combination of some of the innovations you heard of earlier, deeper collaborations with high performing care providers, OptumCare as well as others, and also contributions from our multi-year multibillion dollar cost effort. So we feel well positioned. And then I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention that, we're pleased with the results that we've driven on the self-funded side. We've had a very focused effort to return to growth and we did that nicely in the first quarter. We grew strongly on an organic basis, and we also supplemented that with some nice M&A as well. So overall, well positioned and feel good about it.
Dan Schumacher: Sure, good morning Lance. I would tell you that our medical cost in the quarter were very much in line with our expectation and on track as we look to the full year. That's 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. Frankly, I wouldn't call out anything as being different than what we had expected coming in.
Andrew Witty: Just before I ask John to comment more specifically about 2020. I think what we are seeing is, some of the benefits of a very substantial amount of innovation around our offering design that John and his team have been developing, partly in anticipation of changes in the policy environment that obviously been touched on already in this call conversation, but also taking advantage of technology and other levers that have been brought alongside the traditional core PBM of OptumRx. I think it's that combination of all of those things, really, leaning into exploring value-based propositions and really being extremely dynamic in the way in which we start to bring to bear some of these different tools that has created a very competitive set of offerings. Let me ask John just to describe you how that's landing for us this year and projected for next year.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Ana thanks so much for the question. So, I think Telehealth is an interesting potential ingredient for how we think about delivering improved outcome and value for patients and customers within our OptumCare's environment. But I think really the central -- so, I think the really central part is to ensure that we have a really, really strong integrated physical engagement with patients as a core platform. That needs to be very much empowered by information, clinical insight, and needs to be real-time. So, that's very much with we are building. I think then wrapped around that, we envision substantial portfolios of digital engagement and also platform such as Telehealth. But I think on their own, they have relatively limited runway, frankly. I think as a component or as an ingredient of a much more comprehensive care delivery platform, which is what we envisioned, clearly a role, but very much alongside what you're seeing has developed within the OptumCare's environment, very much patient-centric, very much focused on the best possible clinical outcome, focused on the best possible patient experience at the lowest possible cost. We think that is a strategy, which will require modern technologies, innovative technologies like Telehealth, but it fundamentally will be built around the physician-led physical engagement of the patient.
Andrew Witty: Yes, I mean listen, John thanks so much for the question. I think what you'll see within OptumHealth is really a whole series of self reinforcing very complementary growth drivers all beginning to kick in together. And I think the leadership team, Andrew Hayek's leadership team now led by Dr. Wyatt Decker, I think deserve a lot of credit for bringing on stream all of these various activities. As you look across, you're seeing geographic growth; we're seeing a greater shift of physician groups to value. We're seeing those physician groups deliver great quality of clinical care, a better cost. That -- making those practices more attractive for membership clearly. And as you think through, you can layer on level after level and each of them kind of amplify the growth velocity of the business. So we feel very good about the track record that this business is the delivering. Honestly, I think it was still in the very early days of the evolution of the OptumHealth and OptumCare's business you’ll see substantial degrees of innovation over the next year or two. We've got significant ambitions for layer in on and developing the Rally platform for example alongside the OptumCare platform. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, things like the OptumCare cancer center begins to open up yet another dimension and the work that Andrew Hayek is now leading alongside me directly to look at further expansion points for the OptumHealth, OptumCare's agenda. So early days, we feel good about where we are so far. Very clearly a function of many streams of work beginning to gear together very positively.
Andrew Witty: John, a key part. I mean, as you know a key part of the philosophy of how we’re developing OptumCare is exactly that journey and we believe that's very important. We see repeatedly that that helps facilitate and free up physicians to make great decisions on behalf of their patients, ensure the best care is delivered with the best possible cost. So yes that's a key part of the journey, and it's certainly a part of philosophy of how we run that set of clinics, yes.
