Stephen Hemsley: Yes, I think Jeff Alter will -- the impact, as we said, was really negligible, but Jeff Alter can really take you through this. 
Stephen Hemsley: If we take a look at the growth that UnitedHealthcare has been able to achieve in the commercial markets that has been in the newer products, that has been in a wide variety of products. So I think that we've been deployed in this posture for a few years now. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I thought that in our prepared comments that we had addressed that, so maybe I could restate a little bit for you, Matt. 
Stephen Hemsley: It is -- I'll be happy to touch on it. But we were comfortable last quarter with the overall '14 earnings growth outlook before the 2014 Medicare Advantage rate actions were taken. So I think, then, as you stand back and look at the basic overall funding in terms of MA, it has been pressured the last couple of years and is already absorbing ACA mandates in terms of a rate reduction. And then if you believe that sequestration would come on top of that, you would never have expected a beginning point of an 8% net reduction in 2014 rates to occur. And then when they -- basically, as that process cleared and some relief was provided, you still stand back and look at a net reduction of 4% or more against an overall 3% cost trend in the program. So taken together with the other pressures, that's really not sustainable funding, in our view, and it will cost us to reconsider our overall '14 growth rate in this program, to evaluate market exits, to address benefits, to reshape our networks in those markets. And that was not really the premise as we basically leaned into 2014 from a growth outlook point of view. So we are evaluating that at this point in time given the finalization of those programs, really, on a market-by-market basis, to the extent they are actions that we can take to mitigate this continued program and the underfunding and assess whether '14 can absorb that change and still grow earnings. So our long-term view on Medicare is unchanged. We're very strong in terms of the efficacy of the program. The underfunding has been a challenge, and we are reassessing that '14, based upon the rate actions that were taken. And that's why, as we discussed in the previous question, that really our focus, when we look at headwinds for 2014, is around Medicare. 
Stephen Hemsley: That was Dirk McMahon, by the way. And you'll likely carry those into the third quarter as you go through that, and then they'll start to peel down in the fourth quarter and into '14. 
Stephen Hemsley: And we really aren't necessarily standing on claims. We have good visibility with respect to particularly inpatient settings and so forth, so again, unchanged, but we're not sitting and waiting for claims data. That's the only thing I'd like to correct to that. 
Stephen Hemsley: And I'd just throw in that basically, these are very well-established, well-penetrated programs in the marketplace, almost 30% market share in Medicare Advantage. And the underfunding pressure is really more intense in the Medicare Advantage product line. So it's not like Medicare across-the-board supplemental offerings, Part D offerings are really different. It's the funding, overall funding philosophies of the Medicare Advantage platform that are -- that need to be strengthened. 
Stephen Hemsley: Maybe I will start out by saying, first of all, it's -- like anything in health care, it's a market-by-market proposition, which is why we need to be very thoughtful about how we go forward in this. In some markets, we'll take actions that will be more conservative and more pulling back. In other markets, we may not be -- feel necessary to do that. It also brings in dynamics of network positioning and so forth, so it is a much more multifaceted than simply what our benefit would be in a particular market. And I think that's why it takes time, and there isn't kind of a single-gear response to your question that we'll price like x and calculate market share. Although I would say that, based upon the funding level, you'd have to -- we've been clear we will be pulling back from markets, and so we don't expect the growth in the MA product line, the MA product line, in 2014 to be as robust because of the actions we're going to have to take to, as your point, preserve margins. 
Stephen Hemsley: And we'll get more absorption as this goes on. We'll get this more absorbed into the marketplace. So the impact, going forward, should dissipate. 
Stephen Hemsley: So it -- we are on plan, and we are the levels that we would have anticipated for the quarter. We are regular and methodical in the marketplace. And I would say when we -- what changes is the pace of it. So we pace it in terms of that, but we are basically at this on a regular basis. This is a methodical program. The pacing of it changes, and that's all. 
Stephen Hemsley: I'll -- maybe I'll have Steve Nelson comment on this. But what the beauty of our diversified model is, is that we basically cover all the markets. And we've said, actually, probably as much as 2 years ago, when it became clear that this kind of a marketplace channel would become established, that we really are covered on it on both sides, from the Medicaid side and the commercial side, so... 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I think if you were going to get it, I would have put it in -- carefully put it in the prepared comments. So what I did carefully put in there is that we are assessing this very seriously in terms of evaluating to what extent we can overcome the headwinds of Medicare Advantage with all the other elements of our business and produce growth in 2014. And that's our goal. 
Stephen Hemsley: So that's a quite an involved question, but -- so let me see if I can provide a simpler response and answer. We're very happy with our MA business. We have a very good growth. We have very good products. We have great positioning into the marketplace. It is perhaps affected by contrast to the prior year quarter, where we had meaningful reserve development and never anticipated we would ever -- we didn't anticipate it in the first quarter of '12 to have that level of reserve development. We certainly didn't expect it to repeat in the first quarter here. So I think the health of our MA business is quite robust. Our concern is the forward looking. And that may be an expectation issue because, when you take a look at all the elements of -- that have hit the funding experience of the MA program, I think the very significant factor was, in lieu of that background, starting out with a negative 8% and then basically coming out with a final, which is, in essence, a relatively negative 4%, maybe even a touch higher against a 3% overall trend, strikingly higher than -- so the year before was 1.5% in that zone. That would have been more manageable. So it is really overcoming that funding posture going forward that then begins to cascade through a variety of things. To respond to that, you need to think about benefit adjustments that are more dramatic than what we have typically liked to manage in the marketplace, network adjustments that are more dramatic. And so I think the difference is, I know that some people were relieved that the SGR came through and that -- focus on that element. But when you stand back and look at the total funding status of that program, it's down 4%, and that is significant. 
Stephen Hemsley: If you are thinking of supporting the program, if you think about that as perhaps the best offering of Medicare in the marketplace, the one that seniors have high satisfaction with and strong growth and strong response and one that manages costs, the posturing of funding, that is what we're taking -- is what we're discussing. Think it is the expectation, Kevin. 
Stephen Hemsley: We really don't have any insight on that. We are presuming that these programs and these capabilities will go into market as scheduled. That has been the posture throughout, and we are acting to be ready to respond to those. So we are not seeing or believing or suggesting anything to the contrary. We're presuming that it is, going forward, as planned and as scheduled. 
Stephen Hemsley: No, that's 1 year. So that's your 3-part 1-question limit, Peter, so thank you very much. So wrapping up our call today, I'd like to recap just a couple of points. Our enterprise is performing well. In the first quarter, we delivered significant growth in people served, in market share, in revenue across all of our businesses and internationally. UnitedHealthcare's commercial benefits, Medicare, Medicaid, military businesses, as well as Amil, all continue to diversify and steadily grow. Optum's momentum is accelerating as the market for health services expands, and it's expanding, we think, at kind of exponential levels. And we believe no other company has the positioning, the resources, the people to take on the challenges of health care and succeed in this marketplace and in our mission. So thank you very much for joining us today. We'll see you next quarter. 
Jeff Alter: Yes, I think it's important to keep in mind that this was a very unique case, a $1.1 million fully insured case. I think it's probably the largest fully insured case in the industry. It was fully insured for decades. We've been partners with this municipality for a very long time, really because of regulatory constraints, and the conversion shouldn't be seen as anything, just playing out a decade-long processes of putting this case into a self-funded condition where most cases these size have always been. There aren't any -- as you can imagine, a case this size, there really isn't any earnings headwind. It was a long 3 -- almost 40-year relationship with this client. So the earnings are stable, is really just a plain funding conversion. 
Jeff Alter: Jeff Alter. Yes, I think Steve said it well. We have a very long philosophy around commercial pricing, which is we price to our forward cost trend and really don't play too many games around that. And that has served us well over the years, and we believe it will continue to serve us well, maybe even service us in a much better way, as we get into the '14, '15 time frame. So I don't think we really are discussing a tradeoff. We just -- we have a disciplined pricing methodology that has served us well, and we continue to employ that as we go forward. 
Jeff Alter: It's Jeff Alter. It's really hard for us to comment on CalPERS right now. We're pleased. We thought we had a very strong offering for that RFP. We're pleased that we were selected as one of the 4, and we're actually in the second phase right now of negotiations, so very hard for us to comment on that. 
Jeff Alter: Sure. It's Jeff Alter. Yes, as we've said in the past, we're going to gauge our participation based upon how we assess each one of those local markets. And I would say that part of that assessment is our commercial teams working very closely with the -- our Medicaid teams coming up with the value proposition for not just one or the other, but for both. And that is part of our decision-making process, as we pace through market-by-market decisions. I will reiterate, though, that as we said in the past, we believe that there's going to be some pacing with exchanges, and it's not just a '14 event. It is a market that will develop and mature and be part of the distribution of small business as well as covering individuals and, perhaps, in some states and some markets, Medicaid population. And as of that market develops, we will make those decisions together. 
Gail Boudreaux: Just -- yes. This is Gail Boudreaux. Just to follow Jeff Alter's comments. To the second part of your question, overall, actually, our conversions to self-funded have been relatively consistent. There's been a longstanding movement from fully insured to self-funded. But we didn't -- we have not seen any acceleration in that, to your earlier question. It's been pretty stable. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Two questions, I think, you had embedded there. I'll focus on exchanges and Medicare. First on the exchanges side, I think Steve -- as Steve said in his opening comments, we don't see the exchanges on the commercial side having a significant positive or negative impact in 2014. We do think that there's still long-term growth opportunities in the exchanges, so we're still positive over the long term. Overall, our position on exchanges hasn't changed, as we gave you a broad range at the last call. As we think about the contracting side, again, I think I shared this last time that we see the contracting based on a market-by-market assessment and the economics needed to participate effectively in that market and an exchange. So those rates are going to vary from commercial to something less. We've had a pretty long history of having value-based networks and have been successful at that. And I would tell you, at this stage, our contracting for the exchange markets is going very well, so we feel positive about that. Turning to Medicare. That is the most impactful headwind that we face heading into 2014. Again, I think, in Steve's opening comments, as we think about a 4%-plus rate impact plus the impact of sequestration against the backdrop of a 3% trend in Medicare, that's an accumulated impact that is more significant than we would have expected. So that is -- we are in the process right now of doing our bids. We're doing a market-by-market assessment of what those imply by each of our markets, again, as part of the accumulated underfunding, but we do feel we have a very strong Medicare business. And as part of that assessment, we will be using our clinical assets and looking at optimizing our network to provide the broadest-based support and consistent benefits for seniors, because that's been part of what we've been looking to do. So that would, I think, define the headwind in terms of Medicare for '14. 
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, and the other -- good point on that. The other businesses, I think, as you saw in our growth this year, really positive about how our products and services are tracking. We're really pleased to have brought TRICARE on this year and feel very positively about the growth trajectory that we've seen, not only with this year, but over the last several years. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Let me start with the first question, which was around the tax on -- insurance tax on Medicaid. Just -- so we've been in a constant dialogue with our state Medicaid directors around the impact of the tax, and we are including that in our rate exhibits as we talk to them. It's recognized as a cost to the program. I think what's important there is Medicaid is a little bit different than Commercial in that our rate negotiations occur not just at a single point in time, but they're ongoing. So they occur at the beginning of the cycle, throughout the cycle, and that's a pretty common occurrence. It's early in the process with them. We are including them, again, in the rate exhibit, and we think that there has been a positive dialogue about that. In terms of the impact on exchanges, our assessment is that at this stage, just given the overall impact, not necessarily commenting on margins in small group, but our overall participation in the exchanges, we have a very robust product offering outside of the exchanges. As I mentioned, one of the tools that we're using are to build value-based products. We've seen most of our small group growth in those products already, so we think we're very well positioned to also have a robust offering outside of the exchange. 
Gail Boudreaux: No, I think we have a whole portfolio of products, Christine, and I think, our -- we've always had a strategy of offering employers a multitude of options. That's been pretty consistent, at least over the last 4 or 5 years. And while there are different pressures, clearly, it's a very competitive market in small group. We work really hard to make sure that we put our clinical and network assets to work to offer employers a broad range. But at this stage, we're not commenting on margins specifically there. 
Gail Boudreaux: Well, I think we shared -- I mean, the issue on Medicare, as we shared on this call, is really the underfunding of the program, and we worked very hard on both the clinical side as well as the network optimization, and then finally, our cost structure. That's been an area of focus. So as I think about all of our government programs and our target margins there, we work to be extremely efficient while improving service. So the operating cost is a lever, and then our clinical programs are important to delivering value to beneficiaries. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Carl, it's Gail Boudreaux. So as you know, sequestration results in a lower reimbursement of 2% for our Medicare Advantage and Part D program. We've shared this before. We have some natural hedges to that. In Steve's opening comments, we talked about the impact. Our goal, what we're going to be doing is we'll be offsetting our reimbursement where our payments are tied and indexed to fee-for-service Medicare, that will be offset. And then our lower payments to capitated providers. Those that are not as tied to that, we'll be working, obviously, to manage through that as part of the overall program. But obviously, given the time to implement, that's why we've identified the $250 million to $300 million impact in 2013. 
Dirk McMahon: Sure. As from PBM's perspective, we had a nice growth year, and over the last 12 months, we've grown a little over 1 million members. What I would say, our value proposition remains strong. We've talked about it before in New York. Really, it's all about optimizing health outcomes and minimizing costs, and we do that by using our clinical engine to bring together all the pharmacies, the lab, the medical data, the behavioral data to have appropriate interventions, again, to minimize costs and optimize health outcome, and that value proposition continues to resonate within the marketplaces. 
Dirk McMahon: Well, I would say a couple of things. So first of all, how is the transition going? We migrated 400,000, and the first of the year, 400,000 members converted. We actually also added 500,000 new members to the platform at the beginning of the year. On 4/1, we just added 2 million members, so we've migrated 3 million members so far. From a run rate standpoint, it'll be $200 million in operating profit. On a run rate basis, we still have some ramp-up costs and development costs in 2013. We haven't specifically sized those externally yet, but we'll -- that's really where we sit. 
Dirk McMahon: Yes, that's the important point. We have development and ramp-up of personnel costs throughout the first half of the year. And as Steve said, they'll peel down, and we'll hit our full run rate in 2014. 
Dirk McMahon: We've had some -- we've sold some cases already, of course. What I would say is our proposal buying is up. It is a little bit early. We've seen an increase in proposals over last year, and I guess I -- that's all I'll comment at this point. 
David Wichmann: And Sarah, Dave Wichmann on Amil. Thank you for your recognition of it. It's a very strongly positioned enterprise in Brazil. The brand, the value proposition from its own delivery components, its strong service reputation and the value that they provide to the various communities inside Brazil is, I believe, unmatched. Coupled with that are the market dynamics, which are such that they support meaningful growth in that market similar to what we're starting to see shape up here in 2013. So a combination of those 2 things should provide a good avenue for both revenue and earnings growth in 2014 and beyond. As we step into 2014 and into the future, we also see the potential to access meaningful new markets in Brazil that are not or are underserved by Amil today. And in addition, we see a great opportunity to address services offerings. As you might expect, there is -- there are very little capabilities to the extent that we see with Optum, and we see great opportunity for that enterprise in the future. 
David Wichmann: Well, as you -- we repurchased about 9.9 million shares in the quarter. And as you would expect, we try to repurchase -- our mechanisms are such that we repurchase more when the stock price is down. And so as it tailed off, our repurchase activity accelerated. I won't get into specifics about what we purchased in the last half of February or through March, but ... 
David Wichmann: That's right. We do have discretion with respect to that. As you recall, Josh, given the Amil transaction, we were trying to meter to bring in a debt-over-debt-plus-equity at 35% by the end of the second quarter of the year. Overall, we said we'd do $2.5 billion to $3 billion of share repurchases. So we're edging up towards the upper end of that range for this year. And so that, obviously, mathematically, would increase our repurchase activity for the balance of the year. 
David Wichmann: Peter, it's Dave Wichmann. Thanks for your question. The operating cash flows were actually stronger this quarter than they were in the comparative quarter last year. And they came in line exactly as we expected. The cash flows at UnitedHealth Group, at least, are seasonally down in the first and second quarters, and they are stronger in the third and the fourth. The thing that really affect that are the timing of a risk adjustment payments, which generally come in the third, and then also the Part D timing, as an example. So but that's -- we're -- we expect to follow pretty much a pattern similar to last year. Operating cash flows for the year should be in the range of $7.2 billion to $7.6 billion, which is 1.3x or more times net income. 
Daniel Schumacher: Justin, Dan Schumacher. So your first question, with respect to the Part D timing and the implications of that on the quarter, as you look at it in the context of our overall UnitedHealth Group loss ratio, you can think of that in terms of about 50 to 100 basis points' impact to our overall group loss ratio in the quarter. Basically, our revenue is -- -- recognition is being shifted out later in the year, so it's a big impact in the first quarter, moderates in the second, and then it recovers in the third and the fourth quarter. With respect to the margin performance in our government programs, our target margin is in the 3% to 5% range, and some years, we perform in excess of that. And we were -- we are near that range now in our performance. 
Daniel Schumacher: Yes. I think, Justin, as we look at the impact of that across the industry, we would size the recalibration more in the order of magnitude of around a 2.5% impact. 
Daniel Schumacher: I'm not going to comment on specific product offerings, but I will tell you, you're right. There is certainly variation as you look across products and geographies in terms of the impact of recalibration, but not to -- not likely the order of magnitude you're talking about. 
Daniel Schumacher: Chris, it's Dan Schumacher. So with respect to the commercial loss ratio and the impact of the funding conversion, it was around 80 basis points in the quarter and on the full year. So that's why we've revised our full year medical care ratio guidance to 81.2% plus or minus 50 basis points, so down 80 basis points from our Investor Day guidance. As you look at the influencing factors year-over-year in the commercial loss ratio, certainly that played a meaningful role in it. We also had the absence of leap year, which is more pronounced in the commercial business, and then pushing the other way would be the change in development as well as the large rebate true-up that we recognized in the first quarter of 2012. So those are the major impacts in the commercial loss ratio in the quarter. 
Daniel Schumacher: Dan Schumacher again. As we look at our medical cost performance in the quarter, we were very pleased with it, and it paced out as we expected. So as you look at both the composition of it from a unit cost and utilization perspective as well as the elements by cost category, we're not seeing any meaningful change in that from what we said in Investor Day. 
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Scott, Dan Schumacher. With respect to our utilization in MA, I will tell you that it's pacing as -- about as we expected. Certainly, our new growth tends to have a higher first year loss ratio, and that improves in the second year. And that improvement comes on the maturation of the revenue as we get more complete diagnoses as well as our clinical programs begin to take hold and those results begin to emerge. So from a utilization perspective, it's pacing as we expected, but obviously, our new growth comes with a higher loss ratio. 
