John Rex: Thank you, Dirk. This morning, we reported third quarter and year-to-date revenues of 72 and 214 billion respectively. Growth of 11 and 12% over last year. This growth was led by OptumHealth, primarily our care businesses. In the third quarter, the Optum platform comprised 54% of enterprise operating earnings and continues to show strong growth momentum. Our performance reflects the diverse and complementary strengths of our business, setting the stage for growth in the years ahead. Our updated full-year '21 outlook includes unfavorable COVID impacts consistent with the expectations we have discussed throughout the year. During the third quarter, while direct COVID care and testing costs ran above the expectations we had nearly a year ago, we again saw elective care offsetting the impacts of higher case rates, much like previous cycles in the pandemic. This quarter, there were approximately 60,000 COVID hospitalizations, meaningfully above the second quarter, with the month of August peaking at nearly 30,000 and then declining in September. Looking at specific business performance. OptumHealth's third-quarter revenue and earnings increased 32% and 37%, respectively, year-over-year. Revenue per consumer grew by 30%. This reflects the increasing impact and number of value-based relationships within Optum Care. The expansion of our in-home and community health platform, as well as the growing acuity of the needs we can serve. OptumInsight revenue grew 13% in the quarter, and earnings grew 15%, as the revenue backlog increased by 12% to 22.3 billion. We see overall business development sourcing and activity levels increasing, particularly with care provider customers. And for our software and analytics offerings. OptumRx revenue and scripts grew 6% year-over-year and earnings 5%. OptumRx is seeing both strong customer retention levels and sale success for the largely completed 22 selling season and early activity for 23. Turning to UnitedHealthcare, the third quarter showed increasing member growth in our commercial offerings, particularly in employer-sponsored benefits. Increased employment is a broad underlying contributor, but we are particularly encouraged by the growth we are achieving in our affordable consumer-centric offerings. Medicare advantage membership has grown 745,000 this year. Inclusive of plans which serve dual special needs numbers, we expect to add a total of over 900,000 Medicare advantage members. The number of people served through managed Medicaid grew by more than 1 million members over last year. As we began to serve people in new regions such as North Carolina, Kentucky, and Indiana, and as state-based redetermination activities remained popped, we were honored to begin serving people in the Missouri Medicaid expansion this month. Our liquidity and capital positions remain strong with third-quarter cash flows from operations at 7.6 billion or 1.8 times net income. And we ended the quarter with a debt-to-capital ratio of 39%. As noted earlier, given the strength of our business performance, this morning, we updated our 2021 adjusted earnings outlook to a range of $18.65 to $18.90 per share. Now, with the close of the third quarter, your attention understandably turns to next year. As is our custom, we will offer a few early observations here. While reserving the majority of this conversation for our November 30 Investor Conference, which we hope will be held in person and in New York. Our businesses are both growing and operating well with strong momentum heading into next year. While the pandemic-related impacts remain difficult to predict, given the current trends, we would expect a lower unfavorable COVID impact than experienced in '21. Still, as the dramatic variation of the last 20 months has demonstrated to all, prudent management suggests we should offer an outlook respectful of the fact that the current situation is without precedent. Taking all elements together at this distance, we see current analyst consensus as reasonably beginning to calibrate a '22 outlook. Envisioning that consensus as being towards the upper end of our initial adjusted earnings per share outlook range. With the range being similar to that offered initially for '21. There's still untapped collaborative potential between UnitedHealthcare and Optum to benefit individuals and the system. The power of applied technology to advanced care and service. Improved opportunities in consumer health and experience, and the passion of our people. These and so many other elements lead us to believe our performance expectations for the years ahead remained fully supportive of our long-term 13% to 16% earnings-per-share growth outlook. We look forward to going into more detail on both our view of '22 and the many years of growth beyond at our Investor Conference. With that, Operator, let's open up for questions. One for the caller, please.
John Rex: Hi, Ralph. Good morning. So yes. So as it relates to this year's $1.80, look, our expectation is that will clearly be lower than it was in 2021, as we think about it. We also don't think that will be nothing. I can't imagine we hit January 1 and everything ceases up immediately. So we don't think that will be the case at all. So inclusive of that, when you think about going to that, I think getting inclusive. And as we look at where the where the analyst consensus currently centers, that seems like kind of a reasonable starting point in terms of how we think about -- how we think about that and how we would anticipate and be respectful of the fact that we don't know exactly how this will progress as we move into the new year. Thanks, Ralph.
John Rex: Kevin, this is John. Good morning. Yes. A few perspective on that, as we think about utilizations, trends in the quarter. And I gave some broad indication just in terms of where we were with COVID inpatient stays, and that's for our members. Maybe to give a little kind of further commentary. So as we sit here today, about 5,000 of our members are in an inpatient setting for a COVID-related condition right now. And I'd say versus the peak that we experienced during the quarter. That's probably just a little more than 50% of the peak in that zone, probably a little of that we experienced over the course of the period.  That fell across categories, probably categories, much like you would have observed and the reports coming out nationally in terms of the types of individuals who are in these settings. An average age that was considerably younger than we saw in prior set -- in prior periods for COVID, so similar to what you would have noticed across the board. In terms of broad utilization trends, similar to what we would have described in 2Q where we did describe where, we continue to see commercial members be more active in elective care, and public sector or government program members a little bit less active.  And so kind of similar, just trending at different levels given the prevalence of COVID. It's been interesting over the course of the 20 month. There has been a consistent, fairly rapid reaction when COVID cases go up nationally in terms of the preference of patients to whether or not to seek elective care. That again happen this quarter where it comes in fairly quickly in terms of the hesitation in the system to access, so probably similar along those ranges. Hopefully that provides a little additional color for you on what we're seeing across the full book of business. Thanks for your, Kevin, question. Operator, next question please.
John Rex: Good morning, Justin. So a few other elements on that. Similar broad trends to what we observed in 2Q, just shifting because of the COVID prevalence. Downshifting a bit in terms of elective -- in terms of COVID prevalence but then really fully offset by COVID. That is elective downshifting because of COVID prevalence and then fully offset as we saw, COVID Care become a more important part of the business. That really flowed across the businesses with those trends across the book, like I described, in terms of the general outlook on that. And let me turn to Dirk here to talk about some implications to how we would have anticipated that in our forward pricing.
John Rex: They're just timing impacts in terms about when it would actually close during the year, but not incorporated in that outlook. As it relates to the $1.80 that we articulated last year, yeah, we broke out a number of different components that were important in that element. And frankly, my hope would be not talking about a COVID number by the time we get into '22, that we move beyond that and we can just move beyond to business as normal as we can while being always ready to address the environment that's at hand. But that would be certainly our intent as we'd step out here, that we'd be moving beyond that view. In terms of elements such as annual wellness visits and things, I'd ask BT to comment, A - Brian Thompson to comment a moment on that also.
John Rex: That was great. And I think AJ, what that points out clearly a broad pharmacy portfolio with clearly a laser-focus on affordability and laser-focus on serving people, getting their medications and people sales where they need them, and basically servicing the entire, what I'll call pharmacy landscape with effective products and services. Thank you very much for the question. Next question, please.
John Rex: First of all, let me hit on the virtual products that we have. I talked about it before, we're getting into from version 1 to version 2. The second version is really not telehealth as a standalone service, but really effectively integrated into physical delivery in total, courses of care. And so as I think about how we might -- how we're organizing our products, what we would have is a virtual PCP available to some people. And many people across the country don't have relationships with PCPs. So a product based on having virtual PCP, having that PCP managed like a Brick-and-mortar PCP.  And then manage the downstream expenses, being able to refer to digital properties, be able to, as I said, bringing a behavioral specialists, where needed. And as we sit and we look at some of the products that we have and we're designing, we're expecting probably about a 15% price advantage to other similar products in the market. So we're kind of excited about the efficiency of virtual in that context. So give me your second question again, Lisa. I was focused on virtual.
John Rex: No. You're thinking of this multi-modality, it's home, it's digital, it's what we do in the office. That's one of the things that we're trying to do. And I'm glad you hit on that. Our ability to serve people where they want to be served is something that we're really focused on across all three of our lines of business is very important. And clearly, people have different care needs and they have different preferences for care, and we want to provide that access across the board.
John Rex: Thank you, Operator. Next question, please. And I think we have time for about two more questions here as we approach the bottom of the hour.
John Rex: Thank you for the question with that, what I would just like to close with is as follows. Thanks everybody for your time and your questions today. We hope you're taking away the impression of a Company that's confident, it's opportunities and the ability to grow. And we're deeply aware of where and how we need to improve and we're fully committed to our mission of helping people lead healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone. We look forward to sharing with you a more at our November 30th Investor Conference, hopefully in-person in New York. Thanks for your time today.
Brian Thompson: Thanks for the question, Matt. Certainly as we look forward to 2022, the picture is a lot more clear than as we look at the past 20 months. I would say that we feel optimistic not only about our pricing and the rationality of the market, but most importantly the value that we're bringing to customers. So we're optimistic as we look forward.
Brian Thompson: Yeah, appreciate the question. A - Brian Thompson here again. I would say we certainly are encouraged by continuing our advanced care penetration with partners. OptumCare certainly being one of several. When we partner with OptumCare, we see not only our highest satisfaction, but our best benefits and overall performance. And you heard that in our star quality results as well. And we're encouraged not only by what we have done, but also by what's on the horizon.  Historically, you've looked at our combinations largely in a traditional Medicare advantage space, and you're seeing us expand into complex populations and duals. And we're also really encouraged with what we're doing in the commercial marketplace as well. We've got some new offerings coming in that space. So I would say the key takeaway here is breadth and impact. We continue to scale and expand in that space and it's important. We really see this value-based aligned care as a way to drive good value for those that we support and serve.
Brian Thompson: Yeah. And I would just say as Wyatt said, we're managing through this. From an environmental standpoint, it's not just clinicians, it's in all workers. But one thing I would say is, we had a fairly significant work at home presence before the pandemic even started. So sort of our employee value proposition sort of was we had a good value proposition before. It started net sort of carried through. And I think like all employers, what we're trying to do is take care of our people, do the right things from a reasonable in this standpoint and continue to focus on our mission. And that's what we're continuing to do. So I'm optimistic that we're going to continue to be able to staff our operation and provide the services that we need to all of our patients and members across the country.
Brian Thompson: Thanks for the question, Ricky, I think a few components there and what get -- try to get it all those. So just in terms of the relates to change an impact, I just point out that we don't bring in acquisitions into our outlook until those close. So my commentary, doesn't anticipate change in there and we would look to bring that until it closes. When that is complete, we've no reason to expect that we wouldn't be trending along the same levels that we talked about prior. When that does come in, it's just a question of when it comes in and year and how the benefits play
Brian Thompson: Sure, John. As you laid out at the beginning, while both our Medicaid and Medicare businesses are running still below baseline on a net basis, we are encouraged by the encounters with the physicians of primary care visits and annual wellness visits, as well as in-home clinical visits. Those have been encouraging. So I certainly expect less of a headwind in 2022 due to those encounters, certainly getting traction, certainly compared to 2021.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Hey, Kevin, Brian here. As I think about elective care, what we've really seen is a pretty steady return to normal. We don't really see what I'll call as an unnatural suppression, nor have we seen a significant bounce back suggesting a big catch up. In fact, when you think about scheduled care, what we have found is it most of that cycles through in about 4 to 6 months, we look at things like colonoscopies and joint replacements as good leading indicators.  And those are running pretty close to baseline, obviously with the spike that we saw in September, there's a little bit of that, but we would expect to flow through in the fourth quarter, but that's fully accounted for in our outlook. And I would just say from a commercial perspective, maybe echoing what Bill said, feeling really balanced, really across our fully insured growth for the quarter. So just optimistic that that was across not only our group business, but we also saw a return of our non-exchange individual growth. So a really good quarter from a fully-insured perspective.
Wyatt Decker: Thanks, BT and Josh, thanks for the question to A - Wyatt Decker. I would just add that at Optum Health and Care, we are very pleased to be playing a role in reinventing the U.S. healthcare system focused around patients as consumers and value-based care as a major pillar. As you mentioned, we've grown by 250,000 fully capitated lives this year. And we're excited to our partnership with UHC, as well as collaboration partnership with over 90 payers in total to continue to grow our value-based care delivery construct. The other point I'd make is you'll see us increasingly weaving together all of our assets in a comprehensive care delivery paradigm that we feel is unique and differentiated in the marketplace. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Yeah. Thanks for the question. And as Dirk mentioned, we focus relentlessly on the quadruple lame, including lowering total cost of care, and providing better outcomes and outstanding patient experiences. And we are relentless in monitoring specific data points that help deliver that out, those outcomes. Specifically, what we see is the members that are in fully capitated arrangements overall have about a 30% lower hospitalization rate and about 40% lower skilled nursing facility occupation rate than their counterparts and fee-for-service, Medicare, as an example. So we'll continue to drive that value proposition.  And as I touched on in the previous question but I'll go a little deeper, as you think about us with our home and community assets increasingly meeting people in their terms, in their homes to deliver components of value-based and primary care, preventive care, and wellness care, and identify early conditions that otherwise might have led to an ER visit or hospitalization. You'll also see us continuing to bring onboard very innovative behavioral health care delivery solutions that are integrated with the primary care providers that again, identify and treat mental health and substance use disorders by identifying them early and treating them in lower acuity settings when that's appropriate. Those are just a couple of examples of how we're creating value for those that we served. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Scott, this is A - Wyatt Decker. Very key question. And as you point out, the U.S. healthcare market is very tight right now. For us in our care delivery assets, we are seeing good both retention, engagement and recruitment of physicians and care providers. A couple of examples like give you, we mentioned at the start of the year, our intend to bring on-board 10,000 additional physicians to our ranks and we've already brought onboard about 8,000 year-to-date. So just as a high level indicator, why, what do we attribute this to?  And I would say in partnership with Patricia Lewis and our Human Capital team, we are relentlessly focused on supporting our front-line care provider teams throughout the pandemic. And they know this, and I haven't been deeply appreciative of it. And we work very hard and this precedes the pandemic, but has yielded dividends during the pandemic to support them in an environment that decreases clerical burden and allows them to focus on the work they love, which is actually taking care of patients, which is what we all want. So overall, we're managing through this. I won't kid you. It's tight and we're keeping a close eye on it throughout all of our operations in our 43 states where we provide care. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Absolutely. So we're very excited about bringing virtual care, as Dirk said, in a differentiated way into people's homes so that they can access care. We can help TRIOS them and onboard them. We can provide primary care and when needed, we can provide care delivery in appropriate in some instances in the home, or we're leveraging particularly our urgent care platform to provide nearby physical care. And then we blended in our virtual and physical behavioral care deliveries as well. So we're now live in all 50 states, we're serving over 7 million members today, and we look forward to continue to expand these offerings. Thank you.
Dirk McMahon: Yeah, we'll go to light on that. But let me first start by saying, of course, all of the providers within Optum Care, they are responsible for managing the downstream spend, whether it'd be at specialists, whether it'd be at hospitals. [Indiscernible] And one of the key things that we do within Optum Care is we made investments in our systems to absorb, take, and manage risk. It's just not a paper transfer. It's actually a system where the providers are fully aware of the capitated arrangements and they're managing accordingly. So Wyatt, why don't you add on top of that? You're more on the details.
Dirk McMahon: I mean, Justin, I mean, we of course, are going to always price to our best estimates of forward trend and we're going to take into consideration all the variables that we've talked about. That toggle that John just talked about between COVID, and what we expect with abatement. I don't want to get into the specific details clearly, that's competitive. But at the end of the day, just be aware that we've considered all factors as we priced our forward business within our books. Thanks. Next question.
Dirk McMahon: Okay. Why don't we send that question to Bill Golden, who will talk about all three of those. Not only the quarter, but also why do you think we're having some success.
Dirk McMahon: And I would just add on to what Bill said. I mean, the new products are important, but one of the fundamental things within the commercial group is clearly affordability. And as we sit back, we have a good program where we manage utilization, we manage medical cost initiatives. We work hard on our network contracts. So a lot of things contribute to success in commercial and some product and a lot affordability. So thanks for your question. Operator. Next question, please.
Dirk McMahon: Yeah. We say within OptumHealth or Optum Care, the build out of the home and community platform is one of the more important areas that Wyatt and his team are focused on. There has been lots of development there. Wyatt, maybe you could add a little color.
