Andrew Witty: Thanks, John. Before the Q&A, let me underscore a few key points. First, the strong momentum throughout our business. The people we serve are continually seeking value, high-quality care at fair cost, and our colleagues across Optum and UnitedHealthcare are raising the bar every day. You see that manifested in our business performance and the strong growth in our core platforms, double-digit growth across the Benefits businesses, a growing revenue backlog in Optum Insight, robust growth in our pharmacy services and expansion across Optum Health. We see tremendous opportunity ahead, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver our long-term 13% to 16% earnings per share growth objective and further advance our mission to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
Andrew Witty: A.J., thanks so much for the question. So first off, before I hand this to Brian Thompson to give you a few thoughts, we've been super pleased with the progression, particularly across the benefits business, as you've seen in the report this morning. But certainly within our E&I business, the commercial business had a very strong year. And I think the team have worked extremely hard to understand the kind of pressures you're describing as employers are obviously concerned about managing their own cost environment and how we make sure that the benefits availability for their employees are appropriate. Really, I would say, take just this opportunity just to emphasize how important the role of a company like UnitedHealthcare is here. Because as we all know, we're in a more inflationary environment. The role of UnitedHealthcare to help deliver affordability, affordable healthcare coverage to the employees of all of those companies that rely on it is super important. And maybe with that, I'll hand it to Brian to give you a little bit more sense of how things are playing out.
Andrew Witty: Justin, thanks so much for the question. Before I ask John to maybe comment a little bit on the business cost evolution and then Brian, I think will give you a little bit of perspective of what they're seeing in terms of hospital conversation, just a couple of step back observations maybe I would offer here. First off, as we look across the overall business, we are seeing tremendous growth opportunities and tremendous potential for us to invest behind those. And you see that picked up in some of the increase in investment levels that you see in the quarter this time around. I think that's an incredibly positive sign of the forward potential of the overall organization. John will talk a little bit more to some of those in a second. I think in terms of 2023, we are not going to get into a ton of detail on how we are thinking about pricing. But as always, we are very, very respectful of the kind of underlying phenomena within the cost trends of the environment. Of course, that includes a sense of where COVID may or may not be. And I think we have all learned to be deeply respectful of something like a pandemic and the uncertainties it can present. And even in the last few months we have seen that play out a little bit. And of course, respectful of things like inflationary trends in the environment and all of that plays into how we think about these things. Maybe just to give you a little bit more depth on the first part of your question, I'll pass it to John, and then maybe John, you could pass it to Brian, just to finish off on the second part.
Andrew Witty: Matt, thanks very much for the question. I mean, I think not to be too disappointing too, but I don't think you'd be too surprised that we don't generally comment on ongoing legal processes. And I think in this case, that certainly applies. So not really in a position to be able to give you too much information on that, but certainly appreciate the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Scott, thanks so much for the question. And listen, let me start off by saying we really believe that enhancing and building high-quality care provision in the home is going to be a key feature of the future. And the more that that can be linked to other aspects of care, so for example, physician clinic, virtual and the rest, it's very much a central focus of our Optum Health development. And so the bringing together of LHC within the overall Optum organization is really important to us, and we're very committed to that transaction. We believe it really is going to be a significant enhancement of the quality of care that can be delivered. And we think we can really -- it can really contribute towards improved value-based delivery for patients. I think, as is always the case, making sure that the incentive system is appropriate to drive the right kind of care is really important. So I hope very much over time that CMS and others continue to see the value of home care and that, in fact, the support is given and the signals are given to continue to increase the development of high-quality care in the home environment. And so we'll see how that plays out. Honestly, we are committed to this agenda very much because we see it as a strategically critical way of extending better care to folks in homes. And you have to remember, Scott, some of these folks can't get out of their homes. I mean, this is really -- this isn't kind of elective for them. They need -- we need to find ways to get more help to them. And as you know, we've got a long history in this in areas like house calls, which have delivered amazing health assessment and preventive direction to millions of people, and this is another big step for us to extend. So we're optimistic about this. We hope very much that CMS and others will continue to send signals of support through the way in which they choose to invest in this arena, and we'll see how that plays out during the rest of the year. Thanks so much for the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Lisa, thanks so much for the question. And I think UHC supported by Optum Rx are doing the completely right thing here to bring $0 co-pay and $0 out of pocket on some critical meds. And you've got to think about the consequences of folks who are unfortunately affected by the conditions that these meds address. If they don't get the meds when they need them, they're going to end up in the emergency room or worse. And that brings with enormous personal human consequence and, of course, cost. And so we believe this is a really appropriate place for us to lean in and to address that. In terms of -- before I go to Heather to talk about specifically Optum Rx selling season, I just want to step back for a second. I just want to let you know, Optum is in the middle of a record selling season across the board. If you look at the first 6 months of Optum, it, of course, including Optum Rx, but also the other 2 businesses, that we are in a record selling season. So this is a really significant period for us in terms of the fit of the products and services that we're offering across the marketplace. One of the reasons why you've seen a step up our investment profile in the business is because we're seeing such a strong pickup in our services. And maybe with that, Heather, you could address specifically what you're seeing in Optum Rx as you think about selling seasons into '23? And maybe also just touch on the value-based care aspect that Lisa described.
Andrew Witty: Heather, thanks so much. And Lisa, I think you're really right to focus us on this value-based piece. And as Heather just said, rather than it being an Optum Rx kind of standalone agenda, it's very much an Optum agenda, right, in terms of how we build value-based care propositions. And of course, you've seen that very substantially within -- in the primary care, kind of holistic approach that Optum Health is leading on. You'll continue to see us prospect experiment and invest in areas like behavioral health and in areas like oncology, and these are going to be important areas for us to solve. Right now, I'd say those are early day opportunities. But as you think about where the burden of cost and complexity sits in the healthcare environment, those are the kind of places where we need to make progress, and we are. And you should expect to hear much more from us on that over the next 2 or 3 years. Lisa, thanks so much. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Tim, thanks so much. And I think maybe there was a little glitch with Tim's mic at the beginning of his comments. So I hope very much you were able to hear him, and certainly hear the latter part of his commentary. And I think the sense of urgency and depth of thinking around innovation for our senior members and where that service can go over the next several years is really substantive, and you should continue to see us be super active in that space. Josh, I really appreciate the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Absolutely. Gary, thank you so much for the question. We just have time for one last question. So final question, please, operator.
Andrew Witty: Nate, thanks so much for the question. I'm maybe going to go to Brian in a couple of minutes just to give you a little bit of what he's seeing and what is kind of reflected in his membership. But listen, obviously, we all see the inflationary pressures around us, and we all know that that has -- that really focuses people's minds on how they prioritize their spend and investment. What it really means for us is we have to double down on getting a great deal for them. We have to use our capabilities to get the very best quality care available at the most affordable cost. And whether that's through the PBM, whether that's through the UnitedHealthcare negotiations with the rest of the medical environment. That's a really important role we're stepping into play, and we're going to continue to lean into that very much. Now then, it speaks to really being astute around understanding how within the consumer experience, some things are more problematic than others. And I'll call out one of the things we're announcing today to eliminate those co-pays on for people who are in really vulnerable situation. This is the right time to do that, to help those folks who are struggling, and we know that we need those folks to make sure they fill their prescriptions properly. And if there's anything caused by the inflationary environment that might hold that back, there's going to be really bad downside there. And we don't want that to happen. So we will lean into that. I'd call out things like virtual, call out things as you think about much more digital engagement. Call out choice. I mean, giving consumers more choice. The more pressure there is in the environment, you've got to lean into it. And that's why, as an organization, we have over the last 2 years really doubled down on our commitment to consumer strategy across the board. Core capability of this company going forward will be consumer capability. And that's an area where you will see us continue to talk about, invest in, build, innovate and we hope really lead in terms of moving the consumer to the center of thinking in healthcare. And maybe just to finish off, Brian, would love to get your perspective on what you're seeing from your very significant membership.
Andrew Witty: We certainly appreciate your time and attention today. And I hope what you heard is the story of growth and focused execution. As our strategy continues to generate momentum across our businesses and advance our mission on behalf of every person and every community, we're privileged to serve. Really grateful for your attention this morning. Thank you so much for your questions. We look forward to following up as usual with any further questions you might have offline. Thanks so much, and have a great day.
Brian Thompson: Yes. Thanks for the question, A.J., and I appreciate that lead in, Andrew. Most of these conversations have been around innovation and how do we continue to drive value-based solutions in the form of product design. That has really been the central theme throughout. We have showed up to the market with some new ideas around virtual care. You've heard about that with our partnership with Optum, both in terms of product design, as well as broader access beyond medical integrated with behavioral, et cetera, and how we really enable the consumer. High deductibles have - often have been a part of the equation for a long time, but Bind really puts that consumer in the driver's seat where they're able to choose what coverage they want with pre-service guaranteed costs. And that really resonates in the marketplace. And most importantly, for employers, it not only provides great quality, but lower price points. So I would say the conversations have been less around staffing and employment levels and more around value. And these examples of products have really resonated.
Brian Thompson: Yes, John, I think you summarized that well. I might just add on inflation. Obviously, as you well know, Justin, we priced to our forward view of cost, that includes inflation. We're certainly respectful of what we're seeing in terms of labor cost with our provider partners. And as you might expect, obviously, with long-term agreements, there will be more impact in 2023 than 2022, just as a function of time and how we renew these contracts. So certainly respectful of that dynamic and environment. Thanks.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks for that, Andrew. Maybe to put it in 2 zones. Macro, I think Andrew hit it right in that macro environment. It's really around virtual care and around emergency department use. We've seen, obviously, virtual care increase and emergency department use go down. As I think in the particular, again, back to that concept of consumer and choice, it's around product design, Bind being our best example when we can put that consumer in the driver's seat where they can choose site of service and optimize both their cost and quality, they do. And when you couple that with a high-performing network, obviously, you get the benefit both of the unit cost as well as that consumer choice. So those are the greatest examples that I can see really emerging in this environment.
John Rex: Good morning, Kevin, it's John here. So considering the growth in Optum Health and the earnings progression that you should expect out of that, the primary focus continues to be on expanding our capabilities for value-based care, that build out. These investments, as you know well because you've looked at this for a while, are made well in advance of any revenue impact that we get from bringing those physicians on. As we look at our pipeline, so when I talk pipeline, there are 2 ways to think about it. It's both potential future ads. But when I'm talking about it now with you here, I'm talking about even our existing base of clinical care delivery capabilities and where we have to build out that capability in terms of future value-based expansion. We're still quite early stage in that, which is why we hang in this 8% to 10% margin range for Optum Health, view being here that there is a decade ahead of build for us, so. And just when you look at our existing pipeline and what that can drive in terms of strong double-digit top line growth for many years as we bring this on. And the importance, in particular because of the value it brings to the patients we serve, of continuing to invest in these value-based capabilities. So as we build along this, you'll see as we try to do this, we try to -- we look to deliver in this 8% to 10% margin range. And I expect that to continue just because of these deep investments and still considering this very early innings, third inning in terms of the build that we'd like to see looking ahead for care delivery.
John Rex: Good morning, Whit. Yes, within the quarter, we actually took -- we realized some losses as we reposition the portfolio a bit here, looking out to the future, try to get that all teed up for the environment we're in right now. And so when you look at that, the quarterly progression, which I believe that's what you're focusing on, I'd call it some of the realized losses we chose to take in this quarter.
John Rex: Yes. As it relates to valuation perspective, I mean, our pipeline and our conversations as we expand in care delivery, these are multiyear conversations that we have. Often by the time we are able to partner with another care delivery organization, we've probably been in conversations with them for 5 years. Super long pipelines, development processes, relationships, understanding the organization. That is us understanding their organization, them understanding us. These go on for quite a long period of time. So with that perspective there, there's probably a little bit less volatility than you might expect in terms of as we pace out and we think about valuations in this business and where we would have stepped into it maybe a number of years ago where we are now. And even if you look towards a public market and such, this just don't manifest quite as quickly. But they also kind of on the other side, they weren't manifesting as quickly. So I would call it a little less impactful at this point and juncture, but the key point that I think we focused on is, these have been multiyear conversations and relationship builds for us as we move into these, and typically not a 6-month process.
