John Rex: Thank you Larry. The strength of our two business platforms drove strong, consistent, well balanced results in the quarter. Five of the seven reporting businesses had revenue growth rates above 10% as consolidated revenues grew 7.7% surpassing 50 billion in a single quarter for the first time. Our consolidated earnings from operations exceeded 3.7 billion and our net earnings to shareholders grew 30% year-over-year to 2.3 billion in the quarter. Second quarter adjusted EPS rose 26% to $2.46 per share. The second quarter medical care ratio of 82.2% brought our year-to-date care ratios to 82.3% putting us on track to be at or below the midpoint of our full year 2017 outlook of 82.5% plus or minus 50 basis points. Medical costs have been well managed and continue within our established outlook and market pricing across segments and products remains disciplined and rational. The operating cost ratio was 14.6% in the second quarter and 14.5% through the first six months.  For the full year we expect to be at or slightly above the midpoint of our 2017 full year outlook of 14.5% plus or minus 30 basis points. Due to the mixed impact of care provider expansions which carry disproportionately higher operating costs and which added about 80 basis points year-over-year to our consolidated operating cost ratio in the quarter. These mix changes signaled the continuing diversification of our revenues. Touching on capital for a moment, our Board increased our dividend payment rate by 20% to $3 per share annually at our June Board meet. And we expect to achieve a debt to total capital ratio of approximately 40% by the end of this current quarter, three months sooner than our previous outlook. Cash flows from operations through the first half of 2017 are solidly in line with our outlook and we continue to expect approximately 12 billion for the full year, an increase of 22.5% over last year. This morning we've increased our outlook for 2017 adjusted net earnings to a more narrow and higher range of $9.75 to $9.90 per share, prudently recognizing the strength in this quarter. We remain comfortable with the existing Street consensus view of third quarter adjusted net earnings per share. With full year 2017 adjusted EPS now expected to grow in the area of 22% of the midpoint we feel this is an appropriate stance at this point of the year. Steve. 
John Rex: Yes, thanks. John Rex here, so when I talked about the 80 basis points of impact, that was truly just the mix impact, a higher proportion of really care delivery businesses in our revenue base and that's the impact that we're seeing in the business. So that is straight up the care delivery business expanding and growing and care delivery business somewhere now in kind of two thirds of the range of all of OptumHealth. There are always investments we're making across the businesses and certainly within our OCR this quarter there were plenty but our commitment to you is to always balance those and as we deliver our results by that point of segment the 80 basis points does not include investments that we make.
John Rex: Thanks Scott, John Rex here. I will speak to this year. So we're not updating our tax rate outlook for the year here. Let me just talk a little bit about within the quarter because we did speak about it last quarter also. So there is nothing unusual that I would spike out in the 2Q effective tax rate beyond normal exercise activity. So typically with the share purchase -- with stock based compensation accounting we're going to see more impact in the first half and the second half in terms of lowering that tax rate. So we’d expect that to increase in the second half. In the first quarter we had really talked about half of the impact that we expected to be nonrecurring and that was really due to just an unusually large amount of stock option exercises. It was related in part to an older acquisition and so that was the piece we spiked out there. But I wouldn't spike out anything as unusual in this quarter's rate and we'd be at the still in that 32.5% zone. We’d always try to do a little bit better than we can and that would be my aspiration but that’s what it would be.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Thank you, John. We recognize at this point in the year thoughts begin to shift to the year ahead. Consistent with our past practices we are not going to discuss 2018 in any depth this morning, it's simply too soon, and there is too much unknown at this point. But we can offer directionally suggests the fundamentals of our businesses remain strong and we feel positively about our ability to perform and grow in 2018. Like any year 2018 will have its share of headwinds and tailwinds. The tailwinds are largely organic and company specific. Among them we would include continuing growth momentum and performance particularly with customer retention as our focus on NPS improves, increasingly effective capabilities to manage and contain medical costs, the improving leverage of our operating infrastructure, and our continuing efforts to optimizing capital management, investment income, tax cost, and other areas. The headwinds are largely around externalities. National and state healthcare policies, funding trends, and taxes which we and you are all following closely. We respect the complexity of the social, economic, and political matters that are intertwined here and certainly at this stage in the national conversation speculation about any outcome here would just be that. So we approach each year determined to overcome headwinds and grow to our best potential given the diverse and complementary portfolio of businesses and capabilities we can deploy. For 2018 and beyond themes for us will center around continued broad based and diverse organic growth across our portfolio. Steady substantive advances in quality and NPS that will gain further momentum in 2018 and position us well for the future. But first focus on costs, to drive better product price points continued evolution of our products and services toward more consumer centric and market response of designs particularly in healthcare delivery and pharmacy care services, deeper larger relationships, market alliances, and other channel partnerships.  Advancements in the application of next generation technologies to drive better health outcomes, value and consumer experience at lower cost. And with capital capacities at full strength continued focus on thoughtful deployment of capital including expansion and diversification both domestically and globally and return of capital to shareholders through market rate dividends and measured levels of share repurchase. We will give you some initial direction on 2018 in our third quarter earnings call and the full review at our November 28th Investor Conference. We remain positive and constructive with respect to our organizations potential to better serve the health and well being of individuals and improve the health system overall. As we respond to these needs we will realize the remarkable growth potential of this enterprise and we thank you today for your interest. Our executive team is here in the room with us to answer your questions and please only one question per person, thank you.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Justin you seem to have captured all the appropriate themes maybe we'll have Larry start and then Andrew pick that up.
Stephen J. Hemsley: It was to the benefit of the client, our benefit is the retention of customers and the growth that we get.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Why don’t we ask Steve Nelson kind of give you the broader themes and then Brian Thompson will fill in the rest. 
Stephen J. Hemsley: You know Josh we are really not going to try to get into themes that could affect 2018 outlook but we would really prefer to do that not in a peaceful way but in a more fulsome way when we can really talk about all the elements. The insurance tax is clearly if it has sustained a headwind influencing 2018 and its progress of data really effects the cost for consumers in both -- across the commercial Medicare and Medicaid markets, etc. And it's a factor in terms of market -- it is stabilizing factor in the marketplace both in its cost. So the return of the tax making would further destabilize the market which is already fragile. And make that market less affordable.  So we are we would clearly think that either repealing or deferring that would be a positive thing but as it relates to our actual workings with our 2018 outlook or tax rate and so forth we're just going to save those so that we can actually go through them with you in a more thoughtful way, in a more complete way, maybe to some extent in the third quarter but for sure at our Investor Conference. 
Stephen J. Hemsley: You know, I think we are but I think others are better qualified to respond to that. So, maybe Larry to begin and then Andrew.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So we'll continue to work with State and so forth but I don't see anything that establishes what might be a trend with respect to tying these kinds of programs together. States have been I think very thoughtful about this to date so I think that's the best response we can offer at the moment. Next question. 
Stephen J. Hemsley: Maybe I will have Steve respond to that but I think we've been pretty consistent in the past that we do expect that penetration to go forward and we do expect the MA market to mature and grow. 
Stephen J. Hemsley: Thank you. We’ll do two more questions and then we'll have to close it. So, we will do two more questions first. 
Stephen J. Hemsley: I'm not sure I can offer you too much specifics but that was intentional. I think that in general if you take a look at our organization we have grown well over the last couple of years. We've been able to add some and introduce some strong companies into our portfolio. And I think that if you see the growth and in essence the net productivity out of that you’d sit back and say there's an opportunity to strengthen the enterprise, continue to lead the enterprise focused on the things that are most important. And if you recognize the value equation as its played out in the marketplace many of today's themes were around retention of customers, value to customers, and so forth. As one of the questioners pointed out, the price point is a very important part of this. We have to challenge ourselves to deliver value all the time. We're in a very strong position, this is a great time to be taking that challenge up and that is what we're focused on.  We think we can deliver more value, we think we can drive more innovation, fresh approaches, and I think this enterprises folks who are ready to do that. The alignment of new technologies to that effort, use of more advanced data analytics produce a lot of opportunity for us particularly just given the set up of our businesses. So those are the themes around that and we are focused on our marketplace that's going to be looking for value and think that we can anticipate that. I think NPS is a big part of that effort as well. Thank you for the question. Next, last question please 
Stephen J. Hemsley: So thank you. Thank you once again for your interest in our progress today. Kind of midway through the year our performance and momentum remain strong. We expect to continue to deliver higher quality and value in healthcare and sustainable growth throughout 2017, 2018 and the years to come. Our thanks to our people who through their commitment to our mission and culture are helping to drive our enterprise to reach its full potential. Thank you and that concludes our call today. 
Andrew Hayek: Thanks Larry, good morning Justin. So as you know we have a belief that there's a significant opportunity to improve the quality, the experience, and the cost of healthcare on a national basis creating value for patients and the marketplace. And the experience over the past several years has been that physicians can achieve outstanding results when empowered with the right analytics, tools, and support. And the market is asking for these kinds of models to improve the cost, quality of care. So our approach is to tailor our market presence based on the local factors in each market that we serve, leveraging primary care, urgent care, surgery centers, and house calls, leveraging technology and tools from across Optum to create value for our patients and for our care providers. We are building this in a multi payer manner serving all payers in the markets that we serve and we believe your question that the market potential is very significant, the depth of the issues resolving, the value we can create for patients into the marketplace is very significant, and we look forward to creating a business multiples of our current size. 
Andrew Hayek: Thanks Larry and good morning Josh. So I would say the local markets remain competitive in different ways, in unique ways depending on the market structure. But as we look across our OptumCare platforms in physician groups, the SCA, MedExpress, house calls the distinctive capabilities that we have really created demand for what we have to offer in improving the quality, the cost, the experience, the care and improving the provider experience. And so I'd say is the market force has continued to push towards higher quality at more cost effective price points. The demand for a distinctive platform that can enable physicians and care providers to achieve better results, leveraging tools, and insight and other components of our platform the need for what we have to offer is growing. And we remain very bullish and optimistic around the opportunity to expand across the 75 markets to deepen our presence in the markets we currently serve. As Larry referenced we believe we’re in the very early stages of this opportunity and again in many respects the increasing competition increases the demand for a distinctive platform which we have. 
Andrew Hayek: It’s Andrew. I'd offer a couple comments here. From an SCA perspective the team there has been focusing on higher acuity procedures for several years in orthopedics, in spine, in cardiovascular and that includes total joint replacements which the SCA team has been performing on a commercial basis for a number of years with outstanding results. Very consistent with the AAA in terms of the quality outcomes, the patient experience, and of course material cost savings. So we've been applying that in the commercial environment and there's been discussion for a number of years at the CMS level around the potential to allow total joint replacement in the surgery center setting which we of course would embrace allowing us to extend the benefits of that platform in terms of quality experience and obviously reducing total cost and extend that to the Medicare population. So in many ways we have been anticipating this. This is something on a commercial basis we've been doing. We can obviously speculate as to how -- what the outcome will be but this is a positive and consistent with the strategy we've been pursuing.
John Prince: Justin, this is John Prince, CEO of OptumRx. I just wanted to talk a little about OptumRx and how we are doing. We're halfway through the year. We are hitting our new business targets and we remain very confident about hitting our full year target. Our retention is very strong, we have renewal rates in the high 90's. As Larry mentioned in the script we're very honored about the award from the State of New Jersey. That deal actually brings us more than 700,000 new members. We see a broad trend that large, sophisticated buyers are very attracted to our pharmacy care services model, it is very differentiated in the market. We've had some other normal wins and we have a health plan wins and also we have renewed our health plan clients who are out too this year. We have several new wins through the healthcare transformation alliance which we announced last quarter. I would say overall we are very optimistic about OptumRx's compelling buyer proposition in the market, it is resonating well and we are seeing very good results. 
John Prince: Sure. David, this is John Prince. I am not sure I followed all the math that you're doing but let me take it at a high level. I think you know I see at the high level happening and if you just look at our external client market is that our number of clients we serve is up, our number of scripts is up but actually the revenue is sort of flat on a per script basis and I think that is really what you see is that the value that we're doing really looking at net best cost for clients as we are delivering that. And I think that is also why our story is resonating in the market in terms of the value that we bring to our clients. What we're also seeing is that even though we're delivering that value our external product gross margin actually is up year-over-year.  So actually we're getting the margin online business was driven by that more volume. So we're actually getting greater margin on it but we're actually delivering that value back to the client. When we're going out into the market we're actually talking about not just the pharmacy cost but we're talking about total cost of care. So what you are seeing in the revenue here that’s our story of the market around pharmacy cost but our real value story as you go to market is people looking at total cost of care. And so we actually have a story in the market which we're talking to that actually talks about how we save a client $11 to $16 per month as they talk about our full synchronized solution. And that is what our clients are receiving. In our UHC book about 30% of the clients have that synchronized value. We also do that on a direct basis and also with other partners in terms of other health plans that we served in the market. So, clearly we are seeing a very differentiated value that our clients are seeing in their trend.
John Prince: Well the $11 to $16 goes back in terms of their total cost of healthcare, so it actually went forward to our number, actually the client would see that and the return it would give to them. 
Jeff Alter: Sure, thanks Peter. Its Jeff Alter. You know a few years ago we put forth a very purposeful initiative to expand our portfolio of fully insured products which included broadening that portfolio to reach many different price points and then connecting those products with varying network structures. So we have a very robust product portfolio that allows our clients to adjust to increasing medical costs whether that’s driven by pharmacy or driven by medical costs or driven by legislative and regulatory actions. So our clients have the ability to create five down opportunities or to change in complimenting their benefit strategies without having to change their carrier because of the proactive work we've done in our product portfolio particularly in our fully insured product portfolio.
Jeff Alter: You know I would say that there's far more interest in varying network constructs. One of the more popular choice has been the leveraging of our more than a decade old premium designation program where we use lot of the OptumInsight in analytics to determine the best providers, those that practice both first and foremost always quality but then efficiency. And so we've created network and product structures that drive people to those top tier doctors using either co-pay or co-insurance variations. It has become very popular because it helps our clients achieve the price points that are affordable for them but also given the comfort that people are getting better outcomes at a lower cost. And I think that's a real story of the integration of the UnitedHealthcare and in Optum to deliver meaningful value to a marketplace that first and foremost drives people to the best performing physicians. But overall achieves a price point for their sponsors. 
Jeff Alter: Sure, hey Matt. I guess I would try in my response to kind of a discussion of what's here. So I would say the market moves on value, it doesn't necessarily move on price. And we have been very purposeful across our product, our services, the focus on NPS has I think brought a much stronger value proposition to particularly the fully insured small growth market. Long-term disciplined pricing is a good thing and I think you're seeing the discipline that we had in the early stages of the ACA now coming back to us as a value play. Couple that with a very purposeful decision a number of years ago to broaden our product portfolio and to offer a much broader spectrum of network opportunities or choice for particularly our fully insured small group clients.  We also have undertaken a different view with our distribution community, our brokers and consultants, a more disciplined approach with them narrowing some of that distribution network to more favorite partners and giving them some added services. So one of the things that we've learned over the years that our brokers and our consultants in that marketplace seek to do business with those that make it easier for them to do business with. We've created again with the assistance of rally and our Optum partners a much easier way for our small business brokers to onboard clients with us, to make plan changes, to recommend using some of the OptumInsight analytics. The next logical moves for buy down so, you really have to look at the value we bring as opposed to the price of our product. I think it maps the answer to why our particularly our small group fully insured business has done well over the last few years. 
Larry C. Renfro: Okay, Josh the -- as you know when we put our program together, when we started OptumCare it was probably about 2012 when we brought the Optum business plan and so I would say we got out early in terms of how we were going to approach the market and how we were going to look at it from an investing standpoint or we would partner, we would contract, buy, build. So we had a lot of different strategies in terms of how we were going to really attack and put together our OptumCare program. So urgent care, care delivery, the surgery care, house calls, behavioral we have all of those programs in place and they are actually functioning extremely well. And I'm going to let Andrew talk about it but, the one thing I would say is we are early but we have an established platform. We didn't miss any boat here. We are out and we understand the marketplace and we are in the process of a evaluating many different organizations on how we say that they fit with us and we have a very robust opportunity that we are seeing in the marketplace. So with that I will turn it over to Andrew.
Larry C. Renfro: I’d just like to add one other aspect of the Optum business and that would be Optum360. Sometimes we forget that on the primary care side, the urgent care, and now what we're doing with surgery care across the board we have strategic relationships with a lot of the Optum360 clients that are actually involved with us in using those programs. And so we get caught up in terms of talking about how we're looking at our different programs in OptumCare mainly from a health plan standpoint when the Optum360 organizations are actively engaged with how we tie into them as well. So that's a whole other avenue of our business there.
Larry C. Renfro: It is an area of focus and Ana we’re obviously you're looking at both from a financial perspective as well from a margin perspective and all that is in line with our expectations. I am going to ask Tim to Tim Wicks to comment on this.
