John Rex: Thank you, Dave. I know you’ve had an opportunity to look through our first quarter financial results this morning. And as such, given the unique circumstances, I’ll be brief about the quarter. As Dave said, while it feels somewhat uncomfortable to be speaking of the financial aspects of this challenging situation, we know this is what you need to understand for your work. Given the timing of the COVID-19 outbreak and its progression in United States, the first quarter financial impact was limited. As you know, incidence rates in the U.S. only started moving meaningfully in mid-March. And elective care trends did not begin to be meaningfully impacted until later in the month. At the segment level, UnitedHealthcare and the OptumHealth, Insight, and Rx businesses all reported first quarter operating earnings that were in line with our own expectations going into the year. Looking ahead, we are maintaining our full-year 2020 earnings per share outlook. As I’m sure you would expect this view is subject to a number of key considerations that yet to play fully out, including the full incidents and intensity levels we experience, the duration and ultimate impact on economic, employment, and business activity levels, and the duration and extent of disrupted care patterns as the virus runs its course. Beyond our maintained earnings per share outlook, we anticipate other key Investor Conference metrics likely will play out differently than we expected at that time. And our quarterly progression will likely vary from historical patterns. For example, the environment today suggests the second quarter could be the lowest medical care ratio of the year, potentially, meaningfully so with elective care demand still restrained. Offsetting this impact, we would anticipate the second half medical care ratio could be meaningfully elevated. Among some of the factors we consider, people will hopefully have more comprehensive care access by the second half of the year. And some of the currently deferred care can be restored. Individuals with chronic conditions are among those for whom we have considerable concern in this environment. While we are mitigating the impact through other means, mistreatments can aggravate health status, resulting in initially more intensive care needs as the system reopens. We will proactively work to help them quickly seek care and the impact of testing and coverage expansion such as serologic tests. These are just a few of the factors we must consider, and I’m confident you are eager to probe into all of these areas and likely more. We appreciate your understanding of our need to defer on providing point estimates and even ranges today, given the evolving situation, the multi-variables at play and their interdependencies and our regard for the mini thoughtful views that will shape the situation. Our strong financial position and liquidity enable us to fully meet both of our operational and strategic needs. We ended the quarter with an intentionally higher excess cash balance and a higher than normal debt-to-capital ratio. This was a prudent response to what we saw in more volatile financial markets during the month of March. When considering our quarter ending excess corporate cash position, we size our debt to total capital ratio at about 40.5%. As markets become more normal, we will return to our previous cash management and leverage position. Given our critical relationship with our healthcare delivery partners, we moved quickly to implement policies to provide enhanced liquidity for care providers, by accelerating nearly $2 billion in payments, provided needed support to health systems and individual care providers. These types of actions are important to help provide more financial stability for the system. We expect some metrics such as days in medical claims payable and cash flow will be impacted as a result of these actions. Well, that will be transitory as we move through this situation together. With that, I’ll turn it back to Dave.
John Rex: So Gary, this is John Rex here. We get our Q up very, very quickly and we'll have that for you. And you can follow-up with Brett also if you need any color on that particular metric.
John Rex: I would just add that, this situation is just so different than anything we've seen before, when we look back at prior situations, when you've seen a cessation in demand, it's a different event. It's a hurricane, it's some other event where the system shuts down and when the system opens up, that demand comes back quite quickly actually as long as everything's up and operating. But this is one of the times where we just haven't been through it before either. So in terms of us trying to step out and understand, both when systems are up open and operating, when comfort levels are there to reengage with systems are elements that we certainly haven't experienced yet. And so I wouldn't want to step out and kind of predict the past that the past events that we've seen when something like this has occurred are predictive at all of that.
John Rex: And Josh, its John Rex, two-thirds of OptumHealth revenues are with our premium revenues, capitated revenues.
John Rex: Josh, clearly we have a number of surveillance tools that we use and kind of both the data and the direct communication. We have members, patients, our clinical workers, and all these are going to continue to inform our response and our forward planning.
John Rex: Sure. Hey, thanks, Charles. So a couple of thoughts, and then I won’t opine on anyone else’s, any other company’s comments they put out there. But let me just kind of try to give you a few of our comments. I think one of the very important things to keep in mind in this extremely different situation are the co-dependencies and the interplays across a business like us, in terms of all the things you’re describing. And so, when we talk about, there’s a lot we don’t know right now and we’re actually not going to try to make calls to some of those. Keep in mind that there are factors that move differently in a diverse enterprise like this. Intensity levels, durations of the virus impact also the duration and intensity of the deferral of elective procedures. So, there are factors in there as you go across the range of options that we consider the multi-variable factors that we look at when considering our outlook that interplay. And so, that informs kind of how we think about – how we just think about trying to consider different way that things would play out. And certainly, Dave did mention that, yes, and I mentioned also that we did – we have seen declines in procedural volumes and we saw those starting kind of late in March and those continued into April. But trying to use some of these other examples, even as you mentioned, the financial crisis as a measure, from our perspective aren’t necessarily still measures that we think are all that instructive because we haven’t seen a cessation in activity before like this. And the reasons for this cessation in activity are very, very different and the duration of those also is quite different. So, I don’t know that I’d even go to that one as kind of – as the instructive measure for us.
John Rex: Sure. So, I think our long-term capital deployment strategies remain. Our long-term capital deployment strategy is absolutely in terms of how we think about allocation of capital into our businesses, into new organic growth opportunities, M&A opportunities, and as we think about things like dividend and share repurchase also. And clearly, you saw, we responded, we are in the fortunate position of being able to respond to what we saw as some instability in the financial markets in March, by increasing our cash position in order to fortify that, and in part and kind of given the role that we play in being reliable partners for the broad health care delivery community. And so, that part being important, you can be sure that as we think about things in kind of the very near term, we’re respectful of markets, that is financial markets and how they’re behaving, and we’ll continue to be respectful of those and understand kind of that they are functioning and functioning fluidly as we consider those elements. And that may impact the timing of how we think about different capital allocation activities. We’re going to be super respectful of that because of the important role that we play in the health system and our obligations to be – provide health security for the people we serve and to be ready, enable and reliable partners for the health care delivery community broadly.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. I hope this gives you some insight into what we are seeing and the actions we are taking to serve people, communities and the health system during these unprecedented times. We are committed to applying the full capacity of our enterprise to serve, not just our patients, members, and customers, but also the hundreds of millions of people impacted across the nation and around the world. We will continue to protect our team members and their families, apply our skills, energy and broad capabilities to serve and aid others in this time of crisis. Our mission is to help people live healthier lives and to make the health system work better for everyone. This moment of challenge is proof of the resolve of the 325,000 women and men of UnitedHealth Group to achieve this mission, and you can also expect us to be fully prepared to excel on the other side of COVID-19, ready to respond to demand for health system resources and adapt our strategic priorities to emerging opportunities to lead in the development of the next generation health system in a socially conscious way. Let’s open it up to questions please. One per person, so we can get to as many as possible. Thank you.
David Wichmann: And so, as for – I think you can see that our days payable are consistent with quarter end last quarter and then also slightly elevated year-over-year as well. So I think you can take something from that. And then also just generally speaking, what's gone on with development in terms of the continued conservative posture of the business and how it records its year – quarter end, year end and other IBNR estimates. Just also rely on the fact that it's [inconsistently] [ph] applied to the best of our ability as always and then formed not just by claim lags, but other things as well. So on OptumHealth I might suggest that rather than responding directly to your question, I just suggest it is right on our expectations. I know there's some commentary about it this morning, but it was definitely on our expectations. What people, I don't think realize about this business is that the elective and chronic disease management deferrals work both ways in a business that has two-thirds of its business, our revenues are risk-based and third of them are fee for service space. So you might want to think about that as you think about the performance expectations of this business going forward. I just want you to know I'm very proud of this team and how they've served and how they've adapted. And if I can, I'd ask Wyatt Decker to provide you with a few examples of how the team has performed.
David Wichmann: So that was Dr. Wyatt Decker. I think most of you know Dr. Decker well enough by now having been with us for a while. But just as a reminder, he was the CEO of Mayo, Scottsdale, which is obviously one of their strongest flagship locations. He is also an emergency room physician, which clearly showed through in this crisis or showing through in this crisis, he is intensely calm right in the middle of the crisis. And if you think about the numbers and things they've had to deal with let's just say it's been an honor and privilege to have him here with us today. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: It could affect our cash flows in the Q2. That maybe the way to think about it. Next question please. Thank you, Steven.
David Wichmann: So, A.J., it's Dave. [Indiscernible]. So, yes, just as this hit, there was a lot of activity in the commercial markets, let's call it, where folks were trying to get their employees to safe place, work at home, and to kind of reestablish our operations as you would expect. It isn't as if everything dried up, but it did slow down a lot. And at least as it relates to the commercial markets, I would expect that, that will come back online here as we get to the other side of COVID-19 or at least for a period of time. Where I think the other place I'd like you to have commentary on would be with Andrew Witty, if Andrew might want to talk a little bit about the impact of the COVID-19 on the appetite for health systems and health plans and others, I mean what their availability has been for business as well.
David Wichmann: Thank you, A.J. So my view is that we'll see a strong demand for Optum’s value proposition, once we get to the other side of this situation. Next question please.
David Wichmann: So, it'll have a lot to do with whether it comes back in the fall, what the timeframes are wearing off, whether the elective procedures come back online at what pace, there are just so many unknowns right now, Kevin. So I wish we could answer your question more fully and we hope to be able to provide you guys more guidance going forward. Next question please.
David Wichmann: So obviously there's deferrals of services, their utilization is lower against their capitated base as an example. So as it relates to the guidance going forward, based upon what we see at this stage, we're maintaining that guidance is really not a whole lot more to be said about it, but I think John articulated well, which suggest that the elective deferrals today are offsetting COVID-19 costs. And what we are committed to today is to the extent that, that drives any imbalances in terms of performance or economics across the system. We're committed to rectifying those as swiftly as possible. Obviously we have to be thoughtful about how we go about that. But that's one of the commitments that we're making today.
David Wichmann: Yes, it could be. So there's a number of things to take into consideration, there is challenges with health system funding and liquidity at the beginning, so we put $2 billion to work. There was clearly homelessness and insecurity issues evolving, so we put a fair amount of dollars to that. There was a shortage of PPE broadly across the country, including with our own care delivery capacity and we were remained resolved and committed to making sure that not only our health workforce, but the health workforce broadly stays protected. So not only did we source PPE, but we’re also focused on generating new and innovative testing capacities that would resolve PPE use as well as keep broadly the health workforce safe across the globe. So those are all good examples of what I'll characterize as imbalances that occurred throughout and obviously there's the possibility of financial imbalances to occur as well. And, so as we think about those, employers are having furlough employees, they have no revenues today, they need and want to keep people in coverage. And it very well could be that in under the circumstances, deferrals of services outweigh COVID-19 costs, in those situations not only would there be normal MLR rebate situations, but we very may well find ourselves in a position where we can provide some additional premium relief to those clients. It remains to be seeing whether or not we are able to do so and to what extent, but it is something that we're deeply committed to doing. Next question please.
David Wichmann: And let's say, as it relates to our care delivery practices, we've been evolving the ways in which we provide care and ensuring that our chronic members who have also deferred treatment, that they have the option to get treatment through these telehealth capacities, the way in which we're working on OptumRx to make sure that they are compliant with their pharmacy solutions and the way in which general pharmacies are available and community mental health centers and federally qualified health centers to ensure that those patients who have high needs are attended to as well. So there's evolutions that are going on underneath, what's happened here to make sure that we're opening up capacities in new and different ways. And then the only other thing I would say is that when we get to the other side of COVID-19, our operations are all standing ready to respond to the demands that might be there. So our ambulatory surgical care centers will be available immediately to respond to the demands, the pent up demands that will exist for joint replacements and the number of other things that they do so well. So part of what we're doing is, making sure that when we get to the other side, we're ready. And not only ready to respond to the immediate demands, but also we're ready to adjust and evolve our business strategies to respond to the things that we've learned through this crisis. Thank you. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Thank you. My comments would be that is exceptionally well capitalized company. It’s been maintained with the capital structure, been maintained very consistently with high integrity. And I think it’s one of the strengths of an organization going into the situation to have the capital structure that we have today and the financial backing broadly. Next question please.
David Wichmann: And one of the things we did was, as part of all, is we created a – leveraging that swabbing testing capability, so it allows for self-administration in a clinical setting. We also, alongside that developed a new test – set of testing protocols, procedures and applied technologies for the health workforce. And part of it was to ensure that that workforce is safe to apply their services, but also that we were able to ensure that they were as fully available as possible, which I know is on the top of mind for each and every one of them. So that technology, those protocols, that process that was developed, likely find its way not only into a clinical setting but also could find its way into other essential business settings as well, as a normal course of business going forward. So, we could see applying those types of concepts across OptumCare but frankly across the industry. We have time for one more question, please.
David Wichmann: I think as it relates to this one, at least so far, they probably have performed just fine. Obviously, it will remind a number of them about how important it is to align with certain partners that have a strong financial standing. And I would characterize UnitedHealth Group, in particular, Optum and OptumCare as being those kinds of entities. So, I hope what they do is they seek a greater sense of alignment towards, with partners or choose their partners based upon the strength of them in multiple different dimensions. And I think Wyatt has done a great job of building that business in a multi-dimensional way with a great number of strength. So, hopefully we’ll see greater alignment to UnitedHealth Group.
David Wichmann: Thank you for your questions and thank you all for your time and your questions today. As we’ve shared with you, we’re going to continue to apply the full breadth of our resources, technologies, innovations, and compassion to support our members, our patients, provider partners, our team and the broader health system as we see our way through this global health crisis together. Please be safe each and every one of you and thank you for your time today.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Justin, for the question. So, on a premium relief, we're working with our customers on a daily basis to find the right solutions to ensure their employees can continue to have access to the care they need. I'll give you a little bit of numerical context. In a typical month, we extend grace periods or offer payment plans to customers. That represent about 0.4% of our premium base. For March one premiums, we collected most of the premiums prior to the COVID impact really kicking in. And these extensions increased to about 1% of our premium base. So for April 1 premium so far, the amount of extensions have grown to about 3% of our premium base. So, a little bit elevated, but we're going to continue to work with our customers on payment plans to give them the options for coverage that they need. Let me switch to your second question. You talked a little bit about commercial pricing. Of course, we're in the process of developing our pricing for 2021. We're closely monitoring the emerging COVID-19 information and including things like the claim experience from our members who have been diagnosed with the disease, as well as the abatement of other procedures. We're going to continue our commitment to pricing to our forward-look of costs, including estimates of things like significantly increased testing costs as well as hopefully the cost of the vaccine. Our view of the 2021 costs will continue to evolve as we learn more about the virus. The majority of our member [months] [ph] they should note are really priced after September. So, we'll have time to get a better view on what the 2021 environment will look like.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. So, thanks for the question. As I said in January, we were expecting to be down for both fully insured and self-funded membership in the first quarter. But we expected to gain that membership in both areas as we paced through the year. With the current COVID crisis, we expect to be down for the year as business is closed and employers reduced payroll associated in driving group attrition. At this early stage, I can't tell you what that will be. Again, I will say we'll continue with our pricing discipline and remain focused on delivering the unique value proposition for both our customers and consumers. We do expect to see, as you noted, increases in Medicaid and our individual products to ultimately offset some of the losses we experienced in the commercial group business.
Dirk McMahon: Yes, sure. Thanks Dave. Yes, we began to look at participating in more exchanges prior to the COVID-19 crisis. And so we're still in the process of going through market-by-market, evaluating the relative efficiency of our network, our ability to compete and states where we would like to extend Medicaid. You asked me that we’ll have a more hardened view of our individual exchange intentions on the second quarter earnings call.
Dirk McMahon: Yes, well, like I said, to begin with, the majority of our member months to start off with were – pricing for the majority of our member months, for 2021 we are going to be priced after September. So we'll have a little bit better view. Now, many of the midyear renewals are sort of going out the door. So that's sort of the scenario we're in.
