Stephen J. Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. Today we are in a strong position at a unique moment in time. We have the opportunity to considerably elevate our performance around quality and customer satisfaction, delivering greater value and driving unparalleled organic growth across our entire franchise. While remaining as always disciplined on pricing and cost management. We are focused on delivering higher quality at every touch point with every customer and consumer, doing this well elevates customer trust and loyalty, loyalty that becomes the foundation for an extended period of growth benefiting consumers, society and shareholders. We're intensely focused on this agenda and expect it will produce strong clean results in 2016 and a positive view of opportunities in 2017 and the decade to come. So thank you for your interest today. And operator, could we please open for questions, again one per analyst please this morning. Thank you.
Stephen J. Hemsley: What we're trying to convey is that we added $125 million to the quarter and added for the full year. So the PDR has increased. We weren't going to get into the exact amount of the PDR in this morning's. Maybe we can take that off line through the course of the day.
Stephen J. Hemsley: If you look over the last four years you'd say this quarter was more normal and that last year would be more of a low outlier. Next question, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: And so that's why I think we're in the early stages but have such a well-established base in this, so I would think that there will be continued evolution and growth to come from this.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So really what I'd say is in three dimensions, well dispersed geographically, well mixed between new to Medicare and new to us, and then a good mix between individual and group, so stable group.
Stephen J. Hemsley: And I think the point you made about how well dispersed we are geographically is key, so good question. Next, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Sure. They actually, I think, are two different categories, so I'll ask Larry to touch on international because I think when we talked about it in the context of growth it was more on the Optum side. And then Dave can touch on Brazil.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So profitable despite the economic stress, not particularly helpful political environment, but continuing to actually fare well and growing as a – in terms of its dimension as a delivery system, which I think is distinctive in that market. Next question, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So maybe we'll talk a little bit about the M&A activity we have done. We typically don't comment on where we're going in these areas for a whole host of obvious reasons, so our comments in M&A are more retrospective than they'll be prospective.
Stephen J. Hemsley: No real change. The same basic agenda, looking at capabilities, looking to build out the platforms. Probably on the international side there might be more opportunity in services and benefits at the time, so good question. Next, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: These used to go through equity in the past, so they're now just going through the P&L. And one other question you might have, just to make it clear, why is it $0.06 in the first and $0.04 in the balance of the year, and it is just the timing of the way in which we issue equity in our business, which is generally in the first quarter.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Let's do the first one first with Dan, and then maybe Jeff can comment on the national business scene.
Stephen J. Hemsley: It's probably more a dynamic next year. So maybe we only have time for maybe two more questions. So next, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: That is quite a question, and I admire the direction of it. But maybe I could only respond to it in the broadest context.
Stephen J. Hemsley: If I were to take some of the national account clients that we're privileged to serve and who have been more progressive adopters of the entire breadth of capabilities that we can bring to them and then working with them cooperatively and then working with them in terms of how they are engaging their consumers, if you will, you actually see distinctive performance patterns. And you see them distinctive in terms of, I'd say, two dimensions, better use of the healthcare resource system, resources in total, and a year-by-year improvement in the consistency of that pattern of usage, and improvement in their overall health status as they embrace with and get comfortable with programs that are more consumer-friendly and easier and, as you suggest, fueled with data analytics that are now really positioned that they can actually act on them and the whole spectrum of what we have been talking about that some of the things that we are doing and capabilities we're putting in the marketplace on a real-time basis. The marketplace is adjusting in terms of how do I exactly use these. They know directionally how they want to use them. I don't know if they are nuts and bolts to quite that point, but these more progressive clients have had distinctively better cost positions and distinctively better patterns of consumer decisions, resource utilization, and health status, wellness. If we can translate that from those venues to the more progressive – to make them more progressive in other sectors of the marketplace, and I think about the large government sectors because they have the same attributes as large health employer sponsors. They are sponsoring large populations. They have more influence on how these programs go. Then you begin to get into the water with respect to consumer behavior and you get into the water with respect to care provider behavior. And those kinds of developments I think can really establish these patterned measures, can really drive change. And clients are seeing it, states are seeing it, governments are seeing it. Some of Larry's commentary with respect to international is showing some of these patterns to international governments that have arguably a different healthcare system. And their response to these things and then the whole idea that the technology is now capable of doing this at such scale and such speed and doing it down to a mobile expression, whoever uses that mobile expression, whether it's a care provider or a consumer, those things are playing out. So we are in the early stages, the best way to see it is in the large national accounts. And then, believe it or not, you can see it in some of the things like Medicaid, where you can see large state sponsors that once they really get these programs in a mature state, are driving distinctive results relative to the populations they're serving. The next stage is really getting this directly to the consumer. And I think there, platforms like Rally really represent the first generation of a way to actually jump over and really get in the consumers' head using these applications and things like that. And I think this is just the beginning. So that would be my reaction to it. I don't know if we can react in a more granular way. So I thank you for that question and next question, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I don't think we're going to get into – we typically don't get into the nuts and bolts of the Medicare rate. We would again kind of express disappointment that the funding patterns that Medicare has been using for Medicare Advantage seems to under-fund a program that is so well embraced by seniors and so effective at serving them. So we continue to advocate for more consistent and more market-oriented funding for that. So, Steve, I'll – beyond that comment, offer your response to that and then the – her second question.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So that's the end of our questions. So just in closing, I offer that we have a unique opportunity to serve more people in more meaningful ways in distinguished UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare through the quality of our work. And as we elevate our focus on quality service to consumers and customers, we expect broad-based growth to follow. So we thank you, and that concludes our call this morning. Thank you very much for attending.
Daniel J. Schumacher: So let me – why don't I recap what we shared with you in our prior conversations and then talk specifically about what we're updating today. So in January we described an expected combined loss for both the 2015 and 2016 policy years of $1 billion. Inside that, the 2015 policy year loss was $475 million, and that number, as Dave mentioned, remains unchanged. Obviously, the balance related to the 2016 policy year, so at that point was estimated at $525 million. Today we are updating our full year outlook for the 2016 policy year to a loss of $650 million. So that $125 million increase was fully recognized in our first quarter financials and not surprisingly our PDR, as you asked, did increase over the course of the first quarter. As we look at it, our enrollment is very much in keeping with our expectation at that 795,000 lives on the exchange specifically, and I'll tell you that well over half of that enrollment is new to us this year. So as we look at it, the early indications on the health status of the members appears to be a little bit worse, so we are being appropriately cautious in updating our full year outlook and recognizing that additional $125 million in the first quarter financial results. In the month of June, importantly, we will have a first indication of how our risk scores actually compare to the industry and we will look forward to updating you further at that time with regard to our individual ACA business. Thank you.
Daniel J. Schumacher: No, the only thing I'd highlight is just add a little bit more color on some of the things that are contributing. As we look at trying to drive greater value for customers and consumers that we serve, some of the areas not surprisingly we've talked to you about at length in the past, our focus on inpatient management is ever present, 2015 marked our seventh consecutive year of absolute reductions in both admissions and bed days on a per capita basis and that's true across all of our lines of business. But we also extend that work into other areas with particular focus around outpatient because it's one of the bigger drivers of cost and making sure that we're driving care to the most appropriate setting and likewise looking at out-of-network spend. So there's some context, Matt, on some of the things that we're looking at. And as you look at the contribution to the quarter, I would tell you the change in the development, the majority of that, was P&L impacting to your question.
Daniel J. Schumacher: Good. So as we looked at our medical costs in the quarter, they were – we had expected coming into the year a moderate increase in the trend, the underlying utilization trend, and I'll tell you in the first quarter we were able to manage to that outcome and so very consistent with it. On a category basis, I would tell you that I wouldn't spike out any change relative to the guidance that we provided at the investor conference back in December. And we continue to expect on the full year a commercial cost trend in the range of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points.
Daniel J. Schumacher: Sure. Thanks, Josh. I appreciate the question. Certainly in the quarter we had very strong growth in our commercial business. It was well balanced across both funding status as well as geography, and then within that by line of business. As we talked at the investor conference, you can look at the fully insured result as an example. The results inside there are actually muted a little bit by a large customer in a third-party exchange that went through a funding conversion. So if you actually adjust it for that, you'd see inside there really are strong growth in our small and middle market, and we continue to see customers responding to the value proposition that we're offering in the market. And we also see from a pricing standpoint our competition moving more in line with us. So as they orient more around a future outlook of cost that resembles something closer to reality, what we see is that we're becoming more competitive, and that market frankly favors is.
David Scott Wichmann: Sure. Thank you, Matt, for the question. The prior year reserve development in the first quarter of 2016 advanced explicitly by about $220 million or so, and that on a comparative quarter basis. That influenced our MLR favorably in the quarter as well as our EPS as well. The development, although I won't get into the specifics of how that's broken out by line of business, it was pretty broad reaching across all of our lines of business, and really is reflective of what we experienced in the fourth quarter as well, which is the delayed realization of affordability efforts and end market initiatives that we pursued in UnitedHealthcare in the back half of 2015. So we're very pleased with how our trends are developing consistent with the forecast that we provided you before and obviously this is a favorable development in the quarter.
David Scott Wichmann: Hi, Christine. It's Dave Wichmann. So just specifically a few comments on Amil and the activities we've undertaken. The business remains profitable as it was last year. Similar to last year, it's continued to become more and more competitive in the market and I'd say the market segments that are the most attractive in Brazil. And the performance improvement across the business has been substantial. We have put in very strong pricing and cost containment disciplines. We've improved our service substantially down there, I'd say, to more of a kind of a UnitedHealthcare-style service approach, but in Brazil. Our Net Promoter Scores in the market continue to advance, and we have a more extensive and better performing healthcare delivery company broadly, so I'd characterize that all as a stronger foundation. Obviously, we're still impacted by the devaluation of the real. That affects both our revenues and then you can see it there probably best, where in local currency, we have a 16% increase in our revenues, but when you translate into the U.S. dollars, it's a 15% decrease. And I think it's obvious that the economy is not particularly strong there, companies are struggling, middle class is flat to declining slightly, and obviously the political situation is unsettled. It certainly doesn't help things a whole lot. So we are pretty measured in terms of our view about Brazil right at this point in time. We are competitive, like I said, in certain segments and we are focused on our growth in those segments, and we are growing. We do have a fair amount of in-group attrition right now as employment levels decline on a – at an employer-by-employer basis, but we are seeing growth underneath all of that, which is very encouraging. I think most important, really, as it relates to Amil is that we've – not only are we a strong insurance company, but we've created a strong healthcare delivery company throughout the course of the time that we've owned Amil and we see that as very positive positioning in that market and a meaningful source of our overall performance advance expectations here in 2016.
David Scott Wichmann: A.J., thanks for the question. It's Dave Wichmann. So our acquisition pipeline and our acquisition activities are really focused in a couple of areas in particular. Obviously, we just got done talking about the size of the services market globally, and so we continue to invest capital to access or broaden our capabilities across Optum and then to also establish a foundational market position, so it can grow from there. We also see interest in the – still in the international markets, although our activities there have dampened just a bit given the – how those global markets are performing overall. And of course we still have interest kind of broadly across our business. We haven't done much in the health plan space in quite some time because of all the work that we've done over the course of the last two decades to establish strong market presence as well as strong presence in each Medicare, commercial and Medicaid. But certainly we would continue to consider those things in the future. As it relates to the first quarter, I think folks know that we funded the Helios acquisition at that time, which is a workplace health PBM, in the first quarter. We also, as we have indicated in the past, have a strong interest in continuing to develop our OptumCare business. And so there's a small acquisition inside there as well.
David Scott Wichmann: Tom, it's Dave Wichmann again. So thanks for your question. The tax rate change is really because there was a new accounting pronouncement that came out in March, which we think has a $0.10 impact on the full year of which we recognized $0.06 in the first quarter. The pronouncement wasn't required to be adopted until 1/1/2017, but as is often the case, if we're prepared to adopt, we go ahead and adopt early as allowed by the pronouncement. The sustainability of that is this is going to be a little bit of a challenge, I think, broadly for companies because what it does is subjects your tax rate or your tax position to more of a period type cost or some more volatility overall in the expected effective tax rate, and in part because it has to do with the combination of the performance of your stock and then also the timing of option exercises as well as stock-based plans, either vesting and/or becoming available to employees at given points in time. So there will be a little more volatility in the rate. We expect the full year rate to be in the neighborhood of about 41% or so for the full year 2016. And we'd expect on that at least this impact, if you will, of the new accounting pronouncement to be pretty consistent year-after-year, depending upon, again, how the stock price performs as well as the vesting activity underlying our equity-based plans.
