Stephen Hemsley: I don't think we were really suggesting anything other than we had said at the investor conference, that, obviously, there were rate actions taken related to 2014 that we believe significantly underfunded the program. And we had indicated there that we are -- continue to be watchful about the funding posture on the Medicare Advantage program. And we will continue to be watchful of that and continue to advocate strongly for consistence, reasoned funding of these program and continued commitment to American seniors who participate in them. I think we didn't really mean anything more than that. 
Stephen Hemsley: I don't think we can. At kind of that distance, we think these programs are extremely effective and they're effective in terms of their cumulative effect. And we are intensely engaged on them across, basically, all of our benefit businesses, but certainly as they relate to government programs. In terms of the discussions that were held in December, we are not going to speculate, really, on what ultimate funding may come forward or change our position on that. We are going to be intensely engaged as that process goes forward. And as I've said before, we're going to continue to advocate strongly for strong and responsible funding to these programs. And I think we really can't speculate on a process that is really just not even really formally begun. 
Stephen Hemsley: I'll just finish by reinforcing the fact that we were pleased to be part of that. That was a broad team effort. There were significant efforts and progress made in terms of the participation from CMS, their leadership and their staff. And all of the partners, the outside suppliers around that, everybody pulled together in an extraordinary way to do that, the only way that could have been accomplished. And so, really, the credit really should be spread broadly. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, again, we're not going to speculate on where the funding activity will ultimately play out. We have a very broad and diverse business. We are intensely focused on improving our performance across the board. As you can see, the performance that has been achieved in -- broadly in several areas across UnitedHealthcare. The sense of growth in Medicaid to the very strong performance that we had in the commercial business this past year and the opportunities internationally. And then the opportunities for Optum, I think, are impressive and they have established a track record of performance. And we are intensely focused on our cost and the continued improvement of our businesses. So I would think that they would be all the traditional kinds of things that one would be pursuing. And we are pursuing them, I think, with significant intensity. I just think that in January, off of the strength of a phone call conversation in December with CMS, that we should necessarily take undue direction from that and that we will see how this process proceeds. And as I've said before, I think that there is a broader sense of responsibility to American seniors than to have underfunded the program, by our measures, about 6.7% last year. And if there is speculation that there would be underfunding at that level again in this year, that would be almost a 13% pullback on Medicare Advantage over the course of 2 years. And we would think that, that would be extraordinarily disruptive. It remains to be seen. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I think that we have probably more areas to accelerate and to grow and build on than perhaps anyone else in the space. And then we would take the steps necessary with respect to benefit adjustments, market considerations, network actions, premium actions, cost and distribution cost. So there's a broad repertoire of actions that we are taking and the question really comes down to the intensity of those. And that's where we get down to disruption. 
Stephen Hemsley: Good discipline, well-aligned with medical cost trends and, really, not particularly significant changes in the marketplace. We're competitive, but we think we are pricing well. 
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, we did recognize that savings. As I talked about at the Investor Day, there's -- we're not changing our guidance for next year. The avoidance of those expenses in 2014 compared to '13 definitely provided us with earnings lift in 2014. 
Stephen Hemsley: You know what, I can't really speak to what I think about that right now. We'll hold off. We're sort of in the rule-making phase as we speak right now. We got to let the full rule play out. We'll give our comments during the comment period as will our competitors. We'll be able to speak more deeply about this as the year progresses, when we get a specific visibility into what the rules are. 
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, it's a very localized business, local programs. So these margins run their range from year-to-year across that -- those geographies. And given our scale, we aspire to the higher ends of those margins. But we will run the range of those margins across our markets over time. So it is a business with a great deal of variation market to market. 
Stephen Hemsley: So Dirk, do you want to comment in general. And then I think that sounds to me more like a Medicaid question than a drug question. But maybe you want to talk about the specialty additions. 
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. So from -- we do expect higher utilization of these drugs in 2014. We did see that in 2012 as well when we had the new introductions that came in mid 2011. But that's obviously something that's part of our forward outlook. It's contemplated in our pricing. In terms of the implications on our trend, we are talking basis point, not points, and it's fully reflected in our forward outlook. With respect to Medicaid specifically, just as the insurers' fee and other elements are components of cost, it is an element that goes into our build-up. It's an active part of our dialogue to the extent that we're covering pharmacy benefits in a state and it will be part of our beta process that Steve Nelson talked about. So thank you. I would say that, that will conclude our comments today. We remain intensely focused on the challenges and the opportunities of 2014 and 2015. And we thank you for joining us and thank you for your continued interest in our enterprise. Thank you. 
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Christine, on the revenue recognition side, as Steve mentioned, the overwhelming majority, we've got commitments. With respect to revenue recognition, we'll be relying on written commitments. We have a very good share in hand today, but still have some more to get and will make progress over the course of the first quarter and throughout the year and that will influence the timing of the revenue recognition. 
Daniel Schumacher: You fit a couple in there. With respect to the insurance fee specifically, the majority of our states are looking to do a lump sum true-up once the fee is actually known. So we'd expect to get it in the September timeframe from a reimbursement standpoint. And in terms of how many we have in hand from a written commitment, we have less than half but more than 1/3. So we're making strong progress and we've got -- we expect in the next week and the coming weeks to be more of that, as well as for the second quarter. Your other question around pent-up demand, that was more, I think, aimed at the expansion population in the newest health members into those markets. We do have an expectation of higher views related to those new members and we have, in the vast majority of our states, a separate rate sell that does account for and reflect a higher initial use pattern. We'd expect that, obviously, to moderate over time as our clinical programs take hold. 
Daniel Schumacher: Chris, it's Dan Schumacher again. With respect to recognition, obviously, the expense associated with the tax will be incurred in each month across the year. On the revenue recognition, we will rely on written communication. And where we have those, we'll be booking revenue in each of the respective quarters. And where we don't, we'll be weighting what we do. Even though you mentioned lump sum, they may pay in lump sum, but you will recognize appropriate matching once you get a contract. 
Daniel Schumacher: Sheryl, this is Dan. From a fourth quarter standpoint, as we look at that, medical costs were well controlled. If we look at the implications on both loss ratio and trend, they were very much in keeping with our expectation from Investor Day and set the stage for the right jumping off point into 2014. 
Daniel Schumacher: Yes. And Scott, this is Dan Schumacher. I would just add that, obviously, in small group, there's a lot more variability than there is in large group because small group's going through the transition to adjust to community rating. And based on your health status previously, there's more variation in the price differential at the group level in the market than there is at the large group, which is always okay. I don't think there's any really new change in the marketplace. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Justin, it's Gail Boudreaux. In addition to what Jack just said about network, I think it's important to think about that this activity across network is going on across all the benefits space. And Jack referenced some of just the incredible pressure in the system around rising costs, connectivity and, quite frankly, getting better outcome. But in addition to just the shaping of the network to meet the unique populations in Medicare, we're also very focused, as you know, on increasing our pay-for-performance across Medicare. We talked about that a little bit at our investor conference, moving that up dramatically over the next few years. Greater clinical integration. And it's all to drive better outcomes. And again, those who respond to CMS' desire to have greater primary care centric networks and better outcome, that's happening across all of the benefits businesses and it's really important about -- as we think about modernizing the health care system. So what we're trying to do there, I think, is evident in Medicare, but it's also evident in our other business. And our support is provide better data and allow these physicians to better and more effectively manage these patients. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Well, Ralph, first of all, in terms of the public exchanges, I think you know that we've got a very modest footprint. And as I shared at Investor Day, our decisions around 2015, our participation will really be very much reliant on how this market matures. So at this stage, we're really not projecting our participation. We will be looking at sort of the -- how robust the enrollment is, what the risks in those markets are and the consumers participating and, quite frankly, the cost structure is on those markets. So at this stage, I don't know that we have any additional guidance to give you from what we shared at the investor conference, but that's our outlook. 
Gail Boudreaux: Again, it's a maturing marketplace. It's really early. It's just rolled out. We'll be looking at a market-by-market basis. So we're not going to give guidance around our participation at this stage, but we're going to watch the markets mature. And we'll get more information and we'll be sharing that with you as it becomes known to us. In terms of your second question on Medicare and does that influence our exchange participation, I would say, no, it doesn't. We're going to look at -- we look at each of our markets very specifically and look at the dynamics in those markets. So we will take a very focused look at exchanges. And as you heard from Steve, we'll also look market-to-market in Medicaid -- Medicare just as we did this year. 
Gail Boudreaux: This is Gail. I would just add to Jeff and Dan's comments to the tone of your question, which is that the small group market has remained pretty consistent, with the exception of the change in community rating. The market competitiveness is relatively the same as we commented the last few quarters. 
Jeff Alter: Sheryl, it's Jeff Alter. So I think the market test and their surveys are correct. Our pricing in 2014 is stronger than it was in 2013. And you mentioned it, a part of the reason that it's stronger is because of the ACA fees, taxes, as well as the essential health benefits across all markets. And then when you look at small group and individual, the move to community rating, depending on which part of that marketplace you're looking at, you could see some much stronger pricing. Your suggestion around cost trend versus pricing, just a couple of things to think of. One, we have not changed the discipline of pricing that has gotten us -- has been successful for us for a very long time. We look at our forward cost, which now include, as I mentioned, some impacts due to the ACA. But we're certainly as focused on medical trends as we had ever been in the prediction of medical trend. The medical trend for pricing was   about a point higher in '14 than it was for '13 and we match our premium to that. Again, I know it's been a few years, but we'll go back to the MLR. We manage this across hundreds of intersections, so that we try to stay as close to that rebate line as possible. So depending on which market you're looking at or studying, we may have rebates that are still to be paid in that marketplace. And we're continuing a long how to adjust to that very tight band around that MLR. And in other markets, we have the ability to price a little bit stronger. So that is all in that calculus that creates our forward pricing as we move forward. And now, more than ever, impacts for the ACA are also included in there. 
Jeff Alter: Sure, Matt, it's Jeff Alter. I guess, on your first question, it's sort of hard to tell. I think that would probably most happen in our largest clients. And it takes a little bit past 1/1 to make sure that all those enrollment files are correct. And so we usually feel better about commenting on sort of the National Account growth or growth in existing accounts by the time we get to February, it's a little too early to talk about that. We do see interest for some employers to create a different benefit construct that could allow for growth. But we haven't seen those results come through yet in our 1/1 enrollment. Talking about our fourth quarter '13, I think there were a few things that were driving that. There was a fairly large push in our individual business to sign up as many enrollees as possible early so that we can give that advantage of an additional year without the ACA impact. And that program was an aggressive program and it was very successful. And then we had mentioned probably throughout '13 that there was interest in our small group clients for alternative plan years for them to be able to keep their benefits for that additional year even prior to the president's announcement. So that did drive some, I'll call it one-time growth in the fourth quarter of '13. 
Jeff Alter: Yes. So in some markets, the value proposition that we put into the market was not matched by some competitors. And so we were able to take some share. And then you're right, it did help attrition. It also helped the sort of retention of groups that might have left anyway. So when you think of a small group attrition rate of somewhere in that 15% to 20%, those groups that were renewing in that fourth quarter, there was a higher attrition rate -- a better retention rate. 
Jeff Alter: Sure. So we're not going to get into that level of detail in a call like this. I would say the -- just to comment around small group pricing, this is a transitional year for many markets. We're moving out of medically underwritten to community ratings. So I think on a call like this, in a summary discussion, it's hard to discuss small group versus large group when you have such a transition going on in small group as we move to that community rating formula. 
