Stephen Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. Larry and Dave have given you some sense for why we continue to be optimistic about our potential to deliver value throughout the broad health system and to growth. Let me just comment briefly before we summarize today's report. Certainly, we all recognize this market space has been exceptionally active this quarter and beyond that observation we do not believe it is our place to comment on market specific activities or hypothetical implications that we are not involved in. And we are not going to comment on the activities of others or speculate on subsequent processes or market dynamics no one really yet knows. Our focus remains squarely on the continued growth and expand the capability of our enterprise and how we can serve our customers more effectively. The markets we serve are changing in positive ways to call upon our competencies we have cultivated for years and accordingly these changes help prospects for years of positive growth in the continued expansion of our products and services. Our capabilities are strengthening and we are expanding into natural market adjacencies. We are intensely focused on these opportunities and committed to driving higher and more consistent performance for customers across our businesses. The key elements of our efforts going forward are familiar and fundamental. Truly focusing on serving consumers, care providers and benefit sponsors, creating and adopting simpler, more modern approaches around how healthcare is paid for, around information transparency, consumer engagement and care access and care provider support, developing valuable long-term relationships with strong partners, pricing products and services that deliver real value to the market because our design approach in underlying cost structures are market-leading, executing to serve the key future growth areas for Optum, clinical care, integrated pharmacy care, technology solutions and government services, thoughtfully moving forward at the targeted global menus, using capital to strengthen capabilities and improve and expand our growth potential and cultivating capabilities that will be important to the future more than the past. With that, we thank you and operator, we will now take questions.
Stephen Hemsley: Well, in terms of the commentary along those lines, we have been building our business and diversifying our businesses across the landscape of our business model for several years and we can expect to continue those approaches, continue to diversify our business as we said in the natural market adjacencies, continue to deploy capital in ways that we think makes sense for us and continue to fill in market positions and to build on capabilities. So I don't think anything has really changed in that domain and I don't think there is any reason to think otherwise. Our businesses are well positioned across the expanse of benefits and across services. We are well positioned across virtually all the key markets and think that we can continue to drive very strong cost positions, have plenty of scale across all our business segments. So we are just going to continue to run our business and maintain that approach. So I don't think anything has really changed, David.
Stephen Hemsley: And I would say that goes along with the broader theme of the cost of the businesses really taking a fresh looks, using information, approaching the marketplace in a more comprehensive and integrated way, engaging local resources to targeted groups so that we can improve their access to care, their use of resources and change their consumer experience as well. So it plays to us across a whole spectrum of areas in pharmaceuticals and specialty pharma is really just one of those themes. Thank you. Next question.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. Maybe I will have John start the themes and then send that down to a couple of business leads.
Stephen Hemsley: There is no meaningful Q2 cost. We recorded the costs associated with the Catamaran merger, the transaction cost in the first quarter.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. I will weigh into this and let Dave deal with specifics particularly around the revenue break. But we are not expecting a contribution from Catamaran at the balance of the year. Basically its earnings will be offset by integration cost, interest expense elements such as that. The improving performance is really historic core businesses and actually UnitedHealthcare has a strong period and a big contributor to that. But the beauty of our construct is that it's a broad-based portfolio and really, the vast majority of the businesses are performing very strongly and we see growing momentum. We clearly expect 2016 to be even stronger year. I think we have been basically have held that posture consistently and that would be in the core business not just Catamaran.
Stephen Hemsley: So really stable across the board. We think it's strengthened the business across the board and very positive. Next question please.
Stephen Hemsley: Then on the on the last piece of it, Sean, the only thing I might comment is, is that when you take a look at the across the cohort of clients and then take a look at the clients that really embrace the kind of the more maximum of the offerings that we have from both UnitedHealthcare and from Optum, those clients tend to actually have performance levels that are superior. So when a client is progressively lean towards the more modern approaches that we are offering, as Dan and Jeff have described before in terms of designs, engagements of the consumer, the clinical programs to the use of the high performing networks that are incentive-based, incentives on both ends, their performance from a cost trend point of view, from a satisfaction point of view tend to be stronger. Next question please.
Stephen Hemsley: I really don't think so. I really think the question really comes round mix and it is really more the mix of the membership from where the growth does come from and the higher care ratio category. I really think it's as simple as that.
Stephen Hemsley: I think I can address that. First of all, as we said, we are not going to comment on market dynamics that are driven by anything other than the prevailing market dynamics. Always looking for more value, always looking for more innovation and so forth. And I really do believe the momentum of our business has been advancing our capabilities, have been advancing and we are engaging the market as productively as we ever have been. And we are continuing to focus on that, serving customers and really responding to them and we are seeing some of that in the results in terms of retention, the response to our offerings, the broader penetration of offerings to customers. We are just going to keep on that. And I think that's the best response. We have been on it. We are going to continue to stay on it. And I think the market has been in flux and looking for value and so we are just going to stay on it. So with that, we will conclude. Thank you for your questions this morning. As always, this interaction is helpful in framing or speaking around information we offer you and we do our Investor Conference. That will be coming up again in New York City on December 1. So we would ask you to hold that date on your calendars and we will make sure that that is a substantive engagement for all of you. And to wrap up, through the first half of 2015, UnitedHealth Group. Optum and UnitedHealthcare delivered an advance in momentum and strong growth in revenues, in earnings, in cash flows and the number of people and customers we serve and we expect this growth to continue and accelerate in 2016 and beyond. As I said, we remain focused on further improving service, cultivating and expanding our capabilities and market positions, introducing practical innovations and the potential to make healthcare work even better. So thank you and we will see you next quarter.
Dan Schumacher: So in terms of our care ratios and our performance in the quarter, they were very much in line with our expectation. And then underneath that, as Dave mentioned, we continue to drive very low trends which is why we are orienting towards the lower half of our prior guidance. Obviously, there is impacts associated with the 1.3 million lives we have added over the last 12 months in Medicare, Medicaid, as well as in exchanges which have higher relative care ratios. But maybe if you step back and look at it, we have been able to drive a 20 basis point improvement on a year-over-year basis. We have a little higher pricing for reform fees, which is helping that offset by a little less development. And when you compare that to the prior year quarter, we did have revenue true-ups in there related to our government programs. So when we look at it on a consolidated basis, it's very much in keeping with our expectations and we have strong confidence in our full year outlook of 80.8%, plus or minus 50 basis points.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Andy. This is Dan. I again reiterate that certainly our costs in this quarter were well within our expectation and we continue to drive a low trend, relatively speaking. And I think when you look at the combination of factors that impact it, it starts first with a benefit design that rewards consumers for better choices and then we are aligning it with provider relationships that incentivize more appropriate use of health resources. And then we overlay our medical management on that. And that starts with our people and we have got people in UnitedHealthcare and Optum across facilities, across the country as well as in neighborhoods, as Dave mentioned and in people's home and when we look at the combination of all those things, we have been able to drive a very consistent utilization trend across all our businesses within the UnitedHealthcare portfolio and again, well within our expectations. So your comments about what you seeing and others around hospital use and so forth, specifically on that, we have not seen anything outside of normal seasonal variation. So it's all in keeping with our expectation. And I think it's important to remember, as we have talked before, we have got a lot of visibility on the hospital side, who is coming in, who is there, who is leaving, how we are interacting with them, facilitating their just discharge and so forth and this is really a strength of our company and we continue to drive absolute reductions in per capita hospital usage and we been talking about that for the last six years. So again, from our perspective, very much in keeping with our expectations in the quarter, nothing that I would highlight by category or by business, frankly.
Dan Schumacher: I think the combination of the assets that UnitedHealthcare and Optum bring in combination to this marketplace is distinctive.
Dan Schumacher: I will have a take, Brian, on the exchanges. Obviously, when we talked about how we are going to approach this market in 2013 and then in 2014 and beyond, our expectation was to get more fully involved this year, which we have done. We have seen some really nice growth. But as we talked about last quarter and we talked coming in, we didn't have an expectation of any meaningful contribution on a margin standpoint. So from a care ratio, it's in keeping with expectations, but obviously higher than what our traditional commercial book would be.
Dan Schumacher: You bet. Good morning, Gary. So as it relates to our value-based reimbursement in a program, we have talked historically about the continuum working from less progressive to more progressive reimbursement methods and sort of sitting in the middle of that are bundled payments. Today, we deploy them in, if you think about our $36 billion of value-based reimbursement at the end of 2014 or the $43 billion we will have at the end of 2015, we have got about 5% stake in that bundled payments category. And from our perspective, it is a good mechanism along the journey towards a more progressive population orientation around outcomes and value and quality. But at the core, it still doesn't specifically address the volume of utilization. So the number of bundles, right. So as we look at progressing, we are looking to get to more comprehensive alignment around total population cost. It is a piece of productive and positive, but it's just part of a broader solution.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Hi, Sean. It's Dan Schumacher. Your question, assuming its oriented towards the large customers, right, because if you look into our fully insured offering down market, we have full and total pull through of all Optum care, disease management, pharmacy clinical analytics, data and so forth in managing those population. So looking up market, the UnitedHealthcare national accounts block, we have about a third of them have pharmacy through OptumRx, so two-thirds represent an opportunity for us as an enterprise. As you think about the other services, the vast majority of them have care management, disease management and other engagement routines through Optum. So the only one where we have less penetration is around pharmacy.
Jeff Alter: Brian, it's Jeff Alter. No, nothing. As we mentioned, as we were preparing for 2015, we were very purposeful in building both product and networks that supported those price points. And as a matter of fact, we grew where we thought we would grow in the markets that we thought with the products that we thought and we were pleased we actually grew a little more than we expected. So we are pleased with where we are at exchanges and it's a growing, emerging, developing market and we are planning for that as we pace forward.
Jeff Alter: No, absolutely not. We are growing where we thought we would with the products and the network designs and economics that supported those price points.
Jeff Alter: Good morning, Josh. It's Jeff Alter. So we had a really strong 2015 national account season and that momentum is continuing. We have been very purposeful in focusing on our customer's needs to deliver a total reduction in cost for them. So the partnership that we been able to create with our existing clients and with bringing Optum resources to the table have resonated in that market. As far as 2016 goes, right now, it's improved over where we were in 2015. We have got a couple of new strategic wins already booked. Some growth in existing clients in slices of business that we didn't have and we have retained today all our key clients that we have to bid. We will give you more clarity as the season wraps up during our next call.
Jeff Alter: Good morning, Ana. It's Jeff Alter. What we are preparing for and expecting is very similar to what happened in the fourth quarter of 2013 when there was transitional relief in some early renewal programs for two to 50 block. We assume that will happen again this year in the 51 to 99 and we are ready for it. We are geared up with products and other offerings to serve what those clients might want to do when transitional relief for early renewal programs are offered.
Dave Wichmann: Most of the improvement for the guidance for the balance of the year comes from expectations out of UnitedHealthcare. And as for the revenue guidance, you are right, it increased in the quarter but predominantly related to Catamaran. That said, all the businesses improved their revenue forecasts for the balance of the year, just not enough to around up further.
Dave Wichmann: UnitedHealthcare's performance is predominantly coming from growth. Very strong growth. 1.6 million people year-over-year, 1.4 million for the balance of the year. Very strong growth momentum really commencing about this time last year and actually earlier for Medicaid and for the government programs broadly.
Dave Wichmann: Yes. We are raising guidance on growth and then we were raising guidance $0.10 at the bottom end of the ranges and $0.05 at the top end of the range. And we are raising that guidance based on better visibility on growth and performance in the business.
Dave Wichmann: So translating the slightly stronger revenues on the core businesses and stronger earnings keep earnings efficiencies out of those businesses.
Dave Wichmann: Sure. Peter, we are not going to get into the specifics of spiking out the mix impact on the revenue true-ups. Obviously, if you think about the things influencing the quarter and as you compare to the same quarter last year, on a mix basis, we would have a rising care ratio just based on greater orientation to Medicare Advantage, Medicaid and exchange enrollment. Revenue true-ups I referenced earlier, so in last year's second quarter, we recognize government-based revenue true-ups which were favorable. So as you look at the comps year-over-year, that would be something that we will be working against that comparison on a year-over-year basis. And then as you look at the second quarter this year, on the revenue side, we had expected in the commercial business to be receivers on the risk adjustment and we did a little bit better risk adjustment on the commercial business in the second quarter related to 2014. So those are the things that are all coming together, but when you step back from it we have seen a decline in our care ratio on a consolidated basis year-over-year. Our medical costs are in line with our expectations and our trends are trending towards the lower half of the guidance that we have provided previously. So as we look at the second quarter, it is very much in line with what we were thinking before we get into it and as we exit it, we have confidence of balance of the year.
Dave Wichmann: Peter, they go up as UnitedHealthcare grows, so too does Optum because UnitedHealthcare is obviously a customer of Optum. So when you look at them, you will actually see that Optum's overall growth rate is growing at a faster rate than the eliminations, if you will, which suggests that Optum is going faster externally than they are through the internal business with UnitedHealthcare, which is the case. But they are going to continue to rise as UnitedHealthcare continues to grow at these rates.
Dave Wichmann: Yes. So Josh, we maybe unique in this regard, but we only report numbers on a GAAP basis. So in every case they include the application of the amortization of intangibles which are pretty consistent in our business. If you look at 2015, the effects on EPS would be about $0.34 per share, if you look back to 2014, it would be the same $0.34 per share and yes, the forward view on 2016 accretion for Catamaran was a GAAP base number as well.
