Andrew Witty: John, thank you. As I said in November at our investor conference, we operate in an environment where change is constant. What you've come to see is that when changes happen, foreseen or unforeseen, we just deal with it. UnitedHealth Group is a nimble and adaptable enterprise, well suited to meet the challenges that come our way and the opportunities we pursue with the many and diverse capabilities available to us. In this first half, as we've done before, we navigated a complex external environment while managing through a significant business disruption. We continue to deliver on our growth objectives and are committed to delivering on our 13% to 16% long-term growth target. We'll now answer any questions you might have. Operator, please.
Andrew Witty: Lisa, thanks so much for the question. I'm going to ask John to comment a little bit. Let me make a couple of kind of upfront comments and then maybe a couple of examples more specifically to help you a little bit on this. So, to get your last point, we are running now hundreds of AI use case deployments. I'd say the first wave of those are essentially allowing us to do things much more quickly, much more reliably, much more efficiently than humans can do them. So an ability to navigate complexity to find answers within complex datasets. And super important, and I'll give you a couple of examples of how that begins to help us as we go on. I think we are now -- you will also start to see as we roll through the end of this year and next year, those same kind of tools begin to be deployed in fundamental reimagination of business process. So one is essentially allowing an existing process to run more efficiently. The second is, can we actually take steps out of a process and really start to change things. I'd call out payment integrity as a front-runner in that particular regard. And you'll start to see a lot of movement there over the next year or so, Lisa. And it's going to be, I think, OptumInsight '25, '26, '27 in terms of deployment of technology to change many of the processes that we've been used to for decades is coming, and that's going to be a very exciting phase. If you look in the short run, I'll give you a couple of examples. And this plays a little bit around technology. I certainly wouldn't say these are all Generative AI examples, but they're certainly digitization examples. They are certainly technology-enabled examples. So for example, we brought on this year at OptumRx a record number of clients. You've seen the growth. You can imagine the number of folks who've been signed up into Rx platforms. We actually spent 9% less this year in the onboarding of that record volume than we did the prior year, 9%, that’s entirely due to digitization, technology efficiency deployed through the organization. Let me take you into another part of the organization, OptumHealth. We've more or less increased our number of risk -- fully risk delegated lives within OptumHealth by about 40% over the last two years. That's -- by the way, that's in excess of 1 million -- almost 1.5 million more lives over that period with zero increase in personnel headcount in the risk-based businesses. So, zero increase in headcount in a business which has increased its served members by close to 40%. So those are just a couple of examples. You're seeing that show up in those two examples, Optum. That's why you're starting to see that leverage flow through the Optum business line and it’s something we obviously expect to continue to sustain over many, many quarters and years. And, John, I'd love you to go a little deeper.
Andrew Witty: Great. So, Lisa, thanks for raising it. You can tell it's a big focus for us. We laid out when V-28 first was announced, that one of the three ways that we would respond to this is we would double down on our own cost management efficiency and productivity, you're absolutely seeing that. And that coincides with an extraordinarily and exciting moment around technological innovation, whether that's Generative AI, digitization, all wrapped together in our march toward a greater consumer focus within the organization. All of that really hangs together is very much the core focus of how we think about things going forward. Thanks, Lisa. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Hey, Josh, thanks so much. I'm going to ask Tim Noel to address the first part of your question. On the second part, you're not going to be surprised. I'm going to defer from making any predictions about next year. It's still a little early. We'd like to see where everybody else plays out in this cycle. I think we [also are] (ph) in the 2024 cycle. Ultimately, the way growth plays out in the marketplace depends on how everybody bids, not just on how you bid. And it only takes one bid to be kind of out of expectation to completely distort your view of how things could play out. So, just going to defer a little bit on that one, but on the first point, Tim, I'd love you to make a few comments.
Andrew Witty: Krista, thanks so much. So I mean, listen, Stephen, I think you heard there why we're confident that this is really a kind of time-fenced issue and in the grand scheme of things, I would characterize this as a margin. It's a part of what you've seen in this small deviation in Q2, but we don't really see it as a sustainably structural issue and you heard exactly why just there. So, thanks, Krista. And, Stephen, thanks for your question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Scott, thanks so much for your question. I'm going to ask Dr. Amar Desai, who leads OptumHealth to give you a few comments there. I mean, let me just preface that by saying, look, we feel good -- very good about the continued progression and in particular, the way in which OptumHealth is -- has adjusted to deal with the new funding environment. I'm also very, very encouraged by the degree of external payer engagement with our OptumHealth platform as they deal with the environment themselves and look at Optum as a part of that solution. And I think the performance of the business you see is, it continues to improve over last year. You continue to see decent progression. And let me ask Amar to give you a little bit of a sense of how he sees the second half of the year playing out.
Andrew Witty: Andrew, thanks so much for that. Let me ask Roger Connor to address that. It's pretty straightforward. But let me ask Roger to answer that and maybe give you a little bit more flavor on what he's seeing.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, John, Brian. I mean, again, just on this business interruption piece, I mean, I think in all honesty, we were a little optimistic in hindsight at the pace at which we thought people would come back in terms of putting their flow through the system once it was reconnected. I think as we've looked at the last several weeks, that momentum and pace, and particularly as we look at new clients come in and as well as returning clients feel good about where we are now. So I think probably a little overoptimistic three months ago. I think now, I feel like we have this now and we're in good position and the rest of the year we've got a clear path how this plays out. And I think the platform that we've rebuilt is going to serve people extremely well. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Erin, thanks so much for the question. Let me ask Heather, who runs Optum for us, to make a couple of comments on that, if you don't mind, Heather.
Andrew Witty: Heather, thank you. Erin, thanks so much for the question. We have time for one final question, please.
Andrew Witty: Hey, Lance. Thanks for the question. And love the cheeky attempt at the end of the call to get us to predict, give you some numbers for ‘25. We're going to defer from that, but well done on the last-ditch effort. I'm going to ask Amar to give you a little bit more of a kind of general sense of how we're seeing that. And please go ahead, Amar.
Andrew Witty: Amar, thank you very much. And as I think you could probably sense from those couple of answers that Amar has given you over the course of the call, Amar leads a very, very special team of people running a very, very special business in terms of what it’s able to do on behalf of patients and the way it's able to provide great work experience for the healthcare professionals and colleagues who work in that business. I'm very pleased with how the continuation of that business progresses. We're coming toward the end of the call. I'd like to thank you all for your questions this morning. As you've heard, our focus on fundamental execution, our restless spirit, and our ability to adapt to changing environments gives us great confidence as we look ahead and as a testament to the hard work and discipline of the people of UnitedHealth Group who work every day to serve patients, consumers, and care providers, customers efficiently and effectively. We appreciate your time this morning. Thank you.
John Rex: Good morning, A.J. Yeah, and really kind of three items that we're talking to in addition to those two here, also the member mix component here when you bring it all together, those additional items that we're looking at in terms of -- versus where we were and how we're thinking about it. I would say they’re in kind of roughly equivalent -- in roughly equivalent zone in terms of their impact here. And then how they flow throughout the year -- the rest of year, really, you'll see some of those elements. So, as it relates to Medicaid impacts, pricing goes on over a period of, say, kind of 12 months or so. So there's pricing that occurs over the rest of this year into next year. So those elements in terms of catching up -- that mismatch catching up with the acuity that we have in the remaining population occurs over a period. Certainly, we are addressing the elements we talked about in terms of what we're seeing in the coding up shift, and we're well underway in addressing those elements, but we'll continue to address them throughout the course of the year. The member mix is kind of the member mix we have now at this point. And that really pertains to just the elements that I mentioned in my prepared comments about some of the benefit design impacts and how that impacted both our growth and also the type of membership that we were left with as we saw our full configuration. That really lasts with us throughout the year. So -- but that was an element we also incorporated into our view for 2025 as we approached our bids for '25. Thank you.
John Rex: Yeah. Good morning, Lisa. As you can -- I guess I'd start by -- it is early in that journey in terms of the potential and opportunity for what we can do. And yes, it was a very strong quarter in terms of cost management. But let me just step back a moment here. As you can imagine, given how some of these businesses were built and the fragmentation of the system, there are duplicative functions and uneven consumer experiences throughout that we're addressing. And as our businesses begin to scale, our ability to produce efficiency accelerates while, at same time, we can improve those customer experiences and expand the best practice across the broader base. The comments that Andrew was offering in his answer to your question, it's just really a natural outgrowth as these businesses begin to move beyond what we have viewed the earliest phases to a more adolescent phase. That's what we're seeing. Very strong this quarter. Over the longer term, we can expect advancement. I wouldn't expect it to remain at this level consistently as we look ahead over the next few quarters, though. It was a super strong quarter. But we are going to look to invest in many of these items that Andrew just articulated here, getting to a more modern streamlined experiences as these businesses evolve further. So I wouldn't expect it to persist right at this level as we make those investments, and we're anxious and ambitious to make those investments.
John Rex: Good morning, Justin. I’d say first, yes, the way you described our assumptions around core full year MLR are consistent with our expectations. So how you describe that is quite consistent. As it relates to just looking at towards the 3Q and such, I'd expect that to be in the neighborhood of 84%, very likely a few tens of basis points higher than that. So, it's kind of a little bit above that in that zone. As it relates to kind of other elements that we've pulled out here, no, they shouldn't be material. Those cyber effects should continue to abate. As we mentioned, we're not adjusting for the elements we talked about the provider and coding intensity, so that kind of pulls through a little bit. But there shouldn't be any material other impacts that we're thinking about. Thank you.
John Rex: Yeah. Good morning, Kevin. This is John. So yeah, exactly what we said there was nothing material there going on in development. No favorable P&L impacting development in the quarter, very similar to last quarter in terms of there was just no impact being there. And in terms of just a comment -- or questions regarding outperformance, well, maybe some across a number of the businesses in terms of where we're seeing, we're seeing very strong growth, certainly in our commercial health benefits business, we're seeing strong growth. We're seeing margin progression in OptumHealth. So we're seeing advancement. The -- really, the strong approach that the team at M&R took and tell how they looked at '24 in terms of overcoming the headwinds at V-28 and the very disciplined approach they took to how they stepped out into the marketplace with the products that they took. Even with some of the elements that we talked about that we’re overcoming there, but certainly, all those creating a good impact from us. Clearly, just across the company, the strong operating efficiencies that the company is driving, strong and sustained. And as I said, look, we will continue to make investments, but really a significant progress on that and still very early stage. So as Andrew commented in terms of the potential we have as we look over the next three years and this impact, and we're just getting some of these businesses to a maturity level where we think we can really harness that. Thank you.
John Rex: Yeah. And regarding Change, yes, as we mentioned in our comments and Roger mentioned, our ambition is to get back to baseline expectations performance for that business in 2025. So those baseline expectations being what we would have expected prior to any of this happening. And clearly this quarter, we have increased the impact of the business disruption here. So as we bring those back, there's the pacing of those revenues coming back, taking sometimes a little bit more time to bring in, but that is our ambition, actually, as we look ahead.
