David Wichmann: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. This morning we reported 2017 results that are ahead of the outlook we shared with you at our investor conference at the end of November. Full year 2017 revenues exceeded $201 billion increasing more than $16 billion year-over-year. Operating cash flows grew to $13.6 billion and adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $10.07 per share with operating earnings from both UnitedHealthCare and Optum ahead of the forecast we provided at our conference. We had an active December on the growth front. We wrapped up the fourth quarter serving the benefit needs of nearly one half million more consumers completing another successful sale season in individual group MA and dual special needs plans as we turn into 2018. And advancing our strategic positions in two of five growth categories by signing both Banmedica and DaVita Medical Group, while maintaining our operating focus to both closed 2017 strongly and we expect to carry that momentum into a healthy start to 2018. We know the effects of tax changes for 2018 are top of mind for many. So we will begin there today with corporate tax reform. Our starting point for determining our approach was with our mission helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone and our recognition of the enormous gap between where healthcare is today and where it could and should be. We concluded that our ambitions for a better health and for a better health system are best achieved through investment in ways that will make healthcare far more affordable and of far higher quality. More specifically corporate tax reform is expected to improve earnings and cash flows by $1.7 billion in 2018. That’s after an estimated $400 million to $500 million reduction in premium revenues due to minimum loss ratio and lower net health insurance fee recapture effects and a 200 million to 300 million additional investment and operating costs as we accelerate existing initiatives and artificial intelligence, data analytics, individual health record custodianship, digital health, net promoter score improvements and health related initiatives in local communities. We expect to invest the remaining increased cash flows to better fulfill our mission and in turn to grow and diversify our enterprise for the long-term all aligned to the ambitious agenda we discussed with you on Investor Day. We now expect adjusted 2018 earnings of $12.30 to $12.60 per share and cash flows from operations in the range of $15 billion to $15.5 billion. John Rex will offer more details later in this call and as usual we will be available by phone throughout the day. Before leaving Texas, I would note that we continue to advocate strongly for our multi-year deferral and ultimately the repeal of the health insurance tax given its high cost to consumers and society. If a deferral for 2018 occurs, we plan to return the value to those impacted by the tax. As highlighted in our investor conference, we are pursuing growth and diversification in five key areas, healthcare delivery, pharmacy care services, consumer centric benefits, digital healthcare and global. Our busy December helped us to advance these goals. The combination of OptumCare with DaVita Medical Group establishes primary and ambulatory healthcare delivery in several new local care markets for OptumCare. Through Banmedica and with Amil and Americas medical services in Brazil, we’re establishing a foundation for growth in South America for decades to come. And then Steve Nelson will discuss United Healthcare’s 2018 growth in individual and group Medicare advantage and dual special needs plan should again lead the market. Now let’s turn to businesses starting with Optum’s Chief Executive, Larry Renfro.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. 2017 was a strong year for UnitedHealth Group by virtually every measure. Top-line growth, rising NPS, strengthening culture and service, strategic advances, operational execution and as a result, strong financial performance. We are entering 2018 with solid momentum and a clear direction and much to get done. We plan to sustain this ambitious pace most importantly because our mission and culture and those we serve require it. Our goal remains realizing the full growth service and social potential of this remarkable enterprise. Thank you for your investment and interest in support of that goal. We will now open the call for questions. Asking you to limit to one question a piece, so we can get to as many as possible.
David Wichmann: Good question Justin, appreciate it. We’ll have John Rex talk about the -- give you a little bit more details on the impact of the $400 million to $500 million on premiums. As it relates to 2019, we’re not really in a position to give elemental guidance at this stage. I understand the question but hopefully you can also appreciate that is as is always the case with respect to market dynamics particularly in the commercial market with respect to pricing it subject to a number of variables including negotiation and also attribution of cost. So, it’s not as -- not to belittle it at all but it's not as simple as applying math. This is something though that as the year progresses and we see what happens with the health insurance tax, we will be very deliberate and making sure that we quantify the effects of that and do so in the context of giving you guidance for 2019. John do you want to discuss the four to five please.
David Wichmann: Well, Justin we are -- as it relates to in Medicare in particular -- obviously that’s all subject to a discussion with CMS and negotiation that occurs in connection with the offering of the annual benefits. Our goals are always to maintain as much consistency as possible and benefit offerings, network access, pharmacy offerings, formularies as much as possible to keep those benefits as stable as can be. That’s one of the leading contributors to a very strong net promoter scores with that population. So again, our goals there are to maintain as much stability as possible. As it relates to the market, if you think about what we have here, we’ve got two businesses. One which is regulated and one unregulated. But the regulated business taxes if you will, we have the tax of value of that if you will a piece of that, a good chunk of it goes back to the market through these recapture mechanisms that we’ve outlined here this morning, that’s the 400 million to 500 million that John described. In addition to that, we thought it would be best that we then invest in things that we know happened to be through our P&L, in this case of areas we know where we can improve healthcare quality and reduce healthcare costs in the future. That’s a 200 million to 300 million that John described as well. The vast majority of the residual is either attributed to the Optum business and/or we felt was best and most appropriate for us to invest in continuing to advance healthcare quality and reduce healthcare costs really aimed at trying to achieve this mission around helping people and helping to improve health systems. So that’s where we are at today. We think it’s a fair balance. We think that that balance is something that’s sustainable over the long haul.
David Wichmann: Maybe we will have John Rex address the fore part of that question and then I’ll wrap on the investments.
David Wichmann: So, Steven it’s a very good question. So, what we’ve done here is we really have investment occurring on two fronts. One is it relates to the $200 million to $300 million as I described earlier, it’s going through the P&L and that’s the one when you’re picking up on a lot of those investments through the P&L are in the application of technology if you will across the business and in order to accomplish a number of things, it’s to both improve the quality of our services to people which includes the advancing of our MPS ambitions which I think we’ve laid out pretty strongly as well as to continue to find ways to improve cost structure thereby delivering greater value broadly to the health system and to individual consumers within it. You should look at that as an uptick in the run rate expectations of our level of investments, partly in response to the tax, a great change if you will. Beyond that is the balance, which is $1.7 billion or so in improved cash flows in the business. And that you’ll see us align more quickly strategically in the market to advance things like our care delivery platforms, which we just discussed. As you know, we are not quite midway through the establishment of the foundation of our market presence in local markets in that business, as an example. So that additional investments and technology related platforms to advance things like precision medicine, genomics, things of that nature where we believe we can apply our capacities as an organization are some of the areas that you will see us advance our investment portfolio.
David Wichmann: Thank you, A. J., very good question. There really is nothing -- we really didn’t accelerate the pace of our acquisition, it's just coincidental that those two acquisitions happen to come at that time. As indicated, they line up nicely with two of the five growth areas of our business. We’ve long indicated that we have an interest in measured investments in global, and that BenMedica allowed us to get into three additional South American markets. We have been studying those markets for about five years, and that allowed us to advance our position there. As you know, we’re in an open process right now to close that transaction. And then the other one was the DMG acquisition, which again I would characterize as more coincidental but highly strategic in terms of our ambitions and interest in building the Optum care platform overall. So really no acceleration, you shouldn’t infer anything with respect to how we’re allocating capital broadly. I would like to just take a moment, if I can, to have Molly Joseph who is our Chief Executive of our International Business, UnitedHealthcare International, maybe just spend a moment on BenMedica and our positioning in South America broadly.
David Wichmann: So we took a little bit of time there, because you hadn’t had the chance to discuss this at our investor conference. And of course, this came right on the hills of that as the DMG, which we’ve already referred to earlier today. As it relates to the international markets, in particular, I just want to stress again that our approaches to those markets will be measured approach to deployment capital in those markets will be measured, and deeply respectful of the volatility that’s inherent in each one of those. And our expectations are that they provide returns that are reflective of those risks and risk profiles that exist in each of those markets. Not to belabor this, but there was one other acquisition that we had closed, The Advisory Board that I might just ask Larry Renfro to make a few comments on as well. Thanks.
David Wichmann: Just like North America, South America is an inherently local market. And so in that regard at least for the time being, we have two very strong or three very strong brands now in Brazil, both Amil and Américas Médicos Serviços and then in Chile, Colombia and Peru, predominantly Chile, BenMedica is the holding company. But they also operate with a series of very recognizable local brand names, both in healthcare delivery as well as healthcare insurance. So I think you will continue to see that posture. To the extent that we need to clarify that like we’ve been doing with some branding activity in Brazil this past year, we will do so. But for the most part we’re deeply respectful of the brand value that these folks have created overtime.
David Wichmann: As you might suspect, a lot of the growth we’ve seen MA comes from our Medicare supplement products overall. But I would ask Brian Thompson maybe to more specifically respond to your question.
David Wichmann: So as it relates to the $400 million to $500 million, just again to reiterate, most of that is the combination of two things. One is the minimum MLR amount so that we would need to return to policyholders, if you will. And then, the second relates to the lower tax rate on the health insurance tax. So that is what I would characterize is more of a -- I hate to say, but more of a mechanical element, if you will, and returning those premium values to consumers. As it relates to sustainability, again, I would urge you to think about the tax reform affecting our cash flows and earnings, as in a bifurcated way. One is, as it relates to the services business, which -- and as well as all the unregulated aspects of UnitedHealthCare, which are substantive. Those components are the ones that we're retaining and investing, if you will. And then think about the other half or the other portions being that, which relates to the regulated entity, of which you can see a substantial dollar amount is being returned to the market. On top of that, we invest in managing healthcare costs better, as well as applying better services. And then on top of that, invest more fully in what I'll characterize as more substantive event or transformative change to improve the health system and improve our offerings broadly to the marketplace. So in our view, we believe it to be sustainable, because of the fact that we have such a substantive amount that's already been reverted back in premium values, plus the other changes that we’ve outlined. So our intention is at this stage from this distance, which is it’s pretty early on, that we’ve made the right allocations if you will in determining how to best utilize this tax reform value.
David Wichmann: Gary, I’m not sure we got your question, it that was fairly broken. So if you could rephrase it please.
David Wichmann: Thank you for your question, Gary. We’re going to pick up the pace here a little bit to try to get in this as many questions as possible. Next question please.
David Wichmann: So I’ll address the executive order and then I’ll have Jeff Alter to talk about the market dynamics here in just a moment. So the executive order had three components to it, the one I think that has the most momentum or at least initial momentum is around the association how plans, but we also have HRA and short-term limited duration policy considerations as well. So what I think happening across all of these is that the administration is pursuing an expansion of products that are available to consumers and in an effort to lead to more participation. And I think that that also lead to more insurance market stability broadly. So we’re supportive of that, of expanding the choice of the offerings that consumer has and continues have. And I think each and every one of these regulations are really geared in that way. So we’re supportive of these efforts to improve choice and frankly provide access to lower cost alternatives because as you well know healthcare costs too much and consumers are seeking more affordable options. We’re still reviewing the association health plan rules at this time and we’re not going to speculate on the potential outcomes of regulatory matters. But I would remind you that we have significant experience and do offer association health plans today, primarily in our individual business and/or operate in markets like PEOs and others that have similar characteristics. What’s important about these is they must be designed carefully in order to enhance coverage options and to ensure that they don’t destabilize other aspects of the insurance market, like the small group market. So that’s largely where our commentary will be aimed, is making sure that there is no unintended consequences of these. And then with respect to enrollment in the first quarter, Jeff, can you touch on that please.
David Wichmann: I know this has gotten a lot of attention here, in particular, over the course of the last week or so with some activity at the JP Morgan Conference. I want to keep this into context. We have about a dozen or so locations that we brought online throughout 2017 and that was really to see whether not a retail side of service in this case with Walgreens would be an attractive venue for care delivery. The results are not near final but we’re hoping that our MedExpress surgical care model with an adjunct pharmacy performs as good or better than without meaning that we can provide more convenient service to consumers at a lower cost and with very, very high levels of quality as MedExpress had as reflected in their NPS scores from consumers. I also want to put into context in that and this is just part of developing an overall higher performing local health systems. So it just be one component that maybe nested inside a local care delivery market with ambulatory surgical capacities and house calls and things of that nature. This is the future health system that we see delivering considerable value to people. The other thing I just want to emphasize is that we’ll evaluate other venues and partners as well. This is an exclusive to any one, in particular, our interests are being able to line as productively as possible with others in these local communities to see if we can deliver additional value to people.
David Wichmann: I think we’re nicely positioned initially here, but we’ve got a long ways to go. But I wonder if we -- over that for Andrew, Andrew Hayek
David Wichmann: So Ana, very good question, one of five key areas for growth in the future this one, very early stages. Again, it feels like we are assembling relatively quickly, but it's one thing to enter into the markets and other things to apply information, technology and really enable these health systems to be strong performers and make a difference on the cost and quality, consumers receive in those market. So more to come over the coming years on this strategy as we continue to roll it out. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Well, Peter I think really what it's reflective of is we're maybe 45 days from the time that we had our investor conference and first led out the depth of our initial guidance. Overall, we're quite pleased with the performance of the company and how it's advanced to the balance of 2017 and how it's established itself nicely for 2018 and beyond. At this instance, we didn't think it was appropriate or necessary to reflect any additional guidance changes based upon the core performance of the business. Let us get through a quarter or two here and we'll reevaluate what our expectations are for 2018.
David Wichmann: So thank you Peter. To wrap up, in 2017, UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare delivered quality products and services, practical innovation, a better consumer experience and increasing customer satisfaction. Financial performance was strong, marked first and foremost by distinguished and diversified growth, meeting or exceeding our outlook by virtually every measure, including revenue, cash flows and earnings. We have carried this momentum into 2018 and expect to continue to improve quality and MPS scores and build greater trust and loyalty, enabling continued growth for many years to come. Thank you for your interest today.
John Rex: Yes, good morning Justin. Let me just give a little more background on how that works which will benefit everyone on the call here. So just recall, when we look through how this works through our P&L, the larger component as I mentioned in my prepared comments is the impact of the lower premium gross, the federal tax rate decline. So, remember the health insurance tax of course in non-deductible, that results in a gross upon the premium line and that flows through the P&L and that impacts the number of ratios as you heard me describe this morning across the P&L. So as a result of the gross at the pre-tax operating earnings of course were impacted. As that requirement declines, it’s neutral on the after-tax earnings line but it impacts pre-tax. So that’s really what we are attempting to go through here. I think you spotlighted one of the kind of the easiest to understand ones in terms of some of our state program arrangements here where really when we went into this, the arrangements for the state were explicitly around being made whole for the tax gross up because of the non-deductibility. So that has an explicit impact as that declines and so some of those state arrangements are explicitly that way and so when we go to collect that we’ll be collecting a gross up rate of 21%. There are other businesses where they have some impact, to contractual arrangements. I’m not going to parse them out in terms of the specific amounts we’ve joined as Dave described. But you’re right about kind of how that impact flows through.
John Rex: Let me just get back to that. So, to be clear here on the $400 million to $500 million, that’s comprised of two components and the minimum MLR rebate component of that is less than half of that component. The greater component has to do with just really the lower premium gross ups as the federal tax rate declines. I just really want to be clear on that in terms of how that works. So minimum MLRs, less than half of that $400 million to $500 million, it’s really just the mechanical impacts, the recapture impact on the lower premium gross up, that is the majority of $400 million to $500 million. And Dave will address the investments.
John Rex: So we just finished off a really strong year. We had our new business targets. We also had really good retention as I talked about at Investor Day we’re at almost 98% in terms of our retention. We’ve seen solid growth both with our existing client based, including health plans. So really broad based both across all market segments for 2018. In terms of 2019, I think it's still early. We have a really good pipeline, but their pipeline year-over-year is pretty similar, but it’s actually still early. We have some wins for 01/01/19 already, so we’re seeing strong active growth for the market. And I’d say the big deals we won’t care about until the end of first quarter, so strong pipeline and good growth. I don’t see any changes in terms of what market segments are selling more than others right now. And I’d say last summer comment is that our value story in the market is really resonating. We’re seeing strong interest from sophisticated buyers that are attractive to our pharmacy care services model.
Andrew Hayek: In today’s comments, we are very much committed at Optum and in OptumCare to a multi payer strategy and serving multi payers in the markets we serve is integral to our business models including our medical groups, our IPAs, our ambulatory surgery centers and our neighborhood care centers. So, we work to earn and maintain the trust and confidence of our payer partners around the country. And we do that by providing outstanding value to the members and the communities we serve in terms of quality, patient experience and impacting the total cost of care. And then as you look at the track record that we have as we added IPAs, medical groups, as we added SCA, as we added MedExpress, we have continued the multi-payer strategy of those entities. And in fact, we’ve worked very carefully with each of those payer partners to expand those relationships, continue to serve them and help their success.
Andrew Hayek: So first and foremost, we started this strategy to build out Optum care in high value ambulatory care networks several years ago. And so we’re several years into the strategy. The addition of DMG is another step forward in that process. We’re excited about the opportunity to combine with DMG. And I would also remind you that we’re in the midst of an approval process that’s underway. And the step forward for us allows us to combine DMG’s outstanding clinicians, local leadership and national leadership. They’ve achieved very strong results in Stars, clinical outcomes and patient experience. And our capabilities and our strategies are very complementary. We anticipate that many of DMG’s capabilities will make Optum care stronger. Reciprocally, we believe we can add a lot of value to DMG. And by doing this, we enhance the value we provide into the markets we serve. More broadly, the markets that we are targeting and entering have been and remain competitive. We earn the right to partner with medical groups and IPA, and surgery centers and ambulatory care centers through value. But we need to demonstrate our ability to enhance clinical outcomes, the patient experience and reduce the overall cost of care. And that is true across Optum care in each component parts. So we earn that right to partner and we think as we continue to grow and enhance our capabilities, we become a more and more attractive partner. And now that we have the ability to combine various ambulatory care assets with the medical group and the IPA, we can address a broader spot of healthcare needs in the marketplace and become an even more attractive partner overtime.
Andrew Hayek: I will start with SCA, so the 7% is our same-site net patient revenue growth, so that’s how we measure organic growth at SCA for several years. And so that’s the combination of volume and rate. Keeping in mind that a total joint replacement could take couple of hours and reimburse $20,000, pain injection could take 10 or 12 minutes and reimburse less than $1,000. So we use same-site revenue as the organic growth measure. And 7% is a very strong number, that’s the high end of the range that we have grown over the past several years, and is a reflection of the cumulative impact of the strategy we pursue, partnering with health plans and medical groups and health systems, being very disciplined in shaping our portfolio, the right M&A as well as some strategic dispositions to make sure are in the right markets, focusing on high acuity procedures, ramping up total joints, cardiovascular, complex spine, et cetera. So we’re very pleased with the 7% same-site growth rate. And as Dave -- as was mentioned in the script, we continue to grow our SCA portfolio. On behavioral health, we’ve had strong performance across the board and that’s including our medical expense, our ability to serve our consumers, including the growing needs in autism and substance abuse disorder. And so really we feel very good about our product and our presence. And we continue to ramp up and add external customers and grow in virtually each of the segments that we serve. So we feel very good about the behavioral, the trajectory we’re on and the prospects for 2018.
Andrew Hayek: I would say from a wide lens, stepping back that ASC environment, certainly fits into consumerism. And so over the past several years with rising membership and high deductible plans, consumers being more aware of various alternative sites of care and having more financial responsibility for the cost of their care; we study this; we hear it anecdotally; patients are asking more questions; are asking questions to their physician; and they are searching more. And when they do, the ASC environment for clinically appropriate procedures is at very attractive site; based on quality outcomes, based on the patient experience, we have a Net Promoter Score of 91, as well as the cost effectiveness; procedures in our setting of care are roughly half to less than half the price of the same procedure in a hospital environment. So we do fit very well into consumerism and we have some data as well as many, many anecdotes that affirm the consumerism does drive increasing interest in our sites. In terms of back-ended nature, the years have always been seasonal, that's due to the members and patients when they're at the end of the year and they have a deductible to spend. They would rather get the procedure done by the fourth quarter before the plans are reset. So there is nothing new or different about that trend. And then in terms of in-patient diversion or share of the market that we're receiving, we work with multiple plan partners to measure this in various ways. We have a number of pilots underway with multiple health plan partners to track this and do a better job of capturing the right, clinically appropriate procedures. We're making progress. We feel very good about it. And we're still in the very early days. There is still a lot of opportunity to think about higher acuity procedures, like total joint replacements, complex spine, cardiovascular procedures. So we're very optimistic about what the future holds.
