Andrew Witty: Thanks John. Before opening up for questions, I'll offer some preliminary observations about next year, while reserving most of this conversation for our investor conference on November 29th. Our businesses continue to build momentum, while maintaining flexibility and adaptability for an ever-changing landscape, even as we invest for the future. We're focused on our strategic growth pillars and driving efficiencies throughout the enterprise at an accelerated pace. At this distance, analyst earnings estimates for 2024 reasonably reflect the performance view we expect to offer in November, with consensus near the upper end of our likely initial outlook range. Importantly, the growth we're realizing today and our expanding capacity serve to further reinforce the confidence we have in our long-term 13% to 16% growth objective. And with that, I'll now ask the operator to open up for questions.
Andrew Witty: Justin, thanks so much for the question. Let me ask John Rex to respond to the first part and then Brian Thompson, the second.
Andrew Witty: Yes, absolutely. Thanks so much for the question. Let me ask Dirk to give you a few comments on that.
Andrew Witty: Sarah, thanks so much for the question. Let me ask Dan Kueter, who looks after our commercial insurance business to answer that.
Andrew Witty: That's great. And I wonder whether Dan Schumacher, who's been very heavily involved in our various health systems partnerships, might just want to reflect a little bit on the question obviously was around pro-health, but rather than talking specifically, maybe just share a few thoughts about the overall evolution of those health system profiles and how they play out over the first couple of years.
Andrew Witty: Tim, thanks so much. And thank all of you for your time this morning. I hope what you heard during today's call only reinforces what you've come to expect from UnitedHealth Group, an organization that's just as nimble and agile as it is focused and disciplined, always growing, always innovating, ceaselessly committed to our mission and deeply devoted to those we share. Thank you for your attention today and we appreciate it.
