Larry C. Renfro: Thanks, Steve. Optum's second quarter results continued to build on the exceptional growth trends, earning results and operating performance metrics we have achieved for the last several years. Second quarter revenues exceeded $20 billion, increasing 52% over last year. OptumRx revenues expanded 69% to $15.1 billion. OptumHealth and OptumInsight combined grew their top line to $5.8 billion, growth of 20% over last year. Optum earned more than $1.2 billion in the second quarter with all segments reporting earnings growth of 20% or more. First half 2016 earnings from operations exceeded $2.3 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the first half 2015, an increase of 47%. As expected, first half 2016 earnings results represent just over 40% of Optum's full year outlook. OptumInsight's revenue backlog grew 15% or $1.5 billion to $7.3 billion, with growth particularly strong in revenue management, technology and government services. OptumHealth grew to over 80 million consumers, up 6% over last year, while OptumRx is tracking well to its target of managing 1 billion adjusted scripts this year. The pipeline of opportunities we are discussing with existing and prospective customers are increasingly more strategic. We are being asked to help fundamentally change and improve core business operations, rather than simply respond to traditional RFPs or single-point solutions. Today the average award size for OptumHealth and OptumInsight is more than double what it was just a few years ago. And Optum's qualified sales pipeline continues to grow strongly in both opportunity size and quality. Last quarter, we discussed with you, in some detail, our vision for the next-generation pharmacy care services business. So far this year, OptumRx has been honored to receive new external business awards for January 2017, covering more than 1.7 million people, an increase of 40% over last year's sales result at this point in the year and the selling season continues. Sophisticated buyers are embracing our modern and innovative approaches to data and proprietary analytics, consumer engagement and service, specialty pharmacy and clinical programs that integrate to improve overall patient health. A second high potential area is the health financial services market. Independent estimates project market growth of more than 20% per year, as the number of people using health benefit accounts expands and their account balances increase. Optum's health financial services business aligns with the company's efforts to help consumers navigate and use the entire healthcare system more effectively. Optum Financial Services serves consumers through 3 million health financial accounts with approximately $7 billion in assets under management by year end 2016. And there are expanding opportunities in this area and others to simplify the consumer health care experience, incent prevention and wellness, and provide consumers with deeper insights and more control, as they seek to optimize their personal health and manage their health-related finances throughout their lives. The consistent theme in these examples and in Optum's performance quarter-by-quarter is that customers are embracing Optum's innovative approaches to making health care work better. We bring the market four things: seasoned people; experienced operators committing to helping solve our clients' complex challenges; proven technology, specifically technology-enabled solutions and tools to power clients' processes and operations; unique data assets and analytics, we help clients gain insights to make better decisions and take better actions on multiple levels; action and results. We have the flexibility and focus to respond quickly and execute our task accurately for those we serve. Optum is uniquely positioned to serve as a valuable data-enabled health services company in a growing $1 trillion global marketplace, a company serving all stakeholders across the health care system: consumers, health plans, life science companies, governments, employers and health care providers. Now, let me turn it over to Dave.
Larry C. Renfro: Scott, it's Larry Renfro. I'm going to start, and then I'm going to ask Tami Reller. Tami is the new CFO at Optum, and she's going to make a couple of comments here. So, I'm just going to talk a little bit about the Rx business for a second. We've been in business with Catamaran for about a year right now. And when we did that – we had a lot of reasons we did the business, and a couple of them, I thought, might be important to call out in regard to your question. And one was around the complementary strengths that we had. And that was the retail and the mail focus, and those business coming together as well as payers and employers coming together. But probably the most complementary was the technology, and we've been able to get that put that in place. The value proposition, and that's what I think you're starting to see now, the expanded services, the scale, as well as synchronization is starting to take hold, and it's resonating in the industry. So, we believe we're building a sound business, and you know how that works. So, we've had a good first half. We have hit all the metrics and are set up pretty well for the second half. And so, I'll let Tami comment on that.
Larry C. Renfro: So, Michael, it's Larry again. I would comment on Brazil that we are working with Amil in bringing our technologies, our services to that part of the world. And that's going pretty well. And there are other development countries that are too early for us to talk about. But as we talked about back at the Investor Day, we believe this is about a $500 billion market, so we're going to stay and be part of it.
Larry C. Renfro: So I'll start and – I'll start. And it's Larry, Christine. So I'll get going here, and I'm going to ask Bill Miller to come in on this as well. So, when – we look at all of our indicators, and all are in line with what we are expecting. In three of the – what I call the top metrics that we engage with to see how the growth is going. One would be our qualified sales pipeline, and I brought that up a few minutes ago in the script. And I'll just tell you that from an overall year-over-year standpoint, our qualified sales pipeline, which is a very diverse pipeline, is double the size of what it was this time last year. Obviously, number two is that backlog that we were talking about, where we're up the 15%. That $11.3 billion, obviously, that's another key indicator. And I think the third one is even a stronger one, and that's our – what I'll call, our closed sales. And how we look at the total contract value on that. And we're up 80% at the end of the second quarter. And that 80% is going against the entire year of 2015. So, I'm doing an 80% above on contracted – total contracted revenue for Optum, 80% above what was done an entire year of 2015. So, obviously, the sales pipeline, the closed sales and the backlog, that's going give us a jumpstart into 2017. So, we're feeling very good about where we stand right now. But I might just ask Bill to comment on some of the things that he's actually got going on inside some of these different metrics I'm talking about.
Larry C. Renfro: Yeah, just a couple things. Today, we have about 175 MedExpress urgent care centers. And we have been doing about 30 start-ups a year. I think, we'll ramp that up 2017 to about 75. And then we probably have another additional 75 urgent care centers that were all part of the primary care businesses that we have, and we have acquired. So, as Dave said, this is one of our top growth pillars in terms of what we're trying to do for the future, and we're going to be focused on that. The other side of this is OptumCare, and I'll let Jack talk about that.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. As we have discussed in recent conversations, we believe we are in the early stages of a unique era for UnitedHealth Group, looking ahead toward what may be the best and most important decade of performance for this enterprise. We serve growing markets that are seeking better performance in health care, both in the U.S. and globally. We continue to strengthen and align enterprise capabilities to meet these needs. And we are intensely focused on the quality and consistency of the experience we deliver to our consumers, customers, benefit sponsors and care providers. On this latter point, we have the opportunity to evolve and differentiate our enterprise in the coming years by focusing intensely on redefining the quality and value of the health care experience for those we serve, and importantly, objectively measuring the impact of these efforts and recalibrating and enhancing our performance as we advance. With this focus, paired with evolving capabilities and the strong market positions of our growing diversified portfolio of businesses, we expect to drive differentiated growth for years to come. These efforts will help people live healthier lives and make health systems work better for everyone. As a company, we're committed to making the most of this period of opportunity. We thank you for your interest today. And, operator, let's open up for some questions. One question per person, please. Thank you.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yeah. And it's a great question, but it's just a little early in terms of going too far into it, so...
Stephen J. Hemsley: And some of it has to relate to how long it takes for the benefit sponsors and the administrations to actually get the final data, so you can actually get resolution.
Stephen J. Hemsley: And as it relates to M&A, I mean, we have a clear business model. We continue to be focused on building that out. We talked in the past about allocating capital to cultivate capabilities that we think are important for the future. And we tend to be careful with respect to how we consider our timing and values. So, I don't think any of those things that had been long-standing attributes really changed. And so, we'll – we continue to be attentive to the marketplace, but beyond that, I don't think we can give you much. Next question, please.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Just challenging to manage that. So, great question. Next question, please? So we'll take two more, and then we'll cut it off. And John and Brent and others will be around for the balance of the day.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So, the only ones you missed on the upside were the Stars, the increasing Stars performance and just the overall momentum of growth coming in. And then I think, the offset I would offer is, I think, you have to remain respectful of two things, and that is that our business has increasingly a large factor of federal and state programs, and those programs have funding dynamics to them. So, I think, those things always have to be taken into consideration and respected. And lastly, as we've talked through the course of the morning, kind of a never-ending respect for medical cost trends and particularly those we outlined this morning, making sure that we are addressing those effectively. And, I think, those two things are environmental but have to always be called out as elements for consideration. And as we indicated early, we are getting a lot of new business opportunities and successes, and making sure that we stand those up in a very effective and successful way and are meticulous with respect to that execution. Those are the things that I would say balance off in terms of making sure that we are living up to our responsibilities. So, that's the kind of outlook I would bring to it.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So, we thank you. Just kind of in closing, UnitedHealth Group delivered, I think, a very strong second quarter. UnitedHealthcare and Optum's products and services continue to grow and resonate with consumers and customers. I think, our enterprise is well-positioned to address the changing healthcare needs of the people and markets we serve, and in doing so, we continue to have the momentum of broad-based growth that we're going to take through 2016 and 2017, and hopefully, the decade ahead. So, this concludes our call, and we thank you for your interest today. Thank you.
Daniel J. Schumacher: The question was comprehensive. So, just to re-baseline on the individual ACA. Our expectation coming into the year was that on a policy-year basis, we would lose somewhere in the area of $525 million. We had done a premium deficiency reserve at the end of the year of $245 million to partially offset that. So, the net of those two was about a $280 million impact to 2016 earnings performance. And then in the first quarter, we strengthened that or increased the loss expectation by $125 million, and then likewise, added an additional $200 million in the second quarter fully recognized in the quarter in terms of the expectation of the full year. So, when you put that all together, it's a shade over $600 million of P&L impact to 2016. As you look at what's driving the increase inside that, so for the quarter, the $200 million that we've added, it's a combination of two things. It's really more volume and higher consumption. And I'd break it down, about a third of that is higher volume. So, we've got higher sales as well as more moderate attrition than we had expected. And then two-thirds is really around the consumption. And, obviously, we had unfavorable development on our exchanges relating to the first quarter in the second quarter. That came with higher second quarter costs, and we've also let that inform our full year outlook. So, two-thirds of that $200 million really relates to the underlying consumption. And what's changing underneath that, to your question, the reality is the severity of chronic conditions inside the population actually increased on a year-over-year basis. If you look at the prevalence of chronic disease, things like HIV and Hepatitis C, diabetes, COPD. Those are examples of things that the prevalence was high to begin with in 2015, and that has increased into 2016. So, that's what's informing our view. As you think about 2017, I would tell you, of that $605 million on the math I went through previously, a good meaningful portion of that will contribute to our 2017 performance. Some of the things offsetting that are certainly some semi-variable and fixed costs associated with this business that don't go away as we shrink our footprint in 2017.
Daniel J. Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Sarah. Well, first and foremost, I'd tell you that there are certainly a lot of inherent estimates in our business, and as a result, there's lots of pluses and minuses in any given quarter, so when you look at the portfolio of things that resolve in a given quarter, there are always some things that change period to period. As it relates to second quarter, as Dave mentioned, we experienced $100 million of unfavorable reserve development, and that was split 60% on the prior year, and 40% on the current year. As you look at that prior-year element, there isn't anything individually large. There's a collection of things. And I'd tell you, that was a blend of some old provider settlements as well as, as Dave mentioned, some government true-ups, some of them dating back three years, particularly around Part D as you resolve the intersection between claims and corridors and reinsurance, and programs inside that. So, those are the things that contributed to that prior-year element. Importantly, though, those are all things that frankly don't have any bearing on our current year medical trend and medical outlook. And as it relates to the current year component, that obviously – with more than all of that was related to the individual ACA book of business. Absent that, we actually had favorable development related to the current year in the quarter. But important when you put it all together, from a medical cost perspective as well as a trend perspective, outside of the individual ACA, we continue to track in line with our expectations across the platform.
Daniel J. Schumacher: Sure, Scott. On the exchange enrollment, we ended the quarter with 820,000 lives in the exchange, so that's up about 25,000 from what we expected – or from what we ended the first quarter at. As we look to where we expect to perform over the balance of the year, we expect that to moderate through attrition and land somewhere in the zone of about 750,000 lives, as we close the year out. And then, obviously, with the – 2017, we would expect a very meaningful reduction in that.
Daniel J. Schumacher: Good morning, Chris. Dan Schumacher. So, first and foremost, just as a reminder, coming into the year, our expectation was for a moderate increase in underlying utilization trend. That's what informed our pricing, our entire benefit planning as well as the guidance we've provided. And that's what we were able to manage to in the second quarter, very consistent with our conversation in the first quarter and very much in line with our expectation. It's kind of looking at how trends progress through the year. Typically, we talk in annual terms. But as we look to the quarters, we certainly don't view Q2 use as having accelerated beyond the Q1 rate. If anything, I'd probably tell you that Q2 is perhaps a little bit lower. To your questions about the categories themselves, the bigger drivers of our trend are certainly in pharmacy and outpatient, as Dave mentioned, and then working against that is more moderate levels of trend, as we drive down per capita use on an inpatient basis. The pharmacy piece, I will tell you that's largely driven by Hepatitis C. So, we changed our coverage criteria effective 1/1 of 2016 in our commercial business, so we expanded coverage. And that's what's really driving that 8% to 9% pharmacy trend on a commercial basis that we talked about back at the investor conference. And then if you look to the outpatient side, inside there, we see elevated levels of emergency room. Surgical procedures are contributing, also facility-based – facility-dispensed prescriptions, so that's kind of oriented more around the oncology space. So, those are some of the bigger contributors, and not surprisingly, that is absolutely where our medical management efforts are focused to work down those costs. All of those categories, I will tell you, are within the ranges that we expressed at the investor conference, probably a little bit higher on the outpatient side, in line in the pharmacy space, a little bit better on the inpatient side, but net-net, we still expect, on a commercial basis, our full year medical trend to be in the range of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points.
