Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, well, I'm glad you asked the question because I don't think that if it went out that way, that's not what our intent was. Basically, continued funding pressures, some of them mechanical, the impact of the ACA and so forth will continue basically to get the funding mechanisms for Medicare Advantage to be at parity with Fee-for-Service. Once that funding is leveled at that basis, the programs are thought to then be neutral to each other from that perspective. And therefore, one could expect, given the strong performance of the Medicare Advantage program, that the growth could even accelerate from that point because you've got this significant demographic trend. You have a very attractive program, and the Medicare Advantage program will still have meaningful advantages in terms of benefits, medical management capacities, consumer engagement and relationship capacities that the Fee-for-Service system simply doesn't have right now. So that's why I think our outlook on Medicare Advantage in the long term is so positive because, in essence, we have to navigate through these next couple of years where some of the mechanical funding actions will take place. But even in those periods and those have been, in my view, in effect, Medicare Advantage has continued as a broad national program to prosper and grow. So I don't know how it will play out in 2014 and '15 as these elements play in on the funding -- to get funding in essence to neutrality. But from 2016 forward, that neutrality should then baseline this program and it will be Medicare Advantage with its, I think, compelling advantages compared to the Fee-for-Service system. And we think the prospects for growth after that are quite compelling. That's really what we tried to get across.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Well, Justin, we thought that question might come up. We don't really comment on next year's guidance in the current midyear quarter. I would say that with that said, earnings growth is clearly our focus for 2014 and we are intense about that. But we have to recognize that there is a great deal in front of us to achieve that. As we just mentioned, certainly strengthening Medicare Advantage given the significant 2014 funding shortfall and the steps we need to take to make sure that program continues to be vital is on the front of the list of that. There's also ongoing work in the commercial markets, with pressures on our own individual business, the continued market migration to lower price point insurance products and fee-based conversions. And those are all occurring kind of in the backdrop of a normal competitive dynamics intention. We remain respectful of medical cost trends despite the success in keeping trends in check, and particularly, given the measured economic recovery. We need to make continued investments in Optum in the emerging categories of private exchanges, Medicare risk and revenue cycle, house calls, ever larger and longer-term care provider relationships, Optum cloud products, and in general, we are committed to continuing to fund ongoing innovation and adoption. And then last, we want to think about headwinds. Investment income, we'll see probably short-term pressure as current portfolios actually turn over and transition from kind of capital gain realization mode into higher-yielding portfolios for the longer term. So with that series of headwinds in front of us, experience has taught us to be somewhat cautious and to be sure we consider and respond to these headwinds before we offer a sense of 2014. So we are not prepared to do that, but I would say we are intensely focused on solid earnings growth for 2014. But we have to work our way through that as we stand really in the mid-year of '13.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I think you generally have it correct. I think you may have a more precise notion of it than we would having to operate the program. So I can't tell you that on January 1, 2016, that there will be some kind of a light will go on, et cetera. But you have exactly the direction of our thinking on this program correctly. That as we navigate through the next couple of years and the pressures that, I think, are well acknowledged on the program, we intend to operate it in a -- in such a way that we are maintaining the vitality of that program, protecting its margins, maintaining the vitality of its benefits and its distinctions to consumers, to seniors that need these programs and that we think that, as you reach that point of neutrality, which is about 2016, that the growth dynamics of that should accelerate, yes.
Stephen J. Hemsley: That's the third installment of your single question. Obviously, Justin, from that discussion, we expect in the long term that the needs of the American seniors and what the values we can bring to the Medicare program suggest that is a very strong long-term growth platform.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, I might offer -- take it at my level that how we're going to approach and deploy resources to the market from a marketing point of view at this point in time is really a little, I would say, a level of competitive intimacy that I'd rather not share. I would say that our commentary was more along the lines of the fact that we are going to be shaping networks to be more focused, to really focus on the high-performance assets as it relates to seniors, that the benefit reductions that are fairly broad based, those are the elements that I think will play into more conservative growth prospects for '14. I think that getting into what our marketing plan is, might be a little bit more than we would like to get into this morning.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I think I'll have Gail and Jeff Alter kind of comment on that. I would just say, again, like to calibrate the perspective we're bringing to it. Long term, we're positive with respect to those channels as they form and as they became areas where we think we can participate and add value. The near-term dynamics are more challenging for us and maybe that's specific to our particular profile of business. So near term, we have tended to be more cautious with respect to those, and I think generally, the elements that have been occurring reinforce those tendencies.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I don't think so, and I might have Dave comment on that. But in essence, we tend to operate within a range and feel comfortable in that range. I think excessive precision here is -- time has taught us to be careful about that and to, in essence, be prudent with respect to the guidance that's offered. I would say that the performance of the business has been strong through the first half and while there is -- the orientation of the business was more challenging to the second half, we are pretty much on course and had -- saw no reason to do anything other than tighten again the range of guidance.
Stephen J. Hemsley: No, I just think we're just trying to establish a prudent, balanced, I think, consistent with what our posture has been for the last several years. And the businesses continue to perform well and Optum, in particular, is having a very, very strong year. But we didn't really see a need to change the guidance other than to tighten the range given the fact we only have a half year left.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Sure. I'll have Dirk respond to that. I mean, it is perfectly in line with the OptumRx's agenda on synchronization and the impact it has extending to the total medicals costs. So Dirk, you want to...
Stephen J. Hemsley: So that bleeds to performance for UnitedHealthcare and its businesses, and obviously, for our government programs. So it does, we think, make us distinctive with respect to medical cost trends, with respect to that section of medical cost drugs as well as a growing and vital and more diversified PBM business that we think the potential, once this migration is fully digested and we can focus our full attentions to the external marketplace, I think the growth prospects of that can be quite impressive.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I don't -- I think that we would be -- it would be too much of back-of-the-envelope kind of response. So we'll take that off-line and we'll kind of bring that kind of thing perhaps back in the next, in our next quarter. We'll comment specifically on the impact of that. I just don't want to shoot from the hip on something like that. So I think it's a very good question and I think we'll take it that way, if that's okay with you.
Stephen J. Hemsley: That is a -- that would be a challenging kind of conversation to have in a forum like this. I would say this in a very constructive way, that access to the administration, CMS administration, HHS and so forth has been -- has always been open and fair and constructive dialogue and conversation. They obviously pursue a variety of protocols in establishing the rate process. It is a complicated process. It's multi-faceted. So it's not really possible to have a single conversation about elements such as that. I think our positions with respect to the funding patterns on Medicare Advantage are well articulated and supported. And there is an open dialogue about that and that dialogue is occurring, in essence, all year long. So I do think it's an environment where the parties are working together. I think there is a recognition of the role that Medicare Advantage plays in the marketplace. And I would describe the conversations as very professional and productive. And I think we would have to leave it at that. It is not what I would characterize as some kind of contentious environment at all. These are extraordinarily professional people in the administration that are trying to administer these programs in accordance with the protocols that have been established into the best of their capacities. And we are having an ongoing business dialogue with them on this subject. So I think that's all we can really comment. And that happens in states as well, in Medicaid. It's just the nature of the market.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Sure. First of all, very good observation, which I'd like to make sure we bring in-line. I think our view in terms of Medicare Advantage is really not different than we had indicated last quarter. We believe that program is severely underfunded for 2014. The comments that we're making, if you parse them are, that we are exiting certain markets, we're exiting certain plans, we're narrowing our networks across virtually all the markets, we are taking benefits down across all the markets. So those are not good things for American seniors who engage on these benefits. And those elements will clearly put pressure on both top line for 2014 on Medicare Advantage, an important program for us, and on the margins of that program. So to level set on that basis, that's I think what we said clearly. And we will work through those things. And we are absolutely intense on this program because we think it has a meaningful long-term value to American seniors and to basically the viability of the Medicare program, in total, going forward because it brings in market dynamics around the managing medical costs, around engaging consumers, around holding care providers accountable, elements such as that. That's a long -- that's placed to our competencies. It should be a strong, long-term market, so long as the program is funded appropriately. If it is not funded appropriately, then that -- those market dynamics will change. So I don't think anything has changed about that. We have just worked one more quarter through the tactics of how we will have to navigate through 2014. So to level set that, we are -- we see pressure in '14 and '15 on Medicare Advantage as a product. We're working through those. The program, in our view, has not been funded strongly in the past and '14 was very significant. It's a 750 basis point delta and what we see the cost of that program to be. In terms of allocating capital, we have a diversified model. And that strategy and diversification is a conscious one with the notion of allocating capital opportunistically across the spectrum of that diversified model. We see compelling opportunities and have in the Optum business. There are opportunities that will emerge, we think, in the benefits businesses. And we think that they will emerge over time as more pressure is brought into the overall health benefits marketplace. And we look for opportunities where we can deploy our 3 competencies around local care, market engagement, around information and around enabling technology in international settings. We found Brazil to be a compelling opportunity for that, particularly on our Optum services side. There's probably more market opportunities for us on the international side and we'll continue to look for benefits. But that is going to be probably more opportunistic because we don't see as many of those other than in Optum. I think Optum has a significant opportunity on the international side. We parse our investments based upon cost of capital return thresholds, along those lines, and recognize our responsibilities in terms of returning capital pursuant to dividends and share repurchase. So that's kind of the perspective and that really hasn't changed at all.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, we have committed to no position on 2014. I think beyond that, that what you're laying out is broadly the way I would -- broadly correct. And that is, we are positive about the other aspects of our business and our capabilities and we're applying them intensively to the pressure that is being put on the Medicare Advantage program that are still working through that. So we haven't declared on 2014. We are focused on growing earnings in 2014 and growing this business, that is our focus and our intensity every year. We have a lot to offer in terms of our diversified business model. And when we feel we have worked through this to the point where we can responsibly offer some direction to the marketplace, we will do that. But I think generally, you have the framework of it correct.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I think the question is really a baseline one. The commercial baseline for the current year is very solid, very strong. And it will then run into the challenges that you point out, that everybody will run into in the marketplace in '14 and '15.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, well, first of all, we don't really get into margin at that level in the first place. And I think if I could do that at this point in time, we would have more to say about 2014. So that's what we're working through right now. And we have to work through them on a real basis through the specific markets. So I really can't offer guidance with -- at that level of precision, the mid-year of the current year.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I have no basis to really speculate around that. Let me go back to a couple of things. If you think about it, that spread that you're focusing on, we're attacking by, in part, taking benefits down in a way that maintains the value and viability of the program. And it is -- it runs a spectrum across markets. So it's not like a universal thing. This is done at a relatively precise level market-by-market. Network shaping is also that. We have historically sponsored a very broad, very open access kind of market for our Medicare Advantage. We will be forced to narrow that. We are focused potentially on operating costs across-the-board. So those are the elements that we're really playing. And then, obviously, we are, as I said, we're operating in a way to maintain the long-term viability of the program. But my second point in there was protecting margins. The sustainability of the program has to be that it is one that returns capital. So we are protecting the margins of that program. And that is a market-by-market proposition relative to our set of assets in the marketplace, as well as the way the program is being administered by its sponsor in those markets. It's a complicated proposition, but I can assure you we are focused on closing as much of that gap as possible. And seniors are clearly going to participate in it, pursue the benefit reductions, narrower access. So none of these things, the underfunding of the program is not a good thing for American seniors who benefit from these programs. But we are trying to navigate that in the best way possible to preserve these programs [indiscernible] long term because we think it has compelling long-term growth aspects and value to the administration in terms of what it can do for Medicare.
Stephen J. Hemsley: So thank you, all. Once again, thank you for your interest in UnitedHealth Group today. We have had a very solid quarter and a strong year-to-date, both for UnitedHealthcare and Optum, and both continue to grow. Our performance trends are positive. I think it reflects in part the value of our diversified business approach and we remain intensely focused on the remainder of 2013 and on 2014 in the long-term success of the enterprise. So thank you for joining us.
David S. Wichmann: Right. So Kevin, it's David. If you kind of parse through this, the range of $5.35 to $5.50 per share suggests that the second half of the year will not only be stronger than the first half of this year, but also stronger than the comparative half year in 2012. And as we kind of commented on in the first quarter, that's largely due to the change in the seasonal pattern of Part D revenue and profit recognition. While -- Steve had it right, there's very modest pressure, additional pressure, on the back half of the year, I think we've already pointed some of these out. But just to keep in mind, obviously, the last half of the year has 2 quarters of the sequestration impact versus the first half of the year, we're only having one, as an example. And then, of course, as you also see, we have an uptick in a run rate of our growth patterns in the business as well. So that requires some investment, not only in terms of selling, but also in terms of implementation. And then Steve did mention the near-term impact on the higher interest rates than the impact that they have had on our ability to recognize the extensive capital gains that we have in the past. And then the last thing I'd just point out is our tax rate will return to 36.75% level for Qs 3 and 4, which will comparatively impact earnings in the last half of the year.
David S. Wichmann: Sure. So the operating cost ratio is up 90 basis points year-over-year. It was very much in line with our expectations for this quarter. We mentioned in the script that there are several things contributing to that ratio, predominantly related to business mix changes. As you know, we had one large funding conversion from risk to fee in the first quarter. That obviously will continue to impact us throughout the year. We've also added Amil, which has a higher SG&A ratio. And obviously, we didn't have Amil in the second quarter last year. TRICARE, of course, fee-based contract as well as continuing costs of implementation through the second quarter, again not in place last year. And of course, Optum is growing very quickly, and of course, most of that business is service-oriented and fee-based as well. The only thing I'd point out beyond that, which is all in the script, really, is there's continued cost of implementation for CPCA [ph], ICD-10, the TRICARE implementation and the PBM migration. Those are all items that are inside our numbers for the second quarter and those, for the most part, associated with improved growth prospects for the business going forward. So we're pleased to make those investments. The last thing I'll just say is that, as indicated in the script, is that, obviously, all these things have offset what this management team has done over the past several years. But in particular, in the last year around cost containment efforts and done a very nice job advancing the productivity of the business and really muting the impact of this mix shift on this operating cost ratio.
David S. Wichmann: Well, I don't think, if there's anything from our perspective that's out of line in there. I think it is the continued progression in mix. I think Optum continues to be a larger overall factor. And I'm not sure everybody can actually calculate the impact of that, but I think that is probably the largest contributing factor that the business -- that's all operating expenses and growing at a very solid rate. So I think it is, as we have analyzed, it is overwhelmingly mixed even the items in terms of regulatory and so forth, so basically in these numbers year-over-year and in them sequentially. So there is nothing in that, that we see out of line or outside our expectations or plans for the year other than probably an even higher level of performance on the part of our services business, which includes not just Optum, but also the fee -- the significant growth and continued fee-based businesses across UnitedHealthcare. That's where all their commercial growth has been.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. This is Dan. You have -- you had a lot in there. To Steve's point, absolutely, the biggest difference as you look sequentially, first quarter, second, both on a consolidated basis and in government programs and Medicare, obviously, is the Part D timing. In the first quarter, as you look year-over-year, it actually increased the loss ratio. And as you look at the second quarter, it actually decreased the loss ratio on a year-over-year basis. So that's the biggest swing item. But I'd also tell you inside of Medicare that we also have more favorable development than the first quarter and on a year-over-year basis and that's a little more concentrated in our Medicare business. And from the first to the second quarter in Medicare, we're seeing a little bit better performance on our new growth in Medicare. So those are some of the things that are influencing it with Part D being the most pronounced.
Daniel Schumacher: On the full year, we expect our Medicare Advantage loss ratio to go up. Obviously, we have the significant reimbursement challenges as well as sequestration. And then working against that is our focus on clinical management and so forth. So -- but yes, in aggregate, we expect our Medicare Advantage loss ratio to increase on the full year. As you look at Part D, our performance is strong there. On the full year, our earnings will be up and they're up in large part due to the significant volume growth that we had in Part D. And obviously, the quarter-to-quarter progression is different. But in aggregate on the year, Part D earnings are going to be up.
Daniel Schumacher: On the commercial side, yes, we had a decline in our loss ratio again this quarter on a year-over-year basis. We are down 10 basis points. A big portion of that is, obviously, the large case funding conversion that we had at the beginning of the year. And that's being offset by the competitive market environment. We guided at Investor Day to a more than 1 percentage point increase in our full year commercial loss ratio. We've adjusted for that large funding conversion. And we still expect at the mid-point, about a 60 basis point increase in our commercial loss ratio on the full year. So full year commercial loss ratio guidance still in that 81.2% plus or minus 50 basis points.
