David Wichmann: Thank you, John. 2018 was a strong year with advances in our businesses, improvements in service and net promoter scores and compelling financial performance, but there is much yet to be done to fully realize our potential to re-imagine healthcare for the benefit of society in the U.S. and globally.  Inside this morning’s business review, we touched on a number of initiatives, all forward leaning, all indicative of a restless ambitious character of this team and our efforts to advance performance in healthcare for those we serve.  With plans firmly in place we are looking to perform strongly in 2019 and lay the foundation for continued growth in 2020 and the decade ahead. We have significant opportunities to diversify and strengthen the offerings we bring to people, and to drive engagement, trust and loyalty across our broad customer base and we will continue to advance personalized interactions with the people we serve and lean into clinical quality in healthcare delivery and our leadership in digital technology.  Let me close now and open up the call to your questions. One question per person please. 
David Wichmann: Yes, well, thank you, Matthew. The MCR impact in the quarter is almost exclusively due to Medicaid performance. We touched on this at the Investor Conference. I recognize it was in response to a question, but throughout the balance – throughout 2018, we have seen a pullback in our performance in our Medicaid business, in particular, the TANF portion of it and in particular in a handful of states.  Those issues were as we described in the script, that’s really around both the funding in a handful of states – some of which you probably recognize were corrected throughout the year, and then also with respect to some of the costs, both medical as well as operating costs in those handful of states.  The rest of our Medicaid business, both duly eligible and the LTSS populations are performing quite nicely. And of course, as you could tell, our Optum businesses are performing well as well as the remainder part of our United Healthcare businesses, both the employer and the Medicare markets. We did make considerable progress through 2018.  I’ll tell you the last half of our Medicaid performance is substantially better than the first half, but it just isn’t quite up to par yet as we look into Q4. We have seen, again nice progress throughout the balance of the year, and we expect 2019 to show considerable additional improvement as we move that business back to its target margin range of 3% to 5%. 
David Wichmann: What you are referring to is the VA Community Care Network contract which was awarded at the end of last year. Andrew Hayek?.
David Wichmann: Yes, it is. The contract begins its implementation in 2019, so it actually is a bit of a drag to earnings and it is a seven year contract. So it will provide its returns on that investments through that seven year timeframe. 
David Wichmann: Okay. Well, may what I’ll do is I’ll comment on Medicaid and then maybe just add John Rex to comment on the MLR in case to make sure that we are fulsome in our response to you on that. We are in exactly the same position or pretty close to the same position we were with Medicaid when we discussed this with you in November, in fact what compelled me to bring it out was the commentary, or I believe the question that was asked – I believe you asked it actually was…
David Wichmann: And that’s something new. And Medicare had a very strong quarter in the fourth quarter and it came in line with expectations, it’s not a little bit ahead.
David Wichmann: We are just running our business Ana and running it very well as John pointed out you are seeing strong performance and growth and I think if you track back the last two years and then leaning into 2019 and now leaning into 2020, we continue to see nice response to OptumRx offerings in part because, it goes well beyond the traditional PBM and operates as a pharmacy care services business.  The collaboration between it and United Healthcare is long and well established. So it’s not new meaning that the two of them work very collaboratively together on a wide range of opportunities. Of course, that the pharmacy care services business is available on a multi-pair basis as well. But we have a strong competitive offering.  We work with and deeply respect the new and emerging competition and we are not going to underestimate it but we also remain highly confident in our own capacities to compete and continue to grow and manage our business. 
David Wichmann: Good questions, Scott. And I have to think in a little bit about this both on the – we are seeing a lot of economic sentiment if you will, but also political sentiment in healthcare. And I was evaluating that over the course of the last, at least my timeframe here which has been nearing about 21 years or so, just by way of background we have grown our revenue base in this business from $12 billion at that time to $226 billion which we just reported today.  What I find is, particularly in healthcare, as well economic cycles is that, that sentiment tends to drive our private sector expansion and we’ve seen that through Medicare advantage. We see that with the introduction of Part D, managed Medicaid, Duals, Medicaid expansion changes the ACA broadly and then also what we discussed this morning with respect to the VA and how they have sought public private partnership to respond the needs of veterans.  One thing that’s true through these political shifts and economic shifts is that healthcare products are always in demand. So whether it’s an economic expansion or a recession or whether there is a liberal or conservative administration, UnitedHealth Group’s positioning tends to be unique and very well regarded.  We manage a portfolio of diverse healthcare businesses and they serve large and diverse end-markets and we tend to grow regardless of economic cycle or administration. We have unique portfolio of competencies and data technology as well as clinical insights and actually our ability to manage clinical interactions just continues to advance across this business which is reinforcing that capability in our business.  And our line services have never been positioned to produce greater value for society, for clients, consumers. You can hear us talking a lot more around cite of return in the triple aim and then also becoming more of consumer oriented company which is really what MPS signifies. So, just maybe to wrap up, this is a very scaled improving model. It has a deep management team with strong continuity. It’s largely 95% domestic.  So we really don’t have tariff, Brexit or other global concerns and it is a long runway for growth. It has five well-defined high performing growth pillars that are going to meet in the $11 trillion global market in 2025. So we like the opportunity that is presented and we believe that whether it’s a political sentiment or economic sentiment, this UnitedHealth Group will continue to provide distinctive results and returns both for society as well as our shareholders. 
David Wichmann: Dave, thanks for the question. Here is how we view it. So, from year-to-year, individual quarters cannot be impacted by simple factors. I’d call those out as such as that pacing of when weekends or holidays fall. As we all know the yearly calendar is fairly stable. So it’s just typically a matter of differences in quarters and as you would realize those variations are most impactful to the UHC benefits businesses.  So in 2019, the first quarter has slightly fewer work days than the first quarter 2018. In addition, given the timing of share-based compensation awards and how that impacts our tax rate, we generally also expect the first quarter to have the lowest effective tax rate of the year.  So, perhaps without getting overly prescriptive and you are right about the kind of 48% mix in terms of how we see the first half playing out and that is still consistent, but without getting overly prescriptive and without knowing all of your models, I’d suggest something roughly in the range of a 1% shift of your full year earnings outlook would be more appropriately recognized in the first quarter.
David Wichmann: Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate all the questions today. To sum up, the company delivered strong performance in the fourth quarter and full year 2018 contributing genuine value to the people. We are privileged to serve and to society at large. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank the 300,000 people of the UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare for their good work.  We are confident in the fundamentals of our businesses and expect to deliver solid operating and earnings performance in 2019. The opportunity is ahead in 2020 and beyond are exciting. There is a remarkable potential for us to serve more people in more ways every day, growing our businesses in the U.S. and worldwide and continuing to provide consistent reliable results for you our shareholders.  Thank you.
John Rex: Yes, thanks, Justin. It’s John. Yes, I have to start by saying I’d be remiss to diminish $2.6 billion of our customers’ funds just having been paid for the health insurance tax. That’s still a very significant number for any company, I would say, and a burden for our customers.  So – but, you are correct in thinking that the non-insurance components of our enterprise continues to grow at a reasonable pace, and as that pacing increases and the mix continues to shift, as a percentage of our earnings mix in terms of the volatility that the HIF coming in and out in any particular starts to diminish as a percentage of the earnings mix. But again, remiss to say that it’s still a very significant burden for Americans. 
John Rex: Thanks, Zach, this is John. Plenty of more excess overall, our differentiated value story is really about today in the market. We have had good uptake in this past selling season. We are very successful in selling over a dozen new large relationships that had a mixture of both states, health plans, unions and a couple large employers.  We have also had good retention. Again we’ve had retention of 98% for the third year in a row which we are very pleased about. I think that links back to our strong scores around net promoter score for our clients as well as our consumers. In terms of 2020, we’ve already sold a couple large deals and added some couple large relationships for 1/1/2020, we have a very healthy pipeline as we go into the new selling season.  As you know, for the 2020 selling season, this time of the year is focused more on the health plans and so we are focused on that and then the large employers as well as the state bids for 2020 are just in the middle of their process. So we are optimistic and also we are very pleased that – that our story of value and stability is really about the end-markets.
John Rex: Sure, Kevin, this is John. Good morning. So, maybe just to start with the, as you kind of teed up the question that - the fully response here. So, I’d characterize the results, highly consistent with what we laid out at the end of November. So UnitedHealthcare’s full year operating earnings is up $9.1 billion. We are just slightly ahead of the point estimate that we provided at that time and I’d put the kind of 81.6% full year consistent with the approximate 81.5% that we cited at the time also.  So I would say it as consistent with the outlook that we had as we got to visit with you at the end of November. So in that line. So beyond CNS as we discuss the benefits, the businesses are performing well at least in line with their expectations, medical costs well contained overall and I would suggest that $280 million in favorable developments in the 4Q also as a reasonable indicator of that. 
John Rex: Frank, good morning. It’s John Rex here. So, yes, you are absolutely correct. I did commented at that at the Investor Conference in terms of the potential for that business to transition over the next couple of years and indeed that’s clearly is the expectation here.  As I commented, that would have a impact on revenue and script counts as that transitions and that really depends on the timing and that timing isn’t completely certain yet in terms of the pacing of that and we are going to work with our customer in terms of meeting their needs on that piece.  I did also commented it wouldn’t have any impact on our earnings outlook for 2019 and that continues to be the case that it doesn’t have any impact on our earnings outlook. So, that’s to be determined in terms of how it impacts our revenue and script count as we work with our customer Cigna on this. 
John Rex: Sure Michael. John Rex here. Yes, we had $280 million of total favorable development 4Q, that breaks down $170 million current year, $110 million prior year. I'd call the favorable development, it's really indicative of that cost containment efforts across our businesses and across the enterprise. I don’t know how material I put it in the context of $145 billion in medical spend overall and it continues to be our objective to manage that well to improve accuracy.  We have increasing level of electronic data exchange early detection of hotspots and really more ability to intervene. But we should have increasing accuracy with that and as it relates to kind of our cost containment efforts, some of those they will across in different forms, some of them very near-term, some of them take a little bit longer to achieve. So, sometimes you see a little different mix in terms of prior year and current year. 
Dan Schumacher: Thanks. Good morning, Sarah. Appreciate the question. Yes, we do and are very focused on deepening our penetration of our specialty blocks within our broader medical, because we think when we bring together, vision, dental, hearing and other assets, you take more of a holistic approach to the person and drive better overall health outcomes.  We made some nice progress in the 1/1 selling cycle to drive deeper penetration. But I would tell you that we are in the early innings in the context of doubling it, dental and vision in particular are going to be the foundational parts of that, but we expect nicer contributions from hearing as we move forward as well. 
Dan Schumacher: Yes, good morning, Steve. With regard to the commercial cost trends, a year ago we have guided to a range which we narrowed at the investor conference in November to 5.5% to 6% and I would tell you that on the year we landed squarely within that. So, very pleased with where our cost came in. From our commercial perspective, as well as then how that translated through to in line with our earnings expectations.  And I would just point out that, within our commercial block, we obviously have a seasonal bias towards the fourth quarter and that’s the shift that’s really driven by the type of products that the market is buying as well as another pace at which deductibles are increasing year in and year out. And so, that also contributes to how you look at the performance and its progression over the course of the year. 
Dan Schumacher: Thanks, Gary. This is Dan Schumacher. So, maybe provide a little bit of context around the commercial seasonality. As you look sort of first quarter to fourth quarter, the change in that medical care ratio generally is somewhere in that 6%, 7%, 8% zone as you move from the first to fourth quarter.  I would tell you if you look 2017 versus 2018, there is probably been somewhere around a one point shift in that as you look at greater concentration in offering that drive consumption towards the fourth quarter, as well as the increases in the average deductibles.  And if you look inside of our average deductible increases over the last two years or so has been in the 8%, 9% zone. So, those are the contributing factors that are going to push the consumption and the realization of that towards the fourth quarter and I think that’s what you are seeing inside of it.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thank you, Lance. Obviously, our ambition is to serve the needs of our clients and we know that when we have the opportunity to really combine the full capabilities of our enterprise taking our knowledge and knowhow with respect to medical offering underpinned by high performing care delivery assets both OptumCare as well as third-party bring in our advocacy and navigation competencies from OptumHealth, our knowhow and intelligence from OptumInsight and then have a chance to take on the ancillary offerings that really contribute to the overall health and well-being of a person that we have our best results and outcomes.  So, we are no doubt very focused on trying to combine both our medical and our pharmacy, take on stop loss, adding care management advocacy, navigation in support of people along with the ancillary coverage and we are making some nice progress in that regard and we’ve got a lot of upside frankly as you look our penetration rates particularly up market in pharmacy we’ve got a lot of room to be able to serve our clients in a more fulsome way. 
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thank you, Steve. Maybe just to step back a little bit, from our perspective, we are glad you caught it. We are excited about our efforts to deliver greater value for people and I think as Dave mentioned, we really think that we are on the forefront of a wave of innovation and you named some of those. We see some modest contributions from those efforts in 2019 and increasing efforts in 2020 and beyond.  Nexus has been around a little longer and more evolved. We had about 75,000 folks in 2018 as we turn into the year, we will increase that nicely and by the end of the year we expect to more than double that. As it relates to Colorado Doctors Plan and Bind as an example, I would say they are on the early end of it. So, again, smaller contributions to our enrollment table in 2019 and growing contributions in 2020.  But again, like the suite of offerings that we are bringing to market as well as the interest from the clients perspective.
