David Wichmann: Thank you, John. As we closed out the third quarter, attention naturally turns to 2019. We will reserve the majority of this conversation for our November 27 Investor conference but I can offer a few high-level observations at this time. The environment in 2019 will contain as always a mix of elements common to the broad marketplace and those unique to us. Overall, our individual businesses are building from a fundamentally strong foundation and we continue to create strong momentum then again to next year. We will continue to advance NPS supporting continued growth across our businesses. Our accelerating investment levels will fund the delivery of compelling innovations in 2019 and 2020. And as we evaluate the many opportunities we see over the next number of years, we believe our long-term performance will remain aligned with our long-term goal of earnings per share growth of 13% to 16%. We enter 2019 with energy and optimism for the future and I would offer at this distance the current market consensus estimate for adjusted earnings per share captures our 2019 outlook within a typically sized range. As always, we will seek to perform to our full potential. Advancing distinctive, constructive change in healthcare is an enormous and complex undertaking. We believe we have a lot to offer advancing more value for consumers while mitigating cost for those who pay for care. Our strategies do not depend or reside on a single piece of technology, database, distribution system, clinical approach, funding mechanism or any other singular view of what it takes to make a durable and meaningful difference in healthcare. Rather our potential resides in the combination of our diverse market presence, our data, technology and clinical competencies, the compassion, integrity and deep healthcare knowledge and skills of our nearly 300,000 people, the millions of trusted relationships we have earned over time and our understanding of and full alignment to the rapidly advancing standards of performance, individuals and health systems worldwide demand from their healthcare. Our people in this deeply motivated, restless, diverse and adaptable leadership team are fully engaged in improving value for society and delivering consistent distinctive financial results. Let me close now and open up the call to your questions. One question per person please, so we can respond to everyone in the queue this morning.
David Wichmann: Matt, thank you for your question. Obviously, it’s an area of strength for our organization. We have performed exceptionally well in growing in the Medicare Advantage market, both the individual as well as serving group accounts as well. It takes a lot of planning and execution. Our team is very strong in that regard, and I think we expect a very nice result to develop for 2019 as well. Let me ask Brian Thompson to add to that.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Justin. Of course, we have our own points of view about what we expected the growth rate to be in the Medicare Advantage market, and of course CMS’ number was quite a bit higher than that. I think we’re still indexed on a lower expectation, but we certainly would be pleased to see that growth rate overall. Brian, if you have anything to add to that.
David Wichmann: So, Justin, I may just add. You probably noticed or the markets have noticed a pivot for us from a PBM to a pharmacy care services-based business, and I know we’ve been talking about that for some time, but more increasingly over the course of the last couple of years or so, with Andrew here – Andrew Witty, he’s taken an actually modernized and advanced set approach even more so for us really enhancing our thinking in this area, and I think what you can expect from us is that we’ll be deeply thoughtful about how we engage and participate broadly but also have confidence that we’ll navigate through this change similar to the way we have across other changes in healthcare in the past. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: It’s a great question, Kevin. Obviously, we have great confidence in our ability to sustain our margins and continue to grow the business. It has always been a competitive marketplace and clearly there’s a lot of new entrance into that market as well. I think those new entrance in the competitive field make us just that much better. We’ve had some distinctive capacities in this category and I think that that what makes us different and really enhances our ability to continue to grow and sustain margins by creating real value. And I’ll ask Brian Thompson once again to comment on what some of those capacities are and provide further context.
David Wichmann: That’s a great question, Dave. I think the script covered some of that when we were referring to Medicare Advantage products and particularly the value that are created relative to original Medicare and we talked about the upper limits of that being 30% or so savings category. That’s really what we were referring to is the deep relationships that UnitedHealthcare, frankly others have with the OptumCare enterprise which is a fiercely multi-payer business serving many payers as we outlined in the script as well. We have Andrew Hayek here. He’ll answer the balance of your questions.
David Wichmann: Okay, well I think the shift from fee-for-service to fee-for-value I’ll have Dan Schumacher, President of UnitedHealthcare discuss and then maybe Andrew if you want to tie into that as well.
David Wichmann: So as I think you know, Andrew Hayek and his team in OptumCare in particular are enabling all this by putting the deep infrastructure in local markets from primary care through development of ambulatory care systems to enable the other side of that coin if you will that Dan had just described. So having heard from Andrew, I think we’ll just go to Eric Murphy to put some comments on the Optum IT side.
David Wichmann: And I don’t think we’re in any particular different place on trend and MLR this quarter versus where we were last. There’s no watershed moment that occurred in the Q3. I think it’s intensely consistent in terms of overall performance as well as – as we look at how we select our reserves and the development that comes as a result. Dan, you want to pick up the last piece.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Steve. We have several calls left in the queue and I’d like to see if we can get through this in the next 15 minutes or so, so we’re going to go ahead and take the next question but we’ll probably – you’ll probably hear us tighten up our responses a bit here. Next question please.
David Wichmann: You just hit upon all the – I think some of the primary growth drivers and a lot of employers are looking for in healthcare. High-deductible health plans have been one of the fastest growing product lines out there for some time now having been first introduced back all the way into 2004 I guess it was or maybe '03, maybe even earlier than that for that matter. But the items you just pointed out are the same items that we also labeled in the script. Our work around digital technologies, providing deeply personalized information to consumers, the way in which we drive value-based arrangements to connect incentives across both the continuum of care but also between healthcare consumers and healthcare providers is all – those are all essential parts of what employers are looking for. They are also looking for tighter levels of integration too. And they are expecting that not only from our benefits business but they’re also expecting it from our services business particularly as we get into healthcare delivery and that’s where the technical solutions and information solutions that OptumInsight offers to both OptumRx as well as to OptumHealth really deeply respond to the demands of that marketplace. And frankly they transcend employer into the Medicare and Medicaid market as well. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Okay, great. Thanks. Sorry to drain that for you. John, perhaps you want to comment on the second part.
David Wichmann: It’s a great question, Gary, and thank you for it. As outlined in our November 2017 conference we had the ambition by the end of 2019 to develop individual health records for the 50 million fully benefited members that we serve. We would use the Rally chassis which as indicated now has 20 million registered users to help provide individuals in a way which they could comprehend a tool, if you will, not only outlining their individual health record but also giving them next best action detail. That’s what I mean by when I say it’s deeply personalized, it’s organized around them not based upon generic criteria. It also assess to what extent that they’ve in and how they’ve been served by the health system broadly and whether or not there’s been any gaps in care that have been left behind. Our visions are also to take that to care providers to provide them with similar information but in a format that looks a little bit more like their EHR. And again, would include next best action as well. And so that would be provided to the physician and the workflow of the physician’s office. And you might imagine what that could ultimately lead to in terms of continuing to develop a transaction flow between the physician and us and the consumer and us as us of being the custodian to try to drive better health outcomes for people but also ensure that the highest level of quality is adhered to quality defined by evidence-based practices and then also containing costs and eventually to incent the health system around responding to those deeply personal circumstances and situations. So we believe it to be pretty transformative across our business. It’s something that we’ll update you again here this coming November at our Investor conference and we look forward to doing so. Thank you for the question. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: I don’t know that I’d be willing to make any projections on the cycle overall. All I can say is that our business in a very multidimensional way both on healthcare benefits and services is seeking to compete on multiple fronts really driving or accessing the strength of the organization around its ability to take information and apply technology and then in local markets organize clinical delivery systems to drive better outcomes, lower total cost to care and greater consumer satisfaction. You see that measured pretty consistently across the board of our organization. My only regret sometimes is whether or not we can do that faster and to have an even greater impact and that is what our deep intention is. I do think that our momentum around our competitiveness continues to accelerate and as a result I think you continue to see the broad-based results that are indicated in this release and also in the ambitions that we have for 2019 and beyond. It takes a lot of thought to make a commitment around a 13% to 16% long-term growth rate and to step out in 2019 the way that we have. But we’re highly confident. This is a highly engaged management team. They are confident in their abilities to deliver those kinds of results consistently and our aim is to do so both to serve society as well as each and every one of our shareholders. So thank you for the question. We’ll take one more question and then we’ll be done.
David Wichmann: Ana, that’s a good question. Our NPS scores with large employers are very strong and they continue to advance nicely year-over-year as well. As it relates to specific arrangements that employers may want to pursue an individual markets, we of course enable that. We’re not bias by any particular format. They’re our customers. We aim to serve their needs and so we do assist in enabling that as well as a number of other features that make exist in their benefit design and service composition. So we’re an adaptable company. Our goal is to serve, serve people, serve consumers and also serve health systems broadly and I think that shows up in some of the most prolific ways in the larger employer market. Thank you for your question. If I can, then I will close. And some of the comments today UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare are driven by a single mission that we are actively and persistently engaged in helping to transform healthcare to make higher quality care accessible to more people, more simply and affordably in the U.S. and worldwide. We expect to continue to build on this year’s strong momentum through the end of 2018 into 2019 and well beyond. But we never take our forward advance for granted. Everyday people of this enterprise are committed to serving individuals and local communities, one person, one system at a time with true compassion, high quality and innovative performance. We look forward to sharing much more with you during our annual investor conference on November 27. Thank you for joining us this morning. This concludes our call.
Brian Thompson: Thanks, Dave. Brian Thompson here. Yes, Matt, '19 is shaping up as a really great year I think for seniors at large and the MA industry. Specifically, we are certainly optimistic about our products and how they compare, what we’re seeing in the marketplace is consistent with our expectation and certainly gives us confidence about our positioning. We expect to drive another very strong year of MA growth and continue our momentum that we’ve demonstrated now for several years. I think as we approach the year, what we’re seeing in the marketplace looks like what we had expected, very pleased with our position, really no surprises, and I think you can expect more growth from us in 2019.
Brian Thompson: No, I think you said it right, Dave. As we’ve said in previous quarters, we look at the long-term industry growth rate for MA more in that 7% to 8% range. As I said last quarter, Justin, our planning is certainly to outpace that rate as we have now for four or five years. As Dave said, a lot of optimism but a lot of ranges around what the growth rate might be for 2019. I don’t think it will be instructive for us to chime in on what that percentage might be, but certainly optimistic, certainly reasons for it to strengthen and we’re pleased with how we’re positioned as we approach '19.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks, Dave. As Dave said, certainly pleased with the outlook for what we see in 2019 but certainly want to point out the strong momentum that we’ve demonstrated. This is the fourth year of outpacing the industry growth rate quite meaningfully and I think it’s a signal that our value is resonating in the marketplace. Over the last four years, benefit stability as well as the enhancements we’ve added, our focus on a hassle-free agenda taking out the complications for those we serve our service model which we call our Advocate For Me service model, our very popular HouseCalls program, the various care management programs, we have all virtually Optum enabled are really resonating and we’re seeing that value with our members, with our physician partners and our distribution channel at large and we’re really pleased to have that sort of track record and momentum as we enter what’s appearing to be a very optimistic season for seniors.
John Rex: Sure. Sarah, good morning. Just a few components here as we think about the HIF tax and our view on it and expectations going into next year that might be instructive. So I think the first thing to recall is when we laid out our initial $0.75 back in November, that was prior to a very important event that occurred later on which was the reduction on the corporate tax rate. That meaningfully muted the impact, the headwind impact of the health insurance headwind for us this year. And I know you’re aware of that one. That’s a significant reduction. There are other true-ups and miscellaneous items as the year goes on but by far in a way that would be the biggest component. So with nine months of actuals now, we size 2018 year-over-year headwind is just over half the level or around half the level we’d initially expected back then, again vast majority to that just due to the corporate tax reduction. As we start considering things and elements for 2019 among things we’ll have to consider and be watchful for is when and how any conclusions are made for the reintroduction of the tax in 2020 also as that would have impact on the 2019 year. So all of them will be in play [ph], but just want to kind of also provide a little guidance on where we think it’s – the impact it’s had on 2018 also.
John Rex: Good morning, A.J. John Rex here. You had a few comments on that. So I’m going to try to pick up the various components there and hopefully I will hit on them all. One element I heard you refer to was development. In the quarter, so net 50 million of favorable development in the quarter and within that we talked about 120 million of that being in year and 70 million of that relating to prior year. Nothing really significant within those prior year components I would tell you. The way we look at that that’s roughly on $130 billion of medical spend from 2017. So very, very modest within the scheme of things. There’s always different quarters in the year. You get coordination of benefits impact, you get other little impacts that come in, but within the scheme of our medical expense of 0.05%, so relatively modest. I look back over the past three years; so 70 this year, it’s 110 favorable in '17, it was 110 million unfavorable in '16; very small amounts that rolled through there and nothing that significant that I’d point out. In terms of across the lines of business also, nothing really meaningful to point out across the different lines. If I were to bias it just a little bit, I’d bias just slightly to the employer based businesses in terms of where some of that development was occurring in the course of the quarter. You probably heard me comment during my prepared comments that we were biasing our trend outlook in commercial down a bit. And within that in terms of trend, we continue to see really what’s driving most of trend is still unit cost as the main driver versus utilization. And if I were to break down the components in terms of what we’re seeing versus what we staked out back in November in terms of the individual trend components, I’d characterize that probably pharmacy and in-patient are coming at the low end of the expected ranges that we’ve provided at that time.
John Rex: Steve, it’s John Rex here again. So with regard to the buckets as I think is what you’re asking in terms of trend, the components where we’re seeing against our initial expectations we laid out back in November were really pharmacy and in-patient in terms of coming at the lower end of the range as it relates to in-patient. It’s been a very long-term decline in in-patient. I think we’ve had nine years or so of declining in-patient utilization. So that has been a long-term trend. But both those components were the buckets where we would have seen the lower end of the range and where we’re seeing some deceleration.
John Rex: Yes, Ralph, so in terms of – focusing on the 2019 aspect or as my comments were specifically related to 2018 and the impact that the reduction in taxes and the corporate tax rate had.
John Rex: So that was a significant headwind and that’s part of what came into our earnings outlook when we revised earnings in January. So that a meaningful part of that. And then we did not have to then price on renewing books, have to price that in to any renewing books that were coming on at that point. So significant benefit for our customers in terms of how we approach the market and how we were able to pass on that benefit to our customers. Certainly that’s also a benefit that our customers are receiving in 2019 because of the absence of the HIF and we would hope to also have that benefit as we move into future years. As Dave pointed out, the mere existence of the health insurance tax is a headwind for a healthcare cost. So we look for that to accrue to our customers.
John Rex: Sure. Thank you for the question Charles about the new pricing model. We’ve been out in the market talking about total cost to care for several years which has really resonated in the market. Clients have been interested in how we can guarantee that. So we’ve had models in the market for about two years of total cost to care guarantee. So if they work with us around medical behavioral pharma, around what additional value they can deliver. Another model we’ve been in the market with is also around a trend guarantee around pharmacy. And so we have a variety of models that we’ve been partnering with our more leading-edge clients to develop a solution and deliver that value.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thank you, Michael, for the question. To your good point, we have long been pursuing the transition and greater orientation towards value over volume. And we’re doing it in a couple of ways. First, trying to get an increasing amount of spend under value-based constructs but then importantly second working to make sure that that spend migrates towards managing the health of the population versus just individual quality metrics. So as you think about each of those components on the amount overall, today we have about $69 million in value-based constructs that represents a little under half of our total medical, surgical spend. And we had set a goal to get to 65 billion and we got there early. So we’ve reset our sights towards $75 billion by 2020. So we’ll continue to progress the total volume of spend that comes under value-based constructs. And then inside that, we’ve been very successful in that migration towards population orientation. If you look at where that sits today, about half of our value-based spend is in the more progressive relationships that orient around population outcomes and that’s up from about 38%, 39% if we look just five years ago. And so we’ve got a lot of focus on deepening of partnerships. Some of our more progressive relationships are actually with our ACO partners and in those relationships we work to share data, share insights, drive better coordination, close gaps and care for people. And as you look at that, we’ve had some very successful outcomes with our ACO partners. In total, we’ve got about 1,000 ACOs underway. And as you look at it across Medicare, Medicaid and commercial, we’re able to drive less in-patient stays, lower readmission rates, more primary care, less ER and more preventive screening. So overall, we’re pleased with our progress there and we continue to do more work and we’ll look to build on it in future.
Dan Schumacher: Good morning, Zach. So we did, as Dave mentioned, we announced our change earlier this year and that actually goes into effect beginning 1/1/2019 for all new and renewing groups forward in our fully insured group portfolio. So at this point it’s coming up on 1/1/'19 where we’ll see that roll into place. And the reaction from our customer base and the broker community has been strong. I think it adds a level of transparency to consumers and helps to return the economic incentive associated with the rebates to them at the point of sale and that’s particularly important when people are in high deductible offerings where they’re sharing the first dollar burden of healthcare more broadly. As it relates to our self-funded client base, we continue to see more interest in that offering and obviously they’re trying to think about how it all balances out in the context of how they set their contribution strategy, their benefit strategy that underpins that. But we have seen some more interest. We’ve seen some tick up in sales. And let’s see if John Prince can offer anything from his perspective.
Dan Schumacher: Thanks. Steve, I think you asked about how the '19 selling season was shaping up and I assume that that orients towards the self-funded marketplace just given where we sit in the year. I’ll break that into a couple of pieces. As it relates to first the national accounts market segment, as I’ve shared for the last couple of quarters, the theme there is really one around incumbency. We’ve done well to win when given the opportunity but the reality is we do have a larger base that we’re defending inside that. We were successful again this year in converting our retirees to group Medicare offerings. Obviously, those are a strong value for clients and consumers as well as for our enterprise. So for the self-funded portion of the national accounts segment, we do expect enrollment to decline in 2019 and our team is really focused on, as Dave mentioned, redoubling our efforts around total cost of care and importantly, our effectiveness in demonstrating that clearly to clients and consultants. As you look at the broader self-funded market, we continue to perform very well in the middle market segment, so clients with employees up to 3,000. And our public sector performance has seen some very nice improvement for 2019 including some large wins. So when we put that altogether and look at the self-funded market overall, we expect some very strong year-over-year improvement and that should result in a modest growth profile in 2019 and we’d look forward to breaking apart the pieces and discussing it further at the Investor conference in November.
