Larry Renfro: Thanks Dave. Optum's revenues grew 14.7% to $12.8 billion in the quarter, with operating margins stable year-over-year at 5.8% despite more than 30 basis points of acquisition costs. Optum's earnings from operations grew 14% to $742 million in the quarter with every reporting unit producing double-digit percentage earnings growth. Catamaran acquisition costs reduced Optum's year-over-year earnings growth by seven percentage points in the quarter. Setting aside these transactions costs, Optum would have produced 21% earnings growth for the quarter. We expect Optum to post strong earnings growth in 2015 and after fully absorbing Catamaran acquisition costs, we continue to forecast operating earnings within the range of $3.75 billion to $3.85 billion. This will be growth of at least 50% over two years from a base of less than $2.5 billion in 2013. We continue to build our capabilities in important ways this quarter, particularly our relationships starting with Catamaran. The proposed Catamaran combination brings obvious benefits to the markets and customers we serve. It will create a competitively scaled channel-agnostic PBM focused on growing and serving all prescription market segments. It will advance the next generation’s synchronized PBM where all clinical data points are connected and drug considerations are fully integrated with clinical care processes to produce better outcomes and better overall cost trends. This will be important as the age of specialty pharma emerges along with inevitable biosimilar counterparts. People will be served better, benefit and program sponsors will benefit from both the more progressive synchronized care offering as well as from sharing the meaningful savings achieved from combining these two enterprises. Integration disruption can be avoided, since the two companies already share a common technology. We believe this can quickly becomes the next generation, clinically-informed, clinically-anchored PBM. Looking forward, our Optum team is driving meaningful growth in customer pipeline for all Optum business segments. Optum's external revenue backlog grew 24% in the quarter to drive overall backlog to over $9 billion. Optum continues to develop broader relationships with more sophisticated clients who need end-to-end solutions to the complex challenges they face. For example, Optum 360 has added sizeable and distinguished new partners, most notably North Shore-LIJ Health System and the Mayo Clinic. And in the U.K., Optum International became one of the very few organizations to be accredited to serve under the NHS lead provider framework as the NHS procures an expected $1 billion of commissioning support annually. Optum labs recently added Yale University as a partner and research from the lab has now been accepted for publication in the Journal of the American Medical Association and the British Medical Journal. Finally this quarter, we launched an important new brand campaign for Optum to help further build understanding of our services and innovation. Now let me turn it over to Dave.
Larry Renfro: Hi Mike, it's Larry Renfro, and I'm going to start and I’m going to turn it over to Tim Wicks, who is currently the CEO of OptumRx soon to be the President of the new OptumRx, and I will have him comment on specialty, but maybe I can start by giving you a little bit of our thought process as we put the two companies together. We really looked at I know where the value was going to be and we really had five categories, number one would be scale, number two would be enhanced technology, three would be distinctive capability such as specialty and synchronization and we’ll comment on specialty as you ask. Number four would be our - we end up with a well-rounded management team from both a - what I'll call relationship sales as well as operations, customer service, and then the complementary businesses that kind of line up all together. So that’s kind of how we went at this . Obviously specialty is a very, very important aspect of going forward in the future as we talked about earlier in the script. So I’m going to hand this off to Tim now and he will give you some thoughts.
Larry Renfro: Sure that's good point. I’m going to ask John to speak to this as well. We had this goal of 8/16 and there were some various factors or components that we needed to really make as part of that overall goal. First thing was what you are coming on is 8% by 2016. We also said that we would double 2013 earnings of $2.5 billion by 2018, we said we would have 8 to 10 large more complex relationships and that we would have double-digit top and bottom line growth through 2016. So I’m going to define that as kind of core business, kind of pre-Catamaran and I would tell you that everything from a financial standpoint is in line or ahead of expectations. So we’re going to continue to track our core business that way as far as the 8/16 goal that we set now. As you know the blend has changed with what we’ve done in this transaction, so we’re going to be handling a lot more pharmaceutical business, so that’s going to change the mix and I’m going to let John talk about that.
Larry Renfro: I’m so more confused, I don’t think we are doing anything differently in terms of this, we - I think kind of update our outlook every quarter, we have seen enough strength and growth in the businesses across the board to improve that guidance slightly and to absorb the costs associated with Catamaran and the adjustment to our share repurchase given that transaction. So we thought that that was appropriate to include in the update and beyond that I don’t think we are changing anything else along those lines. We typically if we see that consensus estimates don't necessarily line up with exactly with way we are seeing our quarter-by-quarter roll out, we typically comment on that and if again done that this quarter. So, I don’t think we’ve done anything differently this quarter along those lines. So, and if we did - if you're picking up anything we didn’t intend anything behalf of what we said. So can you help me with what you think has changed.
Larry Renfro: Hi, A.J, it’s Larry. So good point that you made and good question and we live this everyday and I will kind of reiterate almost everything Steve just said but obviously, I have spoken to quite a few of the customers but may be what you want to think back a little bit is frame what we do today.  If you look at OptumHealth and you look at OptumInsight you would plan that if we have internal and external customers that’s pretty balanced between the internal and external breakdown. If you look at what’s really happening with the Catamaran transaction, it will get very close to being balanced as well but some of the things that we heard as we talked to the existing clients and so forth that this is what Steve said is that, the reason we bought and entered into this combination with Catamaran was because we needed to scale.  We needed enhanced technology, we needed specialty and synchronization programs, we needed well grounded management team and as a result complementary business that same reasons that people want to do business with us, they have those same interest and that’s why we believe we really marry up really, really well with this new model. Now some of the things that we’re going to have to do is we’re going to have to execute. We’re going to have to execute day one as we get involved with new customers.  We’re going to have to live up to commitments that have been made and we know that and we’re pretty good at that. This going to have to be total transparency, today we do business with 300 health plans, we do business with 4,500 hospitals. So we’re used to really working with a lot of people and having to have transparency and this is just going to be another aspect of it. Obviously privacy and security around information and data and we’re going to have to come up with the way that we believe this is going to be pretty easy with no disruption because we are on the same technology platform and we’ve been on that platform for about 10 years.  So overall we feel pretty good about this transaction but I think if you went back and you looked at what we do in OptumHealth, you would find that lot of these clients already clients of ours and they already work with us in various intervention and prevention and wellness programs. You would find the same with OptumInsight. So overall, we kind of know this model and I would say as long as we execute and as long as we execute and as long as we execute we should be fine.
Larry Renfro: Sure, Kevin I’ll get little more granular and may be this is not were, you were going but I’m can’t been held responsible here for that $0.30 in 2016 and the way that I look at it, you’ve got some factors that we have to pay attention to very, very carefully right now such as client retention, such as sales, such as our operating leverage, our customer service and our management. All of these things that we really have control of inside of Optum and how we manage the business and with the combination of Catamaran, who has the strong management team, who has strong experience, strong relationships, this is a very, very strong management team and so we feel confident on lot of levers that we can use and pull to go towards that $0.30. Now I’m not even talking about network discounts and I’m not talking about drugs – at this point of time because as we talked about some of these categories will go back to others and our clients as we work with them. So we’re confident from what I call operating plan standpoint, what we have to do by 2016.
Stephen Hemsley: Thanks, David. So as we look forward I hope you sense an acceleration on a broad and disciplined set of initiatives. So as we look forward I hope you sense an acceleration on a broad and discipline set of initiatives in our consumer capabilities, brand and reputation for both UnitedHealthcare and Optum payment reform and progressive services to better support care providers, innovation and its more meaningful larger scale market deployment, strategic M&A, large, far-reaching next-generation strategic relationships, information driven research in social and philanthropic efforts aligned to the communities we serve. And all these funds and more we intend to pick up our pace with thoughtful urgency and improve performance and consistency. So as we grow we become a more effective enabler of a better healthcare system and serve more people with better outcomes to the prudent use of society’s healthcare resources. And now to recap, our 2015 outlook for $143 billion in revenues accelerates our revenue growth rate to nearly 10% this year, with improvements coming from both UnitedHealthcare and Optum. Our earnings outlook of $6.15 to $6.30 per share includes $0.03 per share of transaction cost this quarter from Catamaran and an additional $0.07 per share of pressure over the balance of this year principally due to repurchasing less than half of the UnitedHealth Group shares we had targeted before this combination. For 2016 we continue to project core earnings growth and that the Catamaran combination will be $0.30 per share accretive to those earnings, even while carrying $0.20 per share in amortization expenses. Savings and accretion are expected to grow further in 2017 and 2018 improving value for customers and earnings visibility for shareholders for a multi year period. Today, we continue to have strong access to capital in both the equity and debt markets. We believe we can continue to participate positively and fully as both the health benefits and health services markets continue to evolve both domestically and internationally. And we remained focused on developing and expanding our capabilities and businesses both for UnitedHealthcare and Optum as market opportunities present themselves. We expect to maintain our approach to advancing our dividend to more market based levels exactly as we have discussed this area of capital allocation with you previously, no changes are contemplated in that respect. With that, I thank you and we will now open up for your questions.
Stephen Hemsley: So, I think the balance performance overall and in the exchange right products in the right market is pretty much as we expected and we knew back in January that the market was responding positively so it's played out nicely. Next question please.
Stephen Hemsley: Two-third 64 we couldn’t calibrate it, but what’s great is it is balanced then I think that’s the strength of the kind of the diversified model, but so all the businesses are contributing to that advance. And if we continue to execute appropriately we’re hoping to do better so. Next question please. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I'll start and so my colleagues can join in on this but I would kind of say dramatically that we have been endeavoring to perform at these levels and interest level of consistency for sometime. It is not just a factor of internal average efforts, I think there are market, external market factors that putting pressures to bear as well. So, we bear some of the responsibility for - if we so optimize our performance and some of it is due to kind of external market dynamics and pressures. But I think that for the last couple years, we have been endeavoring to really make the business work together on a more optimal level across the enterprise. It has been the function of trying to drive a better culture, it has been a function of trying to achieve a strong chemistry among senior managements and kind of effort where we are working together and, helping each other with both their challenges and opportunities. And I do think this is a very strong group of people who are committed to working together and to optimizing the performance that are really focused on serving customers, consumers, care providers really focused outside and making sure that we are delivering on the promise of enabling the better healthcare system and really helping people live healthy alive and get access and services to facilitate that. And I just think that has come together and it is an effort so it is not sustaining as making sure that we keep doing this. And I do think that there is a stronger chemistry among the teem today and emerging, maturing leadership group across the board and I say its board based, I would say its not three or four people, I would say its 75 or 100 people across the Board. And I think that - I think people make a difference and I think that’s been part of it. I think we’ve also been focused on that culture to make sure that we are collaborating effectively and focusing on serving the markets. So I think those things have played into it and we'll look around – Dirk McMahon would like to try add to this.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure, well there is several in there, I might, it is premature for us to get specific about elements related to transaction that is still really subject to approval and so forth but kind of somatically I would offer that the accretion is really more a function of the transaction itself. The capital we deployed relative to the cost of that capital against the earnings stream of Catamaran as it is, we are clearly focused on driving the overwhelming majority of the benefits and synergies that arise from this back to customers, improving the value proposition, improving and progressing a PBM model that is distinctive in the marketplace. And we are really focused on the customers benefiting principally from that of which UnitedHealthcare is a customer as well but also as you point out very important customers that are other payors in the marketplace, very, very good companies and those relationships are clearly important and vital to this model going forward. And we are committed delivering on all commitments related to that and really developing and delivering a supporting capability to their PBM strategies so that we produce for them, a distinctive capability and advantage into the marketplace and to meet their specifications as they see it and become a very trusted partner in this category.  I think we are a trusted partner in this category - for a variety of payors and care providers across the spectrum in Optum and our business has continued to grow and evolve there and Larry, I don’t know if you want to comment on that.
Stephen Hemsley: Well, first of all we’re not providing that level of guidance in particularly at this early stage but we think that, this deployment of capital is compelling relative to the market opportunities. And I think the capabilities we can bring to the marketplace, so we think that this business will continue to grow, we think that will become a more effective serving customers and it will become more affected as a business and particularly in the market dynamics that we see ahead as specialty pharma continues to emerge in the marketplace whether it’s going to require greater information, greater clinical engagement. So we think this is a very good use of capital that will be a important business broadly for the marketplace, serving all sectors of the markets that where prescriptions are engaged. And we expect this to grow, so we don’t expect this accretion to flatten out or trend, we expect the business to actually improve year-by-year and so we would expect that contribution to grow and would grow we think much more than would be a share buyback if that’s what you’re using it as an example. Our orientation to deploying capital is to find growth opportunities aligned with our strategic capabilities and that is our priority in terms of deploying capital, paying dividends and share buyback is really, when we really have excess capital if you will to bear. So we are very pleased with this and we can - we’ll continue to look for investment opportunities not only in this area but in our other Optum services and in our benefits businesses where we think there would may be opportunities down the road. I don’t know if that gets to your Larry.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. The other lines of business I’ll ask Jeff, Austin, and Steve maybe to respond in terms of our overall, we are not changing our outlook with respect to our long-term growth trends or with no intention of suggesting that. We still feel confident that in the long-term our businesses are capable of producing growth in that range and we are hopefully seeing our performance start to recover back into that range. So as it relates to the individual businesses maybe I’ll start with Steve Nelson.
Stephen Hemsley: So I think pretty solid across the board in terms of and the Optum business continues to be strong, the backlog pipeline and Optum continues to grow and revenue backlog continues to grow actually at a faster pace than what we’re actually showing in our reported results, so pretty positive in that regard. We’ll take maybe two more questions, so the next one please.
Stephen Hemsley: I would say just in broadly that kind of coming back to an earlier question that I think the chemistry and the operating dynamics across the businesses continue to mature and get better I think we have a very strong generation of leaders here and they’re working together. In terms of this particular transaction, a lot of work done at the corporate level in terms of the actual developing and execution of a transaction of this caliber and then working with the Optum team and the OptumRx team that has been probably the orientation at this point in time. So I would say that as it relates to that transaction, I think it was our - I think we’ve really good capabilities at our corporate development, organization are - treasury organization and so forth and then they take the business expertise from the Optum team really where our PBM resides. So that is probably in - that flavor was probably played out more in that. But I would tell you that the better together dynamic across our businesses has never play –actually been better and as I said earlier, I think and certainly it’s our intent that this is just the beginning. Next question please.
Stephen Hemsley: So to just to sum up the quarter, the story is really again about growth, growth in revenues, earnings based on more consistent performance for customers, growth in the number of people we partner with and serve across the healthcare system. And growth in the scope and diversity of our businesses. So we thank you and we’ll see you next quarter. Thank you.
