Steve Hemsley: Yes, that is an all in kind of what we see funding deficiency to Medicare for 2015.Matthew Borsch – Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Hemsley: It was a little gobbled on that second one. Your second question is a $100 million related to what?Justin Lake – JP Morgan Chase & Co: I'm sorry, $100 million of hep C cost, I think you mentioned up on them.
Steve Hemsley: Sure, as you point out. How hep C is addressed really does vary across the businesses based upon the segment of business that we are in, so we will try to respond to several of those and maybe we will start out with Gail.
Steve Hemsley: I think we will respond kind of in more general terms. We are certainly not going to get into case specific across segments. So absent that, I think we can give you a response.
Steve Hemsley: So I might complete that very comprehensive response, by saying if you listen Optum's challenges are out more around abundance. There are significant opportunities getting those relationships started right, recognizing. They're going to be substantially larger than the relationships we've had in the past that they're going to engage a broader spectrum of services and that they're much longer term. We are trying to be thoughtful about these approaches in each of our businesses there as well as continuing to make sure that we are investing. So that we are delivering ever better value. So they're navigating in that those kind of waters right now which are really great waters to be in at the moment. So next question.
Steve Hemsley: You know, I'd also observe that while we will, if we engaged in readiness. You really don't have to commit until September I think. So we have time to see how this plays out a bit.A. J. Rice – UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
Steve Hemsley: You know, I'm not sure that we offer kind of public perspective on future rate settings that we don't really have any control over. We are aware of the factors and many others that go into thinking in terms of rate setting. We are still digesting 2015 and I really am not going to comment about that rate setting process. If you look back, our [batting] average on that would be pretty poor. So I don't think we are going to set into that, I would just speculate that there is been pretty steady funding pressure in terms of the Medicare Advantage program that it is been hit severely by the insurance taxes. It's been effected by the funding posture in various ways that CMS develops the rates each year and this is now been several years against a moderate but still rising overall cost trend. So we will be very watchful and careful with respect to continuing to advocate for fair funding to the Medicare Advantage segment. It's a segment that serves 15 million seniors, it continues to grow. It continues to perform exceptionally well particularly in comparison to the fee-for-service program. So we would be advocates of thinking that programs really should be more the future of Medicare and funded appropriately for that purpose and that it affects seniors. Our posture there hasn't really changed and it won't change in '16 and we will be hopeful that, to you know the funding perspectives take that into consideration going forward. Beyond that, I really can't really respond to your question.
Steve Hemsley: I offer a response that probably won't be very surprising and then ask Dave, if he has any comments. I would – our capital postures have been changed and in the broadest sense and they're all oriented towards balance of building for the future in continuing to grow and diversify and enterprise in a thoughtful and logical way and then making sure that we are returning capital to shareholders in a efficient as well as balanced way. So we will continue to invest organically actually first and foremost and you can see those investments play out in our Optum business and there are also investments in the UnitedHealthcare business and I would also offer that a lot of our internal capital spending as you set in the financials are particularly related to technology in continuing to advance in a refine, a better and more modern health system that we can propagate across the country. We continue to balance that with external growth and we continue to maintain a disciplined appetite to continue to grow and expand our business, where we see opportunities to either expand or position a market share that we are looking to pursue market position or secondly cultivate a capability and much of our investment is around bringing capabilities into [bear] and adding them to our portfolio. Optum is a great example of this and our technology is its wealth. And then lastly to return capital by way of a balance between dividends which we have been advancing strongly and will continue to take an orientation to make sure that we are advancing them to a market pay out position and share buyback. Those have served us well and they've been very consistently applied and it provides a nice balance in terms of being able to continue to advance, expand and diversify the business and capture that growth, which is really the sustaining longer term growth and opportunity as well as maintaining a discipline over capital efficiency and maintain appropriate and hopefully accretive capital returns and earning returns.
Steve Hemsley: But again, also a good thing in terms of it positions us and how it sustains that members and does it for a good period. So I think, while there is resulting pressure. The reality is, I think a very good business decision and a good outcome for us. Right.Joshua Raskin – Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right and no impact from weather then because that wasn't mentioned.
Steve Hemsley: But you've a very good list, Josh. You were listening very attentively and but I think we will conclude our Q&A session for this morning as always. There an opportunity for you to talk to John and Beth and so forth through the course of the day. I just might sum up by saying UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare are tracking to the plans, we shared with you. As we told you in December. We fully expect the challenging conditions throughout 2014 and we are working through the headwinds of ACA implementations, the Medicare cuts, comparative market dynamics etc. we would have had an underlying growth rate of more than 20% absent the impact of ACA taxes in the regulatory provision. We believe we have the right plans and plays to deliver on our commitments and we know the people of this company have the talent, the experience, the innovation and the drive and are determined to succeed. So we thank you again for joining us. We will see you next quarter and this concludes this morning's call. Thank you.
Dan Schumacher: Sure, good morning. Justin. On hepatitis C as Steve mentioned. We saw $100 million of cost in the first quarter little more than that and that was across all of our benefits business. So Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial and I think what we are seeing in not in consistent with what folks are seeing across the industry, which is higher pent up demand, as there was more patients that were warehoused leading up to the launch hepatitis C vaccines. And so we would expect that there would be some moderation and new patient volume as that initial pent up demand starts to wear off, but I would tell you that obviously these are 12 week and 24 week treatment regimen. So those folks that were introduced in the first quarter, will carry forward into the second. In terms of its relation to our expectation. I won't say that's specifically other than to say that it's a multiple of what we had expected.Justin Lake – JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thanks for the color.
Dan Schumacher: Good morning, Sarah. Dan Schumacher again, with respect to the new patient volume that we're seeing. We are seeing the highest volume on a percentage basis in Medicaid lock as you would expect as well as in Medicare and then follow-up by commercial, but when you translate that through to the impact obviously Medicare is lower because of the reinsurance aspects of Part D. So that gives you a sense of where the volume is coming from, with regard to the reimbursement. I'd ask Austin Pittman to provide some perspective.
Dan Schumacher: Good morning, Chris. It's Dan. We've been surprised on the volume, the pent up demand across all three businesses and maybe I'll step through the Commercial Care ratio and how that goes into the consolidated and how you think about Medicare and Medicaid to put it into context around the pieces. So from, as you look at the Commercial Care ratio it was higher this quarter than we had expected and there's really two pieces two it. One obviously Hep C and the other element is the early renewals. So we saw greater volume of early renewals and so customers choosing to stay with their existing plan typically healthier and younger and that led to less premium. So those are two factors that were really influencing the commercial outcome and then when you blend that together with Medicare and Medicaid which had pressure from Hep C but overall are performing well in line with our expectations that meets the impact at a consolidated level. So hopefully that provides greater color on the implications inside each for the businesses.Christian Rigg – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Understood. Thanks.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Josh. It's Dan. You add a lot a pieces to that. First I want to clarify, you talked about the commercial loss ratio. The commercial loss ratio guidance is 79.2% plus or minus 50 basis point. The consolidated loss ratio guidance is 80.5% plus or minus 50 basis points. And so as we look inside the Commercial business. We have two principal pressures, the bigger of which is the early renewal impact and having less premium. Good long-term thing, it impacts our premium in near term and then the second in the order of impact is, the Hepatitis C impact and when you put that together that gets muted on the Medicare and Medicaid side because they don't have those other dimensions we are talking about other than the Hep C. And our consolidated basis, that might suggest that a loss ratio may lean towards the higher end of the range. That's about, also I think ACA fees. Our fees in the quarter, we're in the range of about $450 million on an expense basis and then obviously from a reimbursement standpoint, we have reimbursement in the commercial business, which is higher because it has insurer fees and the reinsurer's fees. We have less in Medicaid because it's just the insurer's fee and then there isn't a mechanism in Medicare in premium to recover that. So hopefully that gives you some more context around the pieces.
Dan Schumacher: That's more of an impact on the enrollment. So you look at a risk based enrollment and some of the pressure we are seeing there and potential forward, that's more a commentary on the enrollment and less on the loss ratio.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure, good morning. Let me first address the hep C, then we will talk about the issue in New York. I think as you mentioned first the hep C therapies as you know are very effective and one of the things that we are doing is working to ensure that appropriate clinical protocols and standards are in place, but as noted the price is exceptionally high and as Steve said in his opening comments that controversial and it's putting a lot of pressure on States, CMS and in terms of our day as well as our employer sponsor, so the cost has to be addressed. As we think about actions. In the Medicaid space particularly. First and foremost, we are working with each of our states to ensure that we are aligned with their expectations on their PDL and how they want to handle that and also giving them ideas on risk mitigation from a cost perspective, what we are paying for the Medicaid it is the cost to the program that wasn't priced in. So we are working with our States to figure out that funding gap. We do expect it as a cost of delivering service in that space and would expect that will be reimbursed but the timing is what is uncertain now because accelerated very quickly and as Dan said, in his opening remarks about this because warehousing and the rapid launch, this is something everyone's dealing with across the States right now. In terms of the issue on New York. Let me open up a few comments, I'll just Jeff Alter, our CEO of our Commercial Business to comment. I think Steve highlighted in New York, we have a somewhat I think unique situation in the small group market in particular, where there are new entrants as well as existing competitors pricing below what we believe is the sustainable cost structure and pricing below, what we believe our cost. We've always maintained pricing discipline. We're a market share leader in New York, we've had a long history of several decades of consistent performance in that market, but we do think that there is a market correction needed. We are going to stay very disciplined in our pricing but again because of the dynamic that's going on there. It's something that, Steve and we highlighted in our opening comments.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Good morning. As you know, we had a very modest footprint in 2014 and as we've said and still believe, we do have buyers to increase that participation in 2015. There's a lot happening in that, we are in the process of doing our evaluation. Obviously, we are looking at how the markets and products are regulated. The networks that we would put in place, but there are some things that we did learn in the first part of the market for us that the size of the overall market is positive and that the configuration of products around sober, is also positive for the market and that there is now some experience and a desire to be, to keep the exchanges stable. So we don't know much about second year pricing. We do enough first year pricing still again, at this stage just reiterate that our [bias] is to increase our participation to '15 and we will share more with you as those decisions are made over the coming months.A. J. Rice – UBS Investment Bank: Okay and great thanks.
Gail Boudreaux: Good morning, Ralph. A couple of things because there is number of questions embedded in there. Let me start first with your questions around exchanges in early renewals. One of the first things, is that we've had a very successful early renewals of our small group customers in the fourth quarter that clearly is a big positive for us going forward. In terms of the New York issue, I'm going to let Jeff specifically address it. We talked about it, but it is a unique to New York issue and yes it is both existing competitors well as new entrants, but there is some unique dynamics in that market. You brought a question around what's happening in the competitiveness of the overall market. As Steve said in his opening comments, we have seen in the first quarter again after very successful early renewals of small groups and intensified pricing in some slack markets that is having an impact on our fully insured risk because we have stayed very disciplined in our pricing. So that's really the dynamic that's going on it is select market. And there is dynamic of the early renewal that occurred that having impact on that. New York has some unique characteristics and we wanted to point that up because of those in your characteristics and I'll ask Jeff again to comment on that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, hi Christine. Very quickly, we've been pleased to have the opportunity to serve both Federal and State Government. I think what they've seen is something that's [indiscernible] of the answer to your question is, they've hopefully seen the technology the general healthcare and the execution capability that an organization like Optum can provide. I think that, we will build relationships both at the State level as well as take our technology out commercially in a bigger and bigger way really substantial relationship where we become a more embedded part of our clients.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, this is Mike [indiscernible]. So from a employer perspective there's 700 of the Fortune 1,000 that Optum doesn't serve in any way today. We think there is a large opportunity out there for us to take a lot of our consumer solutions directly to those and wrap those services around them. So we are in ramping up the sales force. We are in conversations, starting those conversations with the number of these large employers. We are also starting conversations with a number of associations and other places to try to get to consumers with product and services that we think will really empower them to take ownership at their healthcare in new ways.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so Christine. Thanks a lot. There's three things that I'll touch on and where these big relationships will continue to grow and foster and our three basic areas as we mentioned. Optum360 and we are in several negotiations with the next phase of clients, we obviously aren't going to expose those right now, but I'd also remind you that business platform is adding clients every day. They may not be the big large multi-year arrangements and many of their if you look at our backlog going 18% to $7.2 billion that's a function of those tools that we have out in the marketplace of subsets of a full blown and the [NDL] being absorbed by many, many clients on a quarterly basis. And those set the stage for large arrangements down the line and some of those are measured in the $10 million to $15 million arrangements over the course of three years to five years, but we will see other very large ones added over the year and then I think we are doing far more work on the ACO side helping hospitals, reengineer themselves to become ready for fee-for-value. So we've had several large transactions in that space and we will continue to see those through the year and then finally, the other area emphasis for us both in our payer, provider. Andy touched on it in the government market is our continue ability to impact the market place from a BPO standpoint. With our technology scale, with our state-of-the-art technology and ready to go technology along with our consulting services. We are finding acceptance in the marketplace whether it be amongst payers or providers to slide in the positions, where we are really managing large chunks of there, if you will core business so that they can focus on taking care of their members. And with our backgrounds both on the payer and provider side. We end up being a pretty suitable partner in those really game changing decisions that governments, payers and providers are making and more consistent basis as margin pressures and talent pressures continue to mount the market place.Christine Arnold – Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: It's a very meaningful impact on the early renewal side, we saw more than two times the volume, we had expected.Joshua Raskin – Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would tell you, as we look at weather in the quarter. It was a very smallish impact. As you look which days were the heaviest in relation to what we see a normal patterns as you look at where our densities are from a population perspective. It wasn't particularly meaningful.Joshua Raskin – Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Thanks.
