Jeff Alter: Good morning, Justin. It's Jeff Alter. Yes, we had a really nice quarter in '14 and a really nice start to '15, primarily driven by our new products we have put into the marketplace in reaction to the beginning of 2014 in some of our challenges around price points. So, we worked really hard, tried to create products that were tied to network design and benefit plans that saw a different value proposition to many of our markets. We first began to see a churn in on membership profile around much better improved persistency of existing accounts, then we saw some of our value around affordability, helping our experience rated accounts and then as we moved into '15 I think our exchange expansion also helps create some additional products portfolio advancements off exchange that have been selling really well. Your question around pricing, as Dave mentioned our pricing remains consistent and stable. I think that is also helping us as others are -- our pricing maybe a little bit to fix the shortfall in there, past pricing efforts and I think the market remains as stable as we have talked about, competitive and no real change to that portfolio of pricing across the various markets that we serve.
Jeff Alter: Our in-group attrition has flattened that is probably due to the economy and then earlier in the year we did have some in-group attrition that was related to the ACA that has leveled off.
Jeff Alter: Good morning Christine, it’s Jeff Alter again. On in build exchange we built for our initial years to margin of 1% and 2% without any reliance on the risk orders, but we believe longer-term it’s 3% to 5% business and like everything else well endeavored to be in the top-end of that range, as we go forward.
Jeff Alter: Good morning Ralph, it’s Jeff Alter again. So let’s start with, yes we have had about over the 400,000 level in signups. We still feel comfortable within that range that we gave in at the investor conference between 400 and 500 by at this point I might think more around the 500 and depending on how the next week or so plays out, we could be that, but right now we feel comfortable within that range. The good news for us is we are growing where we said we would grow, which is growing a little bit more in some of those markets than we thought. So at investor conference we talked about some of the bigger markets where we thought we could grow and do well and that’s where we are growing and doing well. So along with our plan that is where the growth is coming in. Now obviously in California we are disappointed, we wanted to bring more choice and options to the residents, to California, we believe competition is good for them, unfortunately we were not able to get agreement from that Board to be in all markets, we did get granted a few markets where there are and as many carriers as they would like, we will -- we are reviewing that now so we might be in California in '16, but in a small handful of markets and we will go back in '17, we believe choices and competition are good for all markets including California.
Jeff Alter: Yes, outside of California we are working now to expand our footprint into the other markets that we happen to -- we didn’t serve in '15.
Jeff Alter: Good morning Josh, it’s Jeff Alter. So I think again from most, everyone of our clients and employers in general this is a very important benefit for them to believe so they look for the value that can be provided, but it’s also one of their more expensive items so they look for a partner who can work with them over the long-term to keep affordability in mind, but also deliver great products, service and innovation and that’s when if you think about the combination of UnitedHealthcare and Optum together working in partnership with the clients and their consulting and their brokerage create that plan that works for that employer across sort of a very long time stamp. We believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver anything at any point for that client as their business changes and their dynamics change. We’re able to bring in consumer products that Optum builds, obviously our close tie to OptumRx now that specialty medicine is becoming a cross-factor having the close relationship that we have with OptumRx to embed that inside the medical benefit is vitally important for the value proposition that the employer is looking for. And then across the spectrum into OptumHealth our disease management wellness programs, our consumer engagements, employers have spent considerable amounts of money to have disease management wellness programs and are looking for more engagements and the work that Rally and OptumHealth does to go beyond just by creating an offering but actually get that engagement and get that uptake to keep people healthier and engaged in their wellness is vitally important. So I think what we’ve seen is the marketplace has stabilized over the last year or so is that that view from employers looking for a longer term partner who can work with them to create an even more valuable benefit plan an offering for their employees but also be mindful of the cost factors that are involved in it.
Stephen Hemsley: So we’re really seeing pretty broad-based response to the offerings you’re putting out in this point of time.
Stephen Hemsley: So, Peter just to maybe to close that out, just to be clear and taking Jeff's comments earlier and Dan's comments now I think it's really our product positioning exercise that and possibly some firming of the market that's caused us to advance our business. The other thing I’d -- so I think you can conclude that we're not under pricing the business. The other thing you can look at is our relative MTTR performance for the fourth quarter versus the full year. And if you look at that you will see that that we're performing better in Q4 than we did for the full year we have performed very well for the full year, but you can see some acceleration in performance as well. So hopefully that closes out that issue we’re not surprising.
Stephen Hemsley: I think it’s important to note the orientation of the quality. And the fact that the structure actually drives volume towards the better providers that enter into these performance contracts and that we’re progressing these contracts into more sophisticated forms where they’re actually taking on even greater performance responsibility overtime.
Stephen Hemsley: Well that’s an interesting combination question Christine. So I’ll have Larry take the Optum side and then we’ll respond to the margins on the public exchange business.
Stephen Hemsley: We may have time for about two more questions. So, we could take a look at that, maybe two more questions. So next please.
Stephen Hemsley: Yes, something to really match the breadth of their offerings and the innovation dynamic and the reliability of continues innovation, continues focus on technology, so that you are building value year-after-year-after-year which plays a lot to the retention rates you have too. So good question and great response, so thank you very much for joining us this morning kind of to sum up 2014. UnitedHealth Group had a clearly a very strong year in '14 and momentum of the business grew throughout the course of the year, so that we ended the year perhaps, our strongest point and have brought that strength into the beginning of 2015 and through consistent execution and consistent focus on performance, serving customers, the people that we serve continuing to drive innovation, matched with a strong financial disciplines we expect our growth to accelerate in 2015 and beyond. We thank you very much for joining us this morning and we will see you next quarter. Thank you.
Dan Schumacher: Good morning, Peter, it’s Dan Schumacher. So, let me handle first the medical cost sides, talk quickly about pricing and then a little bit on Hep C I think those are the three elements you are interested in.
Dan Schumacher: From a medical cost standpoint just kind of looking at 2014 broadly, we’re very pleased with our medical cost performance. And in the fourth quarter in particular we again came in a little bit better than what we had expected and that's true in our commercial business, as well as in our government businesses. As we look at the utilization under that more specifically, that continues to be very well controlled, Steve did mention that again this year we were able to drive an absolute reduction in our hospital usage per capita, we did that in each business and that was the sixth consecutive year we've been able to drive an absolute reduction in hospital in patient usage per capita. So when we put that all together from a commercial standpoint our cost trend for 2014 came in actually a little bit better than the 5.5% that we had guided to at the end of -- at the beginning of December as well as the low-end of the range we guided to a year ago. As we think about our trend into the future, we have assumed that we're going to see a moderate increase in utilization in each of our benefits businesses and that outlook is what informed our pricing, as well as our benefit planning. And I'll tell you with December behind us and the majority of January behind us as well, we're not seeing any indication or evidence of an increase in utilization. So we feel very comfortable with our forward outlook, commercial cost trend for 2015 is 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. Sitting here today, we have 75% of our revenue for 2015 locked-in and the vast majority of that revenue comes from retained accounts those are customers that we have experience with and we understand their performance, so we feel very comfortable with not only our cost trend outlook, but also in relation to where we're positioned from a revenue standpoint in our commercial business. Lastly you asked about Hep C. Obviously that's a category of significant focus for a lot of people as of late. In 2014 obviously we revised our expectations for cost coming out of the first quarter and I would tell you that we tracked very much in line with that over the balance of 2014. As we look to 2015 we do expect an increase in those costs in each of our businesses, we've reflected that and captured it in our outlook. So, we feel comfortable with where we are positioned.
Dan Schumacher: What I’d tell you Peter is that we're constantly working to manage cost and drive greater value. In this space we're pleased to see competition. As we look at new product launches particularly in very high cost categories we have a very rigorous process, it's a process that evaluates the clinical equivalency of the drugs. We look at the effectiveness of each drug. We design clinical programs to ensure appropriate use. And then we obviously are looking at the PDL and formulary implications and then we're negotiating relationships that really drive the best value for our members and our customers. So, we don't talk specifically in this form about manufacturer relationships, but rest assured we're all over this.
Dan Schumacher: So your math is right. Yes we are expecting about a 20% increase in the concentration of value-based reimbursement. And going from -- we ended the year at about $36 billion of spend in value-based arrangements and we’re looking to drive that north of $43 billion in 2015. And in terms of the underlying businesses, we’re seeing double-digit growth in all three of our businesses, so I wouldn’t highlight anyone individually. We’re looking to make progress across the spectrum and across the benefits landscape. And we’re seeing contributions to enrollment as a result of those relationships where we partner more distinctly with certain delivery system partners. And on the cost side, we’re also seeing the outcomes there. We talked at the Investor Day, I know we had a breakout seminar to talk about driving 1% to 6% aggregate savings from our value-based reimbursement approaches, and then within that obviously the numbers can be significant based on how they’re designed and as well as how tightly they are aligned around quality and performance and outcome. So we’re very pleased with our progress there. We’re focused on it in 2015 and we’ll be in '16 and beyond.
Steve Nelson: Good morning A.J., it's Steve Nelson. Yes we are very pleased with not only how we ended the year but how we performed in AP. As Dave indicated, we drove really strong growth in our group Medicare Advantage business and I would say market leading growth actually, so really pleased with that. But we expect full year growth in our individual membership as well and that’s particularly -- we’re particularly excited about that because of the work we’ve done with reshaping our network and you're seeing premiums broadly into our portfolio, and we are able to grow in the markets that were key to us such as Florida, New York and Texas and Southern California. So really off to a nice start and I would say also we’ve saw some really good results and nice start to Medicare stuff as well. And across those two products really again off to a good start, good place to be, in fact maybe a little bit ahead of what we were thinking and so we feel really good about the ranges that we offered in last December and still get about those ranges. In terms of the 2016 rates, there is a lot of variables that go into the final rate as you know and so you don’t really speculate on that, but I will offer that our position has been -- that it’s just a very successful and valuable program to seniors and it’s had great results in medical costs and improving outcomes. Member satisfaction is up and the program is growing. So, we remain strong advocates for our seniors and their healthcare and we hope and expect that the rates when they are finally published will be fair and appropriate. Overall, we’re really pleased with the positioning of our Medicare business and how we’re heading into 2015.
Steve Nelson: Sure. No, hi, it’s Steve Nelson. You’re right Steve stars obviously is a factor but it’s one of many and it’s very -- the benefit of planning processes is one that has a lot of factors in it and we take all those things into account as we look at the results that we’ve achieved in AP that is very much in line with our expectations and stars doesn’t particularly spike out as the core driver to any of those results again it’s across so many factors and a lot of including your brand positioning, your brand strength, strength of the distribution, the engagement you have with providers and again that is how you design the product. So there is a lot of factors in there, on the group side stars is important it allows you to price competitively and our group membership has enforced our plans and so that adds to our ability to grow that membership and thus contribute it to that.
Steve Nelson: And I think bodes well because I think the large portion of establishing premium products in markets a lot of that work got done this year.
