David Wichmann: Thank you, John. As you can tell, the businesses of this diversified and growing enterprise remains strong and well-positioned for sustained, balanced growth as we continue to add new capabilities and market positions. We remain committed to our mission and an intense focus on serving one person at a time at increasing levels of value, more affordable, better outcomes and improved experiences, while generating strong returns for you, our shareholders. Operator, let’s open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
David Wichmann: Ricky, you cut out about the same time Ralph did, so we’ll take a shot at answering your question around telehealth policies and how we think this will normalize out. Actually, I’ll ask Dirk to do that and maybe ask Dr. Decker to talk about the pluses and minuses – not pluses and minuses but just maybe when more in-patient care should be administered versus digital.
David Wichmann: And if I can, I’m just going to have Dan Schumacher on the Bind board also comment on what he’s seeing with the overall progression there.
David Wichmann: John Rex will answer and then I want Dr. Decker to maybe talk a little bit about the evolution from fee-for-service to risk.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Kevin. That’s all we have time for today. So, apologies to Ralph and Ricky both whose questions got cut off somehow. So, please, I am glad we were able to fix that, but please give our team a call and we will be happy to answer any other questions that you have. I would like to thank you all for joining us again today. I hope this morning’s call provided you with useful context and importantly clarity and helped to better understand our ambitions for the year ahead. As I said in my opening remarks, we are starting 2021 with an optimistic view. Despite these extraordinary circumstances, our team continues to manage the challenges at hand with unprecedented resiliency and ingenuity. At the same time, we continue to pursue our long-term growth strategy with an even greater sense of urgency and intensity building upon the agility, insights and considerable new capabilities developed this past year to deliver a high-performing healthcare system built on personal human connections, enabled through information and technology and supported by strong alignment of physician-led value-based delivery of care serving millions of people one person at a time while delivering distinguished returns for our shareholders. Thanks again for joining us. We’ll see you soon.
John Rex: Ralph, yes. So, we’re talking about spending. When we talk about near-baseline levels anticipated and again inclusive of the COVID-19 care costs. So, that’s why I was trying to give you some sense of kind of what component those, what those comprise in there, overall. And your second question, Ralph, I lost just the last part of it. I just want to make sure I heard that.
John Rex: Yes. I didn’t hear quite the very end of it. But when we’re talking about kind of the 11% zone, I think maybe what you were looking for is probably how that relates. Think of that 11% zone in terms of medical costs. If you’re looking at our medical costs on our income statement, I’d use about maybe three quarters of that level as a measure. What I would exclude from that, because we’re thinking about really kind of components, fee-for-service medical costs, but we incur on that. So, it would include UnitedHealthcare’s payments to capitated providers – it would exclude, sorry. It would also exclude things like pharmacy costs and such. So, I’d probably use about three quarters of that, and I think that’s where you’re going with that question. Thank you.
John Rex: Sure, Steve. John Rex here. I would say, additional color I could provide on that is kind of those actions well more than offset the magnitude of favorable reserve development in the quarter and just as those moved into those positions. Not too surprisingly, as you can tell, because we were able to, as we provide an outlook in December for the full year and how things would turn out, given the greater level of volatility in specific pieces of business over this course of this year as utilization moved around over the quarter, so thereby putting more plans into those kind of positions than one would of course normally have. Part of what one would have to anticipate in this kind of environment but certainly kind of that move. Thank you.
John Rex: Justin, I’d say the outlook for 2021 in terms of COVID impact, though even with what you’ve cited there in terms of as things were trending in the quarter still consistent with where we were at Investor Conference. And our expectation is that total direct COVID-19 care costs in 2021 will be similar to what we experienced for full year 2020. So there isn’t anything that would take us off that view right now. I think the other element we cited though, total COVID-19 care costs higher, and then the headwind being that care deferral likely being meaningfully lower than we saw in 2020.
John Rex: Good morning, Josh and Eric. John Rex here. So, looking at that, looking at that membership, so you are right in terms of where it is risk-based. Let me frame it from a very top level first, about two-thirds of overall OptumHealth revenue is risk-bearing revenue and we have sized before that you think of that as two-thirds of OptumCare also on risk-bearing relationships. If you want to get down to kind of the levels within OptumCare, there are 20 million members that are served by OptumCare of that 94 million that you are referring to. And then within that 20 million, 3.4 million are in some kind of risk-bearing relationship and then a smaller percentage in that in a true global capped relationship, I’d put well below half of that 3.4 million in a global cap relationship. So you are right and one of the reasons we were, I was speaking to that in my prepared comments, is because of that opportunity. There is a comparatively small amount of the total membership potential that is currently in a global cap relationship. That’s really what’s driving the growth of OptumHealth and OptumCare. It comes down to its primarily an organic revenue growth story, because when we affiliate with physician groups, typically those come in, many of them come in largely fee-for-service arrangements and then we seek to convert those to risk arrangements or with more accountability, more value-based care over several years. And so when you look at kind of the overall revenue growth story of that company, it is predominantly organic revenue growth story just because of that. And that’s really what I was talking about kind of why do we think there is double-digit revenue growth potential there for years to come. It’s because of the still very, I’d say, kind of early stage of where that stands.
