David Wichmann: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This quarter, we are pleased to report continued broad-based growth and forward momentum for our diverse healthcare enterprise. In our sessions with you each quarter, it is both humbling and an honor particularly from this chair to represent the dedication, energy and work of the 260,000 women and men who comprised this company today. I have the privilege of witnessing their efforts up close as I work with our people across the globe and it is inspiring. Each day, our people leverage clinical insights, data and information, advanced technologies and a service minded culture to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone. Having the opportunity to live this mission and witness its impact drives all of us. Over the past few decades, we have evolved as we have grown to serve more people and expanded our capabilities, but to us it often feels like we are just getting started. We see more opportunities to serve and to grow further in the next 10 years than ever before. We are focused on diversifying our business applying analytics and advanced technology to improve the use of information and better engage people and to improve the effectiveness of our businesses and ultimately the broad health system. We are raising our quality through rigorous net promoter disciplines leading to greater trust and loyalty. We are reducing healthcare costs to make healthcare more affordable advancing market leading innovations and simplifying the healthcare experience for consumers and care providers. The pace of growth of our organization that is achieved will be determined by how well we work with, perform for and serve others. The more we effectively serve the healthcare market’s true needs, the more we will realize our full potential leading to predictable and consistent growth in revenues, earnings, cash flows and enterprise value. To that end, this morning we reported strong performance in the third quarter of 2017. We grew revenues by 9% to $50.3 billion and grew adjusted earnings by 23% to $2.66 per share. And we reported $7.5 billion in cash flows from operations and annualized return on shareholders’ equity of 22.5% and a debt to total capital ratio of 38.2%, down nearly 900 basis points over last year. We now expect full year 2017 adjusted earnings to approach $10 per share. We expect this strong business momentum and performance to continue into 2018, 2019 and beyond driven by growth and service to our customers. In light, we will walk you through recent business trends in more detail beginning with Larry Renfro, our UnitedHealth Group Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Optum.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. Before I give a first look at 2018, let me touch briefly on the federal executive order from last week. We have a great deal of experience in the area covered in the order, short-term policies, association plans and expanded use of HRAs. We will be engaging with policymakers as the regulatory frameworks in these areas are developed over the next 60 to 120 days and hope to elaborate once the process has concluded. With regard to cost sharing reductions, you will recall that we have a very limited exchange presence, about 30,000 people in four states who are CSR eligible and we submitted plans for 2018 both with and without the CSR payments. Thus, we expect any impact to be extremely small. Now, to 2018 as you look at next year, it is important to keep several tailwinds and headwinds front of mind, themes, we have been consistent about over the last several quarters, continued growth, momentum and performance, particularly with customer retention as our NPS disciplines improve, increasingly effective capacities to manage and contain both medical and operating costs, the improving performance and capabilities of our modern operating technology and data analytics infrastructure and ongoing efforts to be strategic investors and thoughtful stewards of the capital you have entrusted to us. With regard to the headwinds, these remain largely around externalities centering on government programs, funding trends and taxes. On the latter, the return of the health insurance tax is the most meaningful. We and others have advocated strongly for the repeal or continued deferral of this tax. It ultimately increases cost to consumers through either increased premiums or benefit reductions and thus affects Medicare beneficiaries, individual policyholders, large and small businesses and Medicaid recipients. Absent the insurance tax reinstatement, we see our 2008 per share earnings squarely in our longstanding 13% to 16% long-term growth range. In 2018, the insurance tax would represent for us roughly $0.75 per share of comparative year-over-year earnings headwinds. That figure is composed of the rate increase in the tax itself, the effect of our market share gains in commercial and Medicare Advantage since 2016, and the accounting convention that creates a timing gap as it applies to commercial businesses. So as we look toward 2018, we see our per share adjusted earnings within a typically sized range with the top side of that range in line with the current market consensus for 2018 and we see an enterprise with strong momentum and a commitment to performing to its highest potential in 2018 and beyond. Before opening up for questions, there are a couple of things we would hope you take away from today’s report. First, our businesses are performing well at all levels and particularly for those we serve. We expect to continue to do so in 2018. That performance continues to produce distinctive growth. Second, we have focused initiatives in numerous areas such as innovation, digital health, artificial intelligence, data analytics, individual health record custodianship, NPS and advancing a consumer culture. The breadth of these initiatives reflects our restless and ambitious team, one determined to make a difference in healthcare serving one person at a time. Finally, we are a healthcare company rooted in our core competencies and delivered in benefits and services. Together, UnitedHealthcare and Optum offer distinctive competencies in clinical insight, technology and data and information. As we bring these key capabilities and distinctive value to clients, we are privileged to serve more people and we expect to continue strong growth for a long time. Our goal remains realizing the remarkable growth, service and social potential of this enterprise. We look forward to discussing all of this more with you in more detail at our investor conference in November. Thank you for your interest today. We will now open the floor to your questions, one question per person please.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Peter. And I appreciate you acknowledging our past growth, I think our team has done a very nice job in building this business and really setting the stage for our continued success in that area. Obviously, we are not commenting on the specifics of 2019, but we will give you some general sense of things. So, I will give it to Steve Nelson.
David Wichmann: Thanks for the question, Justin and appreciate your acknowledgment of the new role and our guidance on 2018. I will ask John Rex to respond to your question.
David Wichmann: So, hopefully, that’s helpful. Justin, we’ll break this down greater at our upcoming investor conference, but we did recognize you would like to get some visibility on its components.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Kevin. As in our prepared remarks, we said that our trend is expect to be less than 6%, so within the lower end of the 6% plus or minus 50 basis point range that we had provided at the investor conference last year. Overall, it’s looking strong. Our team does a very nice job of containing healthcare costs, but let me ask Jeff Putnam, our Chief Financial Officer of UnitedHealthcare to add some details and then maybe I will make a few comments on the hurricanes.
David Wichmann: And then Kevin, as for the hurricanes, obviously it’s been an unprecedented time period and it’s been a really powerful and inspiring time to see how our employees have pulled together to help people that we serve and frankly their fellow employees as well in the communities broadly. I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank the countless women and men of our organization that gave so selflessly during this timeframe and continue to do so today. We invested heavily in the aftermath of these storms we provided financial relief for employees. We helped our customers get back on their feet. We worked with state leadership and we provided all kinds of financial assistance and in-kind services for the relief efforts in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico. So, there is typically some level of utilization offset, but I want to remind you that in the case of Optum, there is also lost revenue from reduced utilization. These are significant markets for our OptumCare businesses and then we had of course a fair amount of direct damage to our business as well as the financial effects of all these relief efforts. So in the end, we didn’t really pay a whole lot of attention to the financial impact if you will, but because that wasn’t what was most important at the time, but in the end it ended up being not material to our overall performance.
David Wichmann: We believe we have good visibility to our business and we don’t see disruption is affecting our Q4 results.
David Wichmann: No, I will ask Jeff Alter to touch on it. It was a single account. There is nothing particularly unique about it other than we happen to lose this one and unfortunately so for, Jeff.
David Wichmann: Well, I think our development is indicative of the cost containment efforts across our enterprise and we have – I will ask Jeff Putnam to comment on its components.
David Wichmann: Yes, thanks, Dan. I will just comment on the Medicaid market overall. It continues to be a very strong marketplace, very active. We are honored with recent new market wins in Virginia as well as in Missouri. We have had important renewals recently with Louisiana and Colorado, Arizona LTSS, so again really strong performance across the board I think in recognition of the value that we are bringing to our state partners. Because we look forward, we have got a very strong pipeline over 20 RFPs in-house. That pipeline is shaping up pretty heavily with a turn towards populations of very complex needs, which really plays to the strength of Optum and UnitedHealthcare. We have carved out a very distinctive capability in serving those populations. So, again, it’s a strong marketplace. I think states continue to look to manage Medicaid that deliver value in predictability and cost as well as importantly increasing the quality to the individuals that we serve. So, we are very, very bullish about the future of that marketplace. So, hopefully, you are getting a good sense of the consistency of the performance of the business across the board that we are referring to in our prepared remarks. I might add to that, that our international business, our global business has performed nicely year-over-year as well. Nice progression in particular coming from our colleagues down in the meal.
David Wichmann: So, these plan designs have been heavily sought after and have been a key contributor to our growth in part because of our ability to offer an account like an HSA alongside them are in HRA as well. So, it’s been a considerable growth category for us and it’s expected to continue to rise, but evolve and become more modern with greater focus on tailoring products and networks to individual consumer needs whether they be individual policies or in the case of a group A’s policies, the individuals inside those groups, but maybe I will have Jeff Alter provide some additional color on or Dan Schumacher.
David Wichmann: Thank you for your kind remarks, Sheryl. I appreciate that. As you might suspect this transition was architected by Steve Hemsley in our board and they have done a fantastic job and I guess that should be no surprise to anyone. And thank you for your acknowledgment of the performance of the business. It does continue to advance quite nicely. All that said, we are not yet performing at our full potential and there is a lot of opportunity for this organization to continue to improve to better serve people to grow organically as well as deploy capital in ways that it has in the past with maybe a slight tilt in direction overall. As you know, we haven’t invested in a significant health plan in nearly 8 years. We do, do some small plug-in acquisitions here and there and largely for the purpose to enter into a new market and/or to gain some kind of competency that allows us to better serve people more nationally. So, the vast majority of what you have seen from us in terms of focus on the UnitedHealthcare front has been to drive an organic growth agenda and then to push more globally. And when I talk about globally I mean selectively globally, we entered into Brazil, we felt that, that was a good market. It is turning out to – as it continues to evolve to in fact be a good market and we look forward to the day when the political climate and regulatory and economic climates of Brazil shape up. We think that, that will be a nice growth category for the middle class and as a result will lead to nice growth in our business. You probably saw that we extended that into some initial activities in Chile, Colombia and Peru through the pre-announced acquisition that’s underway with the Medica. That is – the combination of those two give us the type of South American presence that we believe we can leverage to serve the people of South America and they in a broader way recognizing fully that not all markets are investible. So, global will be part of it, but I would say measured global investments. The more significant investments that we will make going forward particularly on the growth front will be through Optum as we have in the past. As John articulated in the prepared remarks, we have formed the pharmacy care services business, which frankly allowed us to have a foundation from which to reinvent that business if you will meaning bringing greater technological capacities, bringing our synchronization story and capacities there as well as also addressing some of the transparency issues that exists in that market overall. We believe we can add considerable innovative value to evolving that. Second of that would be are really where a lot of our investments are today is really in the healthcare delivery space, particularly in the ambulatory context across certain major markets in the United States. You have seen us move out on those obviously their smaller acquisitions, they may not show up as much, but the Optumcare business is one which we have grown nicely through local care practices establishing a foundation in urgent care, continuing to leverage our nurse at home capacities that came from the XLHealth acquisition dating back to 2011 I believe and ‘12 excuse me and then also the recent addition of our surgical capacities. So, Andrew Hayek and his team are continuing to build that business on an organic de novo as well as through the deployment of capital. And then I think, you will see us also move heavily in this area around technology and taking advantage of the vast assets that this company has in information and data leveraging that more distinctly like you have seen us with Rally, which was a pre-revenue company 3 years ago. Now, it’s a distinctive consumer digital health capacity in the industry. We will continue to do the same on the healthcare delivery front as well as find ways to create greater value out of the data assets to better serve healthcare communities broadly. So, I’d say those are the directions that we are headed with, so biased towards investing in Optum, but I would like to just underscore that our capital deployment philosophies will be consistent with what you have seen in the past. It’s important for us to drive strong returns and liquidity for our shareholders. We will continue to see our dividend move to a market rate and we will be balanced about how we manage our debt positions as well.
David Wichmann: Okay, there is a lot there, Ana. I will ask John Prince to respond and maybe I will give you a few comments on Amazon at the end.
David Wichmann: I think you addressed any commentary. I might say, I was really just going to talk broadly about partnerships. The business has done a nice job of partnering with the marketplace broadly in the past and in no time will that become more important than the future as well. So, we will continue to engage with innovative and thought leading organizations and seek to serve consumers better managing their healthcare needs in helping make health systems work better for everyone. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Yes, thank you Zack, good question. I am going to ask – we do have considerable experience with short-term plans. I am going to ask Dan Schumacher to comment.
David Wichmann: Maybe I will ask Tim to comment on the margin and then maybe Andrew can provide some comments about where we are headed with the business.
David Wichmann: Great. So, I think you could take from that that our bench is deep and continues to get deeper. Welcome, General Horoho and thank you Christine for your comments.
David Wichmann: So, I will wrap briefly with this. UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare are intently focused on fulfilling the healthcare needs of the people and customers we serve. As we had distinct tangible value to healthcare, we continue to grow at a sustainable market leading pace. We expect to continue this trajectory through the remainder of 2017 into 2018 and for the decade ahead. We look forward to sharing more detail with you at our investor conference in New York on November 28. Thank you for joining us and for your continued interest in our enterprise.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Peter, good morning. As far as 2017 goes, our performance continues to be very strong, what we are seeing aligns to our expectation. So that really sets the foundation for a robust optimistic outlook both for the industry at large as well as our performance inside 2018. I think what we are seeing as we look at the marketplace for 2018 is very stable benefits broadly, very few exits, very few closures, really great for this team here. I think that will enable continued advances in both popularity as well as the penetration for Medicare Advantage at large. Competitively, no big changes, generally speaking with respect to the competitive landscape, what we are seeing large, it aligns with our expectations. Our offerings in particular remain very strong, very stable, well-positioned for continued growth inside 2018 and we do expect to outpace the industry and growth in 2018.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Peter, with respect to group, obviously 2017 was one of our strongest years ever both in terms of retention and strong growth. I think it can be considered a bit of an anomaly, but certainly don’t want to diminish what is setting up to be a very strong year inside 2018 as well, great growth again in terms of new customers as well as strong retention.
Brian Thompson: Hi, Ralph. Yes, this is Brian Thompson. I won’t get into the specifics. What I can share with you is obviously as we approach 2018, the return of the tax is the biggest headwind. The good news for us is our own internal advancements are really meaningfully helping us reduce that tax impact to those that we serve first and foremost is our quality advance, secondarily is the productivity and scale that we get from that growth. And then to your point, perhaps the biggest tailwind for us is that strong clinical engagement that we did in year one that we see come to fruition in year two. So, it’s certainly the biggest momentum driver for us as we prepare for the return of the tax in 2018.
JohnRex: Good morning, Justin. Maybe let me give a little more color on that. So, first when we talk about the $0.75 that’s the sizing of the year-over-year earnings growth headwind that’s created from the tax coming back in, I’d say it’s somewhat over two-thirds of that is the explicit 2018 earnings reduction impact that we feel from that, while really the remainder of that. So they are somewhat under one-third derives from that really the tail impact that we saw from our 2017 earnings. If I think about kind of the composition of that and how that breaks down on the 2018 end year I would say more than half of that derives from Medicare Advantage and the non-deductibility of the fee and the restroom commercial risk products. And then as you mentioned really the other part of that $0.75 is just the other side of the tail of the 2017 tailwind. So, that’s really the way it breaks down and overview as we think about the ‘18 impact.
JohnRex: Yes. Matt, on the commercial side of that, that has to do just with the accounting convention on the commercial business in terms of the periods that one collects the tax and recognizes that and the period that one expenses it. So for any piece of business that’s other than the January 1 renewal date, there is going to be some gap in the timing that occur. So, we had called out that one of the tailwinds in 2017 was the result of that.
JohnRex: That flips into a headwind for us in 2018, because we get the full expense recognition in 2018. So, that smoothes out over a few years, but it creates the thing or the 2-year variability.
Tim Wicks: Great. Thank, Larry. Dave thanks for the questions. It’s Tim Wicks. Good to talk to you. The question around backlog, I think it’s really important to know that as we hit $13.9 billion this year, it was a really great, strong quarter of sequential growth of $500 million and was led by revenue cycle management, BPL and government businesses. And also I am just noting that number has grown $1.3 billion year-to-date. I would also want to note that it’s important to understand that late in Q3 of 2016, we had a very large end-to-end sale that’s now in implementation. So, a portion of that’s rolled off, but since that time as I mentioned earlier, we have also added $1.3 billion of new sales into that number and the backlog number is now up 11% year-over-year. And I will turn it to Eric to talk about the pipeline.
Tim Wicks: Great. Dave, first just to note, you had mentioned the margin at 20.7% for Q3. I think it’s important to note, it’s up 40 basis points from Q3 of 2016, so year-over-year a 40 basis point margin expansion than the same amount September year-to-date. Sequential margin expansion over just the last quarter has been 200 basis points, but as you think about that margin expansion just consistent with prior years, we anticipate being continued sequential margin expansion in Q4 and that’s really driven by seasonality in the business whether it’s perpetual sales or additional performance and incentive fee payments that we expect to see at the end of the year as well as Optum360 content sales and other technology and data and software sales. So, we expect this seasonality and we see it each year as we roll through the year and would expect the kind of Q4 seasonality that we have had previously, but not a real expectation to change our overall outlook to anything higher than what it is right now.
Tim Wicks: Sure, great. Thanks, Christine. So, as we think about the year today, reported margin grew 50 basis points year-over-year and 160 basis points sequentially driven by FDA. In addition, there was margin expansion from our care delivery businesses, HouseCalls and financial services as well and overall OptumHealth earnings grew 27% while we make strategic investments in the platform much as you represented. I think as you look at those investments, really important to think about that we make those investments in businesses that we have an intent to grow and those investments are designed to further improve that ability to grow and that’s really evidenced even in this most recent reporting period around our revenue growth at OptumHealth of 21% year-over-year for the third quarter. I turn it over to Andrew to talk specifically about the areas of investment and market areas, where we are making those investments across platforms.
