John Rex: Thank you, Dirk. Our colleagues' ongoing focus on further expanding and strengthening the foundations, which underpinned our growth pillars is paving the way for consistent growth in 2024 and beyond. Revenue in ‘23 of $372 billion grew by over 14% with double-digit growth at both Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $6.16, grew 15% and brought full-year adjusted earnings per share to $25.12, a growth of 13%. As Andrew noted earlier, at the end of December, we entered into an agreement to sell our Brazil operations and expect to close in the first-half of this year. Upon closing, we expect to record a charge of approximately $7 billion, the majority of which is non-cash and largely due to foreign currency translation losses accumulated over several years. The impact of this one-time charge will be excluded from our ‘24 adjusted earnings per share measure. For your modeling purposes, the full-year ‘24 outlook incorporated about $6 billion of revenue for Brazil or about 1.5% of consolidated revenue. Before reviewing our business results, I'll offer some brief comments on care activity. Care patterns remain consistent with those we shared with you in the first-half of ‘23. Activity levels continue to be led by outpatient care for seniors with orthopedic and cardiac procedure categories among the more prominent. As we've noted, our benefit design approach assumed these activity levels persist throughout ‘24. And the care patterns we observed exiting ‘23 reconfirmed that decision. On the margin, we saw some modest late-year seasonal activity, such as strong and welcome response from seniors to scheduled physicians at this to receive RSV vaccinations. In some cases, these were accompanied by additional necessary care being obtained, especially for people that had not seeing a physician in some time. A positive outcome for people's health. In some though, as we reflect on full-year ‘23 results, overall care activity was broadly in-line with the views we've shared earlier. And as we enter ’24, we're confident in the response of pricing and benefit design actions we undertook. With care patterns, continuing to be supportive of our care ratio outlook of 84% plus or minus 50 basis points. Turning to the performance of our businesses in ‘23. Optum Health revenues grew by 34% to over $95 billion as we increased the number of patients served under value-based care arrangements by about 900,000 to more than 4.1 million, expanded services in the home, and broadened and deepened the levels and types of care we offer. Optum Insight's revenues grew 30% to $18.9 billion. We concluded the year with a revenue backlog of $32.1 billion, an increase of $2.1 billion over last year. This growth was driven by our diverse and expanding product portfolio, which connects many of the key stakeholders across healthcare, whether it's launching new decision support solutions for providers, claims editing software for payers, or simplifying the payment process for all, our continued investments are fostering the next phase of Optum Insight growth. Optum Rx revenues grew 16% to over $116 billion, driven by the continued addition of new clients, expansion with an existing relationship, and organic growth of our pharmacy services businesses. In 2023, both customer retention and new wins were among the best Optum Rx has delivered. At UnitedHealthcare full-year revenues of over $281 billion grew nearly 13%. Adding to Andrew's earlier comments, within Medicare Advantage, we expect a majority of our full-year growth outlook to be realized outside the annual enrollment period with the growth patterns consistent with those we have experienced over the more recent years. Our Medicaid enrollment outlook for 2024 balances two key elements. First is that, state redetermination activities will be largely completed by mid-year. And second, that growth within existing states such as North Carolina and other new opportunities will partially offset these impacts. Within our domestic commercial offerings, we expect to serve about 1.5 million additional people in ‘24, a strong result. And we are encouraged by the continued positive customer response we are experiencing as we look ahead. Our ample capital capacities continue to underpin our long-term growth objectives. Cash flow from operations in ‘23 was $29 billion or 1.3 times net income. We returned nearly $15 billion to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends and deployed over $10 billion in growth capital to build for the future. To summarize our ‘23 performance and start to the New Year further solidifies and reinforces our confidence in both the ‘24 and long-term growth objectives we shared with you at the end of November. Now, I'll turn it back to Andrew.
John Rex: Yes. Good morning, Justin. You're absolutely right. So the prime factor here when we think about the full-year view and where we ended up being, what we talked about much earlier in the year in terms of the outpatient care activity among senior populations. And that continuing consistent with what we saw back much earlier in the year and very supportive of what we staked out in terms of the benefit design that we stepped into ‘24 with, in particular for senior populations in our Medicare Advantage products. So all those elements very much supportive of that view and the activities we undertook earlier in the year. As it relates to kind of where we landed the full year, so 10 basis points really above kind of what we indicated at the investor conference back in November of differential and Andrew hit on those items. Let me just kind of take it a little bit deep here. So, definitely some typical seasonality involved in there and the incremental elements were -- I point out a couple of items, seniors did really respond strongly to RSV vaccinations and scheduled physician visits. Sometimes those physician visits, what we noted were driving other care activity around that. So in some cases, seniors that hadn't perhaps been to a physician in a little while, and so they visited their PCP, got an RSV vaccine, and then in the meantime, their PCPs were able to close some additional care gaps as they were there, which is a great thing because some of these seniors hadn't been in for a while. So important activity to occur there in the fourth quarter. So that was one of the elements that we saw there. As it relates to kind of what we were seeing with elevated care costs for COVID, what we saw in the fourth quarter in particular in December. Overall, we've been noticing is that COVID admits for inpatient stays are running a higher cost per case than we traditionally saw. That actually kind of makes some sense. There are more intense cases typically that are going into inpatient stay. I will say we did notice in December that the total level of COVID admits were probably 50% to 60% above the October-November average that we had seen. So that was kind of the highest part of the year in terms of COVID inpatient admits. If I take those elements and sum together, that then more than accounts for the 10 basis points differential in our full-year view, Justin. As that pertains to your second question, as we look out into the next year and what we see in terms of patterns, I would call it patterns commensurate, kind of, with what we saw this year in terms of just the movement, with this kind of 84% view that we view for the full-year. As I step back and reflect and just kind of thinking about where -- broadly where the analyst consensus is, you picked particularly the 1Q. It's kind of in the right -- it looks like an appropriate zone in terms of staked out there for what one would expect. So thank you, Justin.
John Rex: Yes. Good morning, A.J. So first on the days claims payable, so 2.8 day sequential decline, two days year-over-year. So primarily the single largest factor would be exactly what you pointed to, the change in prior period development. So that has a significant impact, if you look about the year ago where we were in prior period development and where we were even the 3Q. So the significant impact on that part, that'd be the main factor. In terms of other contributing factors that we saw, we did see in the fourth quarter some modest acceleration in provider claim submission timing. So just speed up in terms of those submissions, how quickly we're receiving them from data service in terms of receipt. We also noted that as it related to the fourth quarter some higher claims intensity in the first part of the quarter, particularly October. So that's a factor that impacts the denominator, Medex per day in the day's claims payable metric. And that was a piece that was in that also. As it relates to the $100 million of unfavorable medical development in the quarter, put that mostly, the items that we were talking about in my response to Justin's question. So the respiratory-related activity that we saw in there, the modestly higher cost per case for inpatient, COVID admits, really kind of those were the main factors that we had in there in terms of contributing to the unfavorable development. Thank you.
John Rex: Yes, Lisa. So definitely kind of seeing seniors obtaining RSV vaccinations and some of the respiratory activity that was going on in the quarter. So broadly similar features. For Optum Health, one of the comments that we've made throughout the year, though, also has to do with the progression here of taking on a large block of new membership. So we took on about 900,000 new members as we started the year. And one of the comments we've made throughout the year is engaging with these members, because the most important thing we need to do is have the clinical engagement with these members in terms of start improving their health outcomes, getting them and to see physicians, having our clinicians interacting -- having -- interacting with them. And it's a comment we've made throughout the years, we've seen the Optum Health margin progression, so one of the great things. We probably started the year at kind of roughly at 20% engagement level with that 900,000-member block. We exit the year having engaged with about 80% of these members. Super important factor as we think about Optum Health, as we think about 2024 and how -- and that progression. And that's been a big focus of the team at Optum Health all year long of getting that engagement in. So we can have impact on their health. But far and away, especially given what this population is like, they typically have complex needs, that's important. Another really important market as it relates to the new membership patients that we're bringing into Optum Health for 2024 again. So I talked about that 20% engagement level we started '23 with. For 2024, we're going to start at a 50% engagement level with that new membership. So we're making advances in that and that's exactly what you should expect from the team. Their efforts have been really strong.
John Rex: Yes, and Lisa, tying up just on the last part of your question here regarding visibility into care activity claims like, no -- we don't -- that's not a factor. Just given the model of Amar's business and how those groups run, we -- frankly, it's one of the areas where we get probably early sensing mechanisms in terms of the care activity that's going on, is one of the early sensing mechanisms from much earlier in the year when we were able to talk about what we were seeing in these senior populations and the care activity within these orthopedic and other procedures. So that's not a factor. In fact, if anything, it's probably a strength of the organization.
John Rex: Sure. Good morning, Kevin. So yes, so the elements that contributed to the unfavorable development being around respiratory activity that was going on as the seniors came in to get vaccines, another care was being delivered and such. And that higher inpatient cost per case for the COVID admits that we're seeing. So those would largely be the prime contributors of the elements that we are seeing here in terms of that unfavourability. So you're absolutely correct in your assumption. That doesn't impact our run-in assumption as we think about our outlook for 2024, and which -- so keeps us right squarely in where we thought we'd be as we were at our investor conference, is taking out the 84% plus/minus 50 basis points. Really as we look across the scope of our businesses and we think reflect on how we performed in ’20 and in ‘23, the scope of it being very much with what we saw back in mid-year of 2023, that this is -- that the running factors are about outpatient care activity among senior populations, which we incorporated into our bids. The elements that you're appropriately referring to in 4Q, again, not factors impacting our view at all in terms of how we staked out ‘24 and how we expect to perform in ‘24. Really good question.
John Rex: Yes, Scott. Good morning. So as Amar said, feel very good about where we established our margin objectives for 2024. The element super important here is, again, how these new patient cohorts progress as they come into our business, and we're able to engage with them clinically and improve their health outcomes, make sure we're able to close care gaps. And the progress that Amar and teams accomplished during 2023 in terms of getting those engagement levels will assist a lot in terms of the health of the people that we're serving here, and then particularly, this cohort from 2023 to 900,000 new patients that we're able to serve and how that business performs over the course of the year. So that's a big step into it. Another big step into it is this group of 750,000 new patients that came on to the business. The fact that we were able to. Yet engagement level is significantly higher than we were at last year, where the new cohort will help also. So it gives us a lot of confidence in where we're stepping out in terms of serving these people throughout the course of the coming year. In terms of your comment, you'd expect them typical than seasonality factors to weigh in how the quarters performed. So much more think about that as seasonality factors, so they're probably having impact here. So typical in terms of seasonal factors that we would have experienced this year, starting with a stronger base that sets us up well to reach our targets.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, John, and thank you, Dirk. Heading into 2024, I hope you all sense our confidence. We have talented people who are committed to our efforts, to help build a simpler and more consumer-friendly health system for the people we serve. And we are well-positioned to continue to deliver on the well-established commitments we've made. Operator, let's open it up for questions.
Andrew Witty: Hey Justin, thanks so much for the question. Let me just make a couple of comments, and I'm going to ask John Rex to give you a little bit more detail on the area you just talked about. So, you know, I think overall, as we look at '23, overall, it came in very much in the sort of zone we expected toward the top end of that zone, but very much within the zone of what we were expecting for the full-year and we signaled back in the middle of the year. And the bulk of that story is driven by the outpatient shift in behavior around seniors that we talked about back in June. You're right, though, post the investor conference, what we certainly saw was a click up in some seasonal activity, each of which individually are kind of pretty small. But added together just made a bit of a difference in that last run out of the quarter, around things like RSV vaccination, which has brought with it -- dragged with it, if you will, some extra utilization of services from seniors who've come in for their vaccine. Listen, to be clear, all of that is good news for healthcare, right? So these are seniors, many of whom had not been to the office for a long time. They've come back in and now got vaccinated. The physicians have picked up other things while they've been there. So a little bit of that going on combined with a little bit of heightened COVID activity just as we rolled out of the year. None of which we really think is durably impacting our outlook for ‘24. So we feel very solid around our ‘24 guidance point of 84, plus or minus 50 bps. Maybe, I ask John just to give you a little bit more click down kind of insight into all about them. Go ahead, John.
Andrew Witty: Yes. John, thank you. And Justin, thanks for the question. Appreciate that. Next question, please operator.
Andrew Witty: Hey, Josh, thank you so much. Before I ask Tim Noel to give you more detail on your question, I mean, listen, I think the way we've looked at the shift in the rate notice is, it is a three-year set of adjustments, and that's why we've been very thoughtful about how we've planned, not just, frankly benefit design, but how we continue to accelerate our management of OpEx through the organization, how we continue to focus on eliminating unnecessary care and waste within the system through our various medical management capabilities. So it's really a three-pronged set of agendas, which we're going to be focused on over the next three years. And we've been very thoughtful about making sure that we are setting those tables in a way which we can be sustainable on through this cycle, so that we're not taking sharp left turns or right turns halfway through the period. With that kind of overall perspective, maybe I ask Tim to give you a little bit more deep dive on the competitive environment and how he is very specifically planning for this.
Andrew Witty: It's a good question, A.J. And as John just said, even back in the sort of second-half of Q3, we saw -- we've seen subsequently that this RSV pickup and this phenomena of more services being delivered around the vaccination was already starting as we were rolling out through Q3, which is really what explains that. So in many ways, this kind of Q3 issue, kind of, Q3 issue of negative development and then this slight pressure at the end of the year, it's kind of the same story, and which is why we don't feel it has any real direct relevance in terms of thinking through 2024. Thanks for the question, though. I appreciate that. Next question, please operator.
Andrew Witty: So let me ask John to start and then maybe ask Heather to make a couple of comments on the claim dynamic. Go ahead, John.
Andrew Witty: Great. Thanks, John. Maybe, Heather, you could comment on Lisa's question around claims, and then I'd like to ask Amar also to follow up on your perspective on engagement and what's driving that. Please go ahead, Heather.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Thanks, John. And Lisa, thanks so much for the question. And we obviously just spent a couple of minutes there talking about engagement, and I hope that gave you a strong sense of some of the progress we've made over the last 12 months in this area. I would say we're night and day in a different position today than we were a year ago in terms of our ability to be engaged with these complex patients making sure our physicians are ready to go, that's a really important aspect of what's building our confidence for 2024. And make no apology for just spending a couple more minutes, making sure you hear some of the great work that's gone on over the last year to ensure that we've got these very high levels of engagement and real substance behind that engagement. So that these patients will be supported and managed really positively going through '24. That's what then underpins and unlocks the whole opportunity of value based care for Optum Health. Lisa, thank you for your question. And I'll move on to the next question.
Andrew Witty: So I'll ask John to go a little deeper. Obviously, as you know, Kevin, we've set an MLR target next year, which is in fact higher than the actual closeout for this year in any case, which takes into consideration some of that kind of elevation, which we've seen throughout the year. So I'm going to call it the core elevation associated with the outpatient senior behaviors that we've been talking about now for several quarters. And then as we've talked a little bit already, this end of Q4 type of a small seasonality variation, we don't think is really durable or relevant to the rest of the year. But John, maybe go a little deeper on that.
Andrew Witty: Yes. And I'd also just add, I mean, as you would fully expect, Kevin, we're reviewing the leading indicators of care activity, frankly, daily, weekly, monthly and have been all year. And we've also been investing significantly in increasing numbers of early warning signals, if I can put it that way, to strengthen our radar capability to see this. And I can tell you, we're really not seeing any deviation from what we've been telling you all year in terms of the core activities across the system. The seasonal bumps at the end of the year, obviously, a little different. But in terms of outpatient utilization, all of those lines of activity that we've been discussing at different times with you, the patterns there, very supportive of how we've stepped out for '24. Thanks for the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Scott, thanks so much for the question. I'm going to ask Dr. Desai to make a couple of comments, and then I'm going to talk about where we've staked out for Optum Health next year. A ton of work done during 2023 to strengthen the business. You saw that beginning to show through as we roll through the second-half. We continue to expect that to be a very strong driver of improvement as we go into 2024. A lot of that work we talked about already today around engagement is a key element of our confidence in being able to build our profile of that business. And Amar, maybe you could go a little deeper, and then John can close out with discussing on the progression.
Andrew Witty: Erin, thanks so much for the question. Let me ask Heather to give you some comments there. As you know, Heather's been very, very involved with the various legislative processes, and it'd good to get her perspective on that.
Andrew Witty: Yes. No, it's well said, Brian. And I think, obviously, Gary, we -- what you seen on behalf of patients, on behalf of government to make sure that we're getting the very best cost associated for the care delivered. And it's important that, that negotiation is robust. And the good news is that the overwhelming majority get resolved. We really don't like to see disruption happen. Unfortunately, occasionally, it does. But rest assured, we're making good progress in this area. As Brian said, no real kind of difference in outcome to what we've seen in previous years. With all of that, let me say thank you for all of your questions. Very much appreciated. And as you've heard, we're confident in our mission, focused on our growth pillars, delivering innovation that matters and disciplined in our operations and in our approach to the market. And we look forward to delivering on our commitments in 2024 to our customers, patients and shareholders. Very much appreciate your attention this morning. Thank you, and look forward to talking with you between calls. Thank you very much.
