Andrew Witty: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Over the course of the past year, the extraordinary and dedicated people of Optum and UnitedHealthcare delivered strong, well-balanced growth, progress in developing our consumer-orientated capabilities and strengthened the many ways in which we deliver value-based care in multiple settings. Each of the five growth pillars we discussed with you at our November investor conference are powerful sources of opportunities on their own within large and expanding addressable markets. Yet what really unlocks the potential value we can provide to those we serve is the connectivity of capabilities across our enterprise. For example, this year, we expect 4 million people will participate in fully accountable value-based care provided by Optum Health, almost 1.8 million more than we served as we entered 2022. We're achieving this by connecting benefits, care and other services to support our patients. Many of these patients will have a Medicare Advantage plan offered by UnitedHealthcare, or one of the many other payers who are accessing Optum's expertise and capabilities in delivering this kind of comprehensive care. We will serve these patients in clinic settings, in their homes, integrating behavioral care, supported by our data-driven clinical incidents and next best actions, and all coordinated to provide the right care when and where they need it. Pharmacy is another area in which we are more deeply connecting consumers with our services. We engage 1 million people every day, finding the lowest cost options, managing their specialty drugs, offering vital in-person clinical advice at our community pharmacies, providing complex medication treatments right in their homes, or simplifying access through digital solutions in order to make the process uneventful for them. We believe this connectivity is a path to better outcomes for people and lower costs. It's also driving growth. By the end of 2023, we expect to have more than 750 community pharmacies, nearly 200 more than we had at the beginning of 2020. We continue to see the impact these services have at a very local and personal level, helping providers deliver more complete care and better outcomes, including medication adherence rates, which are about 90% compared to the 50% U.S. average. Our pharmacists are able to take the time to get to know their patients' treatment plans and support their medication management, collaborating with other care providers. We're guided in pharmacy by the principle of getting to the lowest cost for patients and clients. A good example, as more biosimilars come to market, we're positioned to offer patients their care providers and payers significantly more choices in how to secure the best prices for the therapies they need. In addition to biosimilars, we're driving affordability and prescription benefits by combining formulary and cash market pricing to ensure consumers will always get the best economics. Our life-saving drugs program has made very significant progress since our announcements last year. This program offers zero dollar out-of-pocket cost to consumers for drugs such as insulin and epinephrine. Our goal has been to make this available throughout the U.S. And as of today, we've been approved in 48 states for our fully insured business. Moreover, 1/4 of our self-funded employers have now chosen to add this offering for their employees, and we expect that number to rise. Getting to this point in such a short period of time was only possible through the work not just of our teams, but of state officials and others in the broader healthcare community and we're grateful for their support.  Looking to the year ahead, let me focus you on a couple of themes you can expect to hear from us. One is continued scaling of our commitment to American consumers. You should and will have -- who should and will have an increasing influence over their care experience. Through our core innovations, product design, enhanced digital offerings and partnerships such as RVO Health and Walmart, you will see us driving this more broadly across the enterprise, becoming closer to the consumer, helping simplify their experiences and empowering their decision-making with greater transparency, speed, convenience and support. You will also hear how we are amplifying our technology capabilities.  2023 will see the emergence of an enhanced OptumInsight, bringing to life the opportunities that the legacy organizations from Optum and change creates, an acceleration of how technology can be used to healthcare providers and ultimately patients within the overall health system.  We start this year well prepared to deliver upon the objectives we shared with you in late November, and with a deep sense of responsibility to do so on behalf of the people we are privileged to serve. With that, I'll turn it over to President and Chief Operating Officer, Dirk McMahon.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, John. As we head into 2023, we're determined to build upon the momentum we've just described this morning, further advancing our mission and delivering sustainable earnings growth of 13% to 16% over the long term. And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
Andrew Witty: Tim, thanks so much. And Lisa, thanks for the question. I mean I think as you just, again, just maybe step up a little bit in the broader position, obviously the whole MA program is unbelievably successful and popular program for seniors across the U.S. And of course, the biggest proof of that is the number of folks who every single year volunteer to sign up to be part of this program. And we're seeing another record year of enrollment coming through as we speak. It's super important that any changes, whether it's in this particular circumstance or any other circumstance, it's super important that folks are thoughtful about collateral consequences, making sure that what is really impressive program in terms of quality of care, reassurance provided to seniors, ability to deliver good value for the senior, good value for society, making sure that any changes are made thoughtfully and holistically is what we would be hoping to see. And obviously, we look forward to working with the administration when and if any further updates come forth.  With that, Lisa, thanks so much for the question. And let’s go to next question, operator.
Andrew Witty: Josh, listen, thanks so much for the question. It's a really -- that's a big question. Let me just give a few thoughts toward that. So one of the key capabilities you need to be in value-based care at scale is patients. Patients because it takes three or five years of getting to know medical practices before they become part of our network and as we go through our expansion. Patient then in terms of how you go through the process of building the capabilities and skills within the clinical practices to move from fee-for-service to value-based care. And of course, that patient size is reflected in how long it takes to go through this from an economic and financial perspective. And that's why as we see this rapid development now, it's kind of -- OptumCare, value-based care is kind of an overnight success that took 15 years to build. And that's -- it's really a truth. And we're seeing that scale now come to life and all credit to the teams who are doing that. In terms of what helps here, I think it's really building a muscle within your organization to continuously test, learn, correct, test, learn, correct in terms of how we work. This is a very -- so very -- it's a somewhat delicate system because what you're dealing with, obviously, highly professional clinical decision makers on the front line who are absolutely, ultimately responsible for every decision they make in front of every patient. But you're also trying to make sure they have the right information to be able to learn from the whole system, the information we know about those folks and what's likely to happen, what could happen, what might be the best practice. And how can we get the whole of the system to operate at a higher level. Those sorts of pieces of progress, those areas where we relentlessly invested, give us opportunities to improve the clinical care. If we can improve the clinical care, the economics follow. So within this whole model, getting the clinical care right, getting people in the right facilities, making sure people don't spend too long in care facilities when it's unnecessary, making sure that illness is delayed, deferred because they're treated well that prevention is the priority, that's what drives all of the economics. What we're seeing, Josh, is that over the last three or four years, we are indeed being able to bring our more recent cohorts to a better economic position more quickly. That's allowing us then to continue to invest more aggressively in bringing new patients into the system. And that -- it's really that mechanism, which you're seeing come to life at the moment. Hopefully, that helps a little bit. And next question please.
Andrew Witty: Thanks so much, Scott. Before I ask John Rex to make a couple of comments on this, I'll maybe just make a few introductory notions. I wouldn't go into a ton of detail about where we're looking, but I would continue to say we fully anticipate continuing to deploy our capital effectively into the marketplace. You know that a hallmark of this company has been its ability to effectively and efficiently utilizes capital to supplement its organic growth, and that's been a big part of the success of the organization. We'll continue to do that. We have a substantial number of transactions in process as we speak. As you well know, we're obviously in the process now of bringing to life the Change OptumInsight integration, which is super important for us. As we look forward, it's a very interesting marketplace. I mean I would say that John will probably confirm this, I think what we see the pipeline of opportunities we see is probably bigger, deeper, more diverse than we've ever seen. That's been a trend that kind of picked up probably early last year, certainly continued. We'd expect to see this year to be a pretty interesting year for us. And it's -- you know our five growth pillars. You wouldn't be at all surprised to expect us to obviously align our M&A capital investment around our growth pillars. Beyond that, I'm not sure it would be necessarily wise for us to go too much more detail. But certainly, John, I'd love you to give a bit more perspective on how you're seeing the landscape and the environment.
Andrew Witty: Stephen, thanks so much for the question. So first off, let me just reiterate how important we see the development of the home model, the home care platform, and we've seen that grow very substantially over the last couple of years in particular. Super important though, to recognize that it kind of -- so of course, sometimes folks can be essentially managed within just the home environment or the home care platform, and that certainly happens sometimes. But of course, what always happens, what very often happens is the clinic environment, the home environment are connected together, which is really what we're building here. So it's not super instructive, I think, to think about folks who are just kind of clinic nominated or home nominated. That can happen. But not really, I think, necessarily the right way to look at it. I wouldn't look at it that way. I'd see -- I really think about it the way we've built the home capabilities as a substantial extension of what we're able to do in the clinical space. And it speaks to the reality of care. People -- a lot -- not everything happens in the 20 minutes you're in the clinic, right? A ton of things happen when you're at home, and making sure that we've got care capabilities there, especially for folks who find it difficult to get out of the home or for whatever reason, find it difficult to engage with the system. That's a super important part of the environment. What I'd say is that, that is resonating super strongly, not just with UnitedHealthcare, but with other payers as well. And there's no doubt that this side of the agenda has caught the imagination of other payers, and we're delighted to see the continued extension of the multi-payer dynamic of OptumHealth and Optum more generally. And this is one of the drivers of that. In fact, during Q4, our external growth rate -- revenue growth rate was analogous to our internal growth, or i.e. Optum was growing just as quickly with non-UHC payers as it was with UHC. And that's a super important signal for the strength of the company. So important area, you'll continue to hear more about home as we go forward. But I would look at it more as a strengthening as a whole rather than a kind of separate stream in which we would be thinking about it that way.  Hopefully, that helps a little bit, Stephen. And let’s go to the next question.
Andrew Witty: Kevin, thanks so much. I'm going to ask Tim Spilker, who looks after our Medicaid business to talk to that. And maybe Tim, as you do that, you could also maybe just allude a little bit on the degree of visibility you have for your book of business as you roll into 2023. That might also be helpful.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, Heather. And George, thank you for the question. Listen, we come to the end of the call, I hope very much you leave the call with a sense of our optimism and focus on continued growth for the year ahead. We remain intent on expanding our ability to help improve healthcare at the system and individual levels and executing with excellence for all those we serve. We look forward to sharing our progress on this journey with you again in April. And in the meantime, thank you so much for your attention this morning. We appreciate it.
John Rex: Thank you, Dirk. The investments and innovations Andrew and Dirk described and that we shared with you in November, speak to a company that has tremendous growth potential as we head into '23 and well beyond. The opportunities to serve people more deeply are tangible and accelerating, building upon a foundation of strong growth in recent years, including our 2022 performance. Revenue in '22 of $324 billion grew by more than $36 billion or 13% over the prior year, with well-balanced double-digit growth at both Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $5.34 grew 19% and brought full year adjusted earnings per share to $22.19, growth of 17%. Our capital capacities remain strong. Cash flow from operations in '22 was $26.2 billion or 1.3x net income. We returned $13 billion to shareholders through share repurchase and dividends, and deployed over $20 billion in growth capital to expand our capabilities for years to come. Turning to the performance of our businesses. OptumHealth's revenues grew by 32% in '22 to $71 billion as we expanded the number of patients served under value-based care arrangements by about 1 million. Revenue per consumer grew by 29%, driven by the increase in value-based care patients and in the levels of care we are able to offer. Consistent with our comments in November, OptumHealth is off to a strong start in '23 and will organically grow to serve an additional 750,000 value-based patients this year. OptumInsights revenues grew 20% to $14.6 billion in '22. We concluded the year with a revenue backlog of $30 billion, an increase of $7.6 billion over last year. As Dirk noted, we are advancing our investments to more rapidly unlock the positive impact OptumInsight can have for care providers and patients. We expect to make a significant portion of these important investments in the first half of the year. Optum Rx revenues grew 9%, approaching $100 billion for the year, driven by continued strong sales and the expansion of our pharmacy services businesses. Both customer retention and new customer wins were among the highest Optum Rx has ever delivered, laying a strong foundation for continued market-leading growth. At UnitedHealthcare, full year revenues of nearly $250 billion grew 12%. Our strong 2023 Medicare Advantage member outlook is consistent with the objectives we shared with you in November. We expect to serve up to 900,000 more people in '23 across our individual, group and dual special needs offerings, our 8th consecutive year of above-market growth. This consistent performance underscores the product innovation, benefit stability and high-value seniors have come to rely on from us. Our Medicaid growth outlook for '23 incorporates an expectation that states will resume eligibility redeterminations early in the second quarter. Our objective is to ensure that people will have continuous access to benefits. And when all redetermination activities are eventually completed, we expect to serve even more people than we do today across our state-based commercial and exchange-based offerings. Within our commercial offerings, we expect to serve about 1 million additional people in 2023.  Our new and innovative products continue to gain momentum with employers and their employees, which will lead to increasing growth in this market over the next several years.  In sum, while this year is just getting started, the early performance we are seeing across our businesses further validates our confidence in the 2023 growth and performance objectives we shared with you just six weeks ago. Now I'll turn it back to Andrew.
John Rex: Gary, good morning. I will go back in order here. So just in terms of -- it’d be very similar with Brian Thompson's commentary in terms of what we were seeing in the quarter and I think forward. So those -- that incidence was modestly elevated in the 4Q, but I'd call it modestly elevated, but very much in line with what we would have expected -- and when we were in front of you back at the end of November in terms of flu and respiratory. Let's put those two together in terms of just combining that whole view. So elevated, when you take it into materiality in terms of the $50 billion of medical costs in the quarter, I wouldn't call it immensely material, though, in that element, but very consistent. In terms of investment income, probably wouldn't be very similar to what we reported 4Q a year ago in terms of the absolute level of investment income in there. I wouldn't -- just kind of like last year, probably wouldn't use that as my run rate stepping out into next year though. So we're still comfortable with how we established and guided for 2023 from that perspective also. So very consistent with that 4Q of last year, too.
John Rex: Absolutely. Scott, yes, so I'd start with just echoing what Andrew mentioned there, the way we approach this very much aligned with our five growth pillars and how we evaluate, how we look for opportunities, I should say, and where we think we should be pursuing investments and relationships. I'd point out that these are certainly very long-lived in terms of the investments that we make, in terms of relational investments we make, in terms of understanding markets, particularly as we've heard us talk about before within the care delivery businesses and such as value-based care that these are. Most of the markets that we want to address are aren't established the way that we would like them to be established, so it's very greenfield in terms of our approach to M&A as we look at marketplaces and bringing together the capabilities that we would pursue. The environment itself that echo what Andrew previewed there, certainly a strong environment in terms of opportunity sets that we are seeing in the broad marketplace, in terms of the types of capabilities that are there, how they might fit within this enterprise and the potential. I think you would expect us to see like where we've been focused. Certainly, over the last number of years, you've seen us do a lot of development as it relates to components of value-based care. And you know we define that very broadly now in terms of how we think about capabilities within value-based care to bring in new capabilities also and across all the other elements. But I’d overall characterize the environment as strong and the opportunities as among some of the most interesting, I think, that we have seen as a company.
