Stephen J. Hemsley: Okay, Justin, we'll respond to your 2-part question. I will offer some perspective that we are trying to participate thoughtfully in exchanges and have not -- don't have -- have not built excessive expectations on that. I think Jeff will talk to exchanges and then maybe to New York.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, we expect to grow earnings across the board for 2015. Actually, we think all of our businesses are really better positioned than they were as we entered into '14. And really, the underpinnings of our '15 outlook, obviously, they -- different contributions, but we're expecting growth completely across all our businesses.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, Peter, similar in approach. We tend to view our costs as we enter the year. We tend to endeavor to outperform them. We continue to be -- to see medical cost trends and inflation going forward, and we position ourselves to price accordingly. All of that is completely consistent with the way we have approached the business for the last several years, no different, and we don't plan on changing that in '15.
Stephen J. Hemsley: And we have long said that the margin ranges for those businesses are in a 3% to 5% zone, and that's kind of how they're playing out.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Well, my reaction to that question is I would stand back and look at the totality of the business. If you take a look at the spectrum of UnitedHealth Group, and that's who we are speaking to, you have the continued performance of the Optum business. We have a very strong Medicaid business in terms of its growth. We have an international business that we think will make a meaningful contribution going into next year. We have been historically very strong in our operating cost disciplines and have structured those programs for across the expanse of our businesses. I think we have nice momentum coming in our Medicare business and our commercial business. So I wouldn't lay it out to one factor or try to basically triangulate on a ratio that, really, when you have a business as diversified and as expansive as this one. So that's why I think that that's perhaps the perspective you should look at as into '15.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, we don't actually ever get into those kinds -- that level of granular statistics, but I think we can give you some commentary to give you some sense.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, we are basically coming around the bend on a full year in terms of the changes in Brazil, and I think that they are -- we see some pretty positive sense in terms of that marketplace. And I'll have Dave comment on that and the others.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Yes, I'll just comment that, perhaps, the highest levels certainly with the healthcare reform efforts that have been going forward, I could easily see this marketplace being fairly occupied in making sure that this is -- everybody in this space that they are prepared to and responding to the changing regulatory landscape and to make sure that they're pursuing the opportunities and managing the challenges that those regulatory changes brought forward. And I think that it continues to go forward. I think it's been a very successful first year across the industry in terms of how that has been responded to.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Well, I think my view is that this year was, by far, the most amount of changes, but they're going to have to be digested in the marketplace over the next 2 to 3 years. But I would not necessarily suggest then that there'll be a time when there will be market activities around M&A -- begin to pick up and so forth. I'm not sure I would necessarily -- when we take a look at the expanse of our business, we are well diversified across our benefits business, continue to be interested in growing that and making sure it continues to innovate and drive value from an organic point of view and to be in a position that where we see opportunities to expand that business that makes sense, that lie into our strategic path, that bring capabilities, that bring market positions or scale. That we will -- we would have an interest, and I would imagine others will as well. We have opportunities to also allocate capital to services and to international markets, and we will have to assess those as well. So I don't think it's -- my sense is that it requires a little bit more thoughtful reflection than just when will the reform run its course or not. And I think that I'm impressed that across the space, the businesses have been mature in terms of how they responded, and I think everybody is focused at the opportunities at hand.
Stephen J. Hemsley: No, no. We like where we are, or we would have played this just exactly as we have. We think the second vintage will be better. The third vintage will be better after that. This market will form. It will be different market by market. It will take time for it to evolve. It will eventually evolve into about the profit margin range that we have been discussing. We're not going to comment on CBO. We have no idea from that point of view whose projections are correct. So far, all we can say is everybody's projections have been wrong. And so we will just play this and participate as we see this market evolve, which has been completely consistent with our perspective on this, and we do anticipate too that we will participate in this a way that is sustainable from a growth and profitability point of view, but we don't have that kind of mature margin assumption in your first couple years of participation, and we really don't have a lot of this into our 15-year outlook, but this is really just our introduction. We expect to participate. We expect to grow, but we're not expecting tremendous profit out of that first year participation. So I think that's ought to be the way you think about it.
Stephen J. Hemsley: And the states see value in that. These are complex programs. They're invested in them, and Medicaid programs are continuing to establish themselves very well.
Stephen J. Hemsley: I'd say just the expanse, the diversification of our benefits offerings suggest that even if there are shifts in the marketplace, we're really well positioned to accommodate those shifts and I think pretty agile in that context.
Stephen J. Hemsley: Thank you. So I think we will close, and as we close today, I'd like to remind you that 2014 performance across both Optum and UnitedHealthcare remains strong through the first 9 months of the year, and we expect to continue that consistent performance through the rest of 2014 and to remain in line with or ahead of our outlook that we shared with you today. And in 2015 and beyond, we expect our overall business performance will further strengthen and accelerate both top line and bottom line. And we look forward to sharing more detail with you around 2015 performance at the Investor Conference on December 2 in New York. So thank you for your attention today. Thank you.
Jeff Alter: Sure. Good morning, Justin. It's Jeff Alter. So on your first question or your first part of your single question on public exchanges, I would say it's keeping with our strategy that we waited to see what was going on in '14 and then are using that knowledge. It built a different platform for exchanges. So when you think about where our products are positioned, many of those products come with a network construct that's probably nontraditional to what you might expect from UnitedHealthcare. We feel good about where we're positioned. We are targeting profitability in '15, probably a little bit lower than that 3% to 5% long-term range that we've talked about but still profitable. And from what we know today, we feel pretty good about where we're positioned in many of the exchanges, particularly the largest states where we expect to grow the most. New York, I would say, nothing's changed too much in New York from the competitive environment that we -- we're in the middle of this year. The rate actions -- the rate approval actions by the regulator pretty much give us, for the most part, the same competitive marketplace in New York for 2015 that we have today. We're fortunate to have a broad portfolio of fully insured business across the country, and we're managing through some of those regulator responses right now.
Jeff Alter: Morning, Peter. We've had a very successful long-term pricing discipline, so nothing's changed in our philosophy. We continue, as Dan mentioned, to be very mindful of cost trend. It's the #1 driver of our premium, and we've got a lot of programs in place to outperform those medical forecasts. That's a big underlier, and there's a lot of other things that make up the price: provider network, product attributes, business mix. But we're not changing our discipline. It's been very successful for us, and we expect it to continue to be very successful for us into the future.
Jeff Alter: Kevin, it's Jeff Alter. Yes, so we're not exclusive of all of these Rs, so we would not rely on corridors. We will, obviously, rely on the reinsurance and the risk adjustment. Risk adjustment is a big part of it. So while we will get into that 3%, probably closer to the 5% as the market matures, we also recognize that it's still a market in development, and our competitors that are already in the marketplace, we need to be able to come in at a price point that attracts a little bit of growth but still profitability, and then build into that marketplace. So this is a long-term build for us but -- so just clarifying, we will not rely on corridors, but the other Rs are important parts of that business, and risk adjustment will always be an important part of that.
Daniel Schumacher: Good morning, Peter. Thank you for the question. On the medical cost side, I'd tell you, in the quarter, we were very pleased with our performance in the quarter both in aggregate as well as across each of our businesses. And frankly, it was a little bit better than we expected, and you can see that in the care ratio. You can see it in a little stronger prior-period development relative to the last couple of quarters. Each year, we set a trend expectation, respectful, mindful of underlying medical costs, and then we endeavor to outperform it, and we have strong medical cost management disciplines that we apply, and you're seeing us outperform that this year. As you look at our full year commercial cost trend for 2014, we expect to perform at the low end of our range of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points, possibly a little bit better. As you look into next year on the cost side, we expect similar themes, and we'll go through the specifics of that with you at the Investor Conference, but certainly, a major component of that will be unit cost, as it is every year. It represents anywhere from 2/3 to 3/4 of the underlying cost trend, and that's something that is founded on negotiations that are happening each day every day. So we've got very good line of sight on that. With respect to pricing, I'd ask Jeff Alter to comment on that.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Ralph, this is Dan Schumacher. On utilization, specifically, as we've mentioned, we continue to see very stable trends across our businesses, which is to say that we see the same comparable increases in 2014 as compared to 2013. As you look at the componentry underneath it, obviously, pharmacy is higher in the hep C category, and that's being offset -- more than offset by better performance in inpatient, in particular, followed by physician and outpatient. Our medical cost management plays a very significant role in this. As I've said earlier, we do set expectations and then endeavor to outperform them, and we're doing that this year. I think some of the other things that are probably contributing to the performance in utilization is certainly some greater consumer responsibility and higher concentrations of value-based reimbursement, and again, those are things that are a significant focus of our enterprise. So overall, very stable utilization pattern. I think, perhaps, people ask how do we know, and looking at external data and so forth, and I'll tell you, as Steve said in the prepared remarks, you look at -- we have 41,000 people in any given day in a facility, and we have 2,000 people, they wake up every morning, and they look at who's going to be admitted, who has been admitted, how long they've been there, what they're being treated for, and most importantly, working with them, their family and their caregivers on appropriate discharge plan so that they can be successful when they leave. And all of that is enabled by near realtime technology, and we're going to have an opportunity to show that to you at the Investor Conference. So that's what we're seeing on the utilization front.
Daniel Schumacher: Sure, Carl, this is Dan Schumacher. One of the primary elements of the increase year-over-year is reform related. We talked about that at the investor conference last December, that as people moved into richer plans complied with community rating and so forth that was one of the elements that -- principal elements that drove the increase.
Austin Pittman: Yes, thanks for the question. Well, first of all, we're very pleased with the growth. We are honored to have the opportunity to work with this new population, help them guide through the healthcare system. We expected higher utilization in the expansion population. In almost every case, we got paid for that higher expectation of cost, and that's what we've seen. So we expect long term for the population to perform in that 3% to 5% margin and are very confident about the continued growth.
Austin Pittman: Sure, thanks for the question. I guess, first of all, I'd comment that we had great progress, as you know, in getting arrangements and agreements in place with our states on the recovery of this fee. There is one instance, as you mentioned, that we don't have written agreement yet. We do expect to be paid. We expect all of these to come in before the end of the year. We haven't recorded revenue in that one instance, but we feel very good overall.
Austin Pittman: This is Austin. Thanks for the question. We do have an agreement in place with Delaware. We look forward to continuing to serve the people of Delaware and stay focused on being ready to do that. I won't speculate on -- at this early date on where that membership will play out, but overall, we continue to feel confident in our relationships with our states, our ability and proven track record in working with states to really serve those populations and deliver that long-term sustainability in that 3% to 5% margin.
Austin Pittman: Yes, I think the great growth that we've seen this year and our ability to work year-over-year with states is a reflection of the trust they've put in us to serve their populations.
Larry C. Renfro: Sure. Sarah, it's Larry Renfro. Let me break it into 3 areas, and I think it'll -- we'll get -- as John has said many times, we'll get more into detail about this at the Investor Conference, but this might help you get ready for the Investor Conference. Obviously, last year, at the previous Investor Conference and into this year, we've been talking about investing in the future, especially in OptumHealth and in OptumInsight. We had that all planned, and we've absorbed, obviously, the impact, and all of our financials are in line as we continue to finish off the investment or the development in these new programs. I think in the third quarter, you saw that OptumHealth went to a 14% top line growth and 16% bottom line growth year-over-year. You also saw that the OptumInsight went 4% up on the top line and 6% up on the bottom line. So what you're starting to see is what we said would happen during the year that our investments are starting to tail off, and as a result, really, our outcomes are starting to kick in. So we believe that, that will create a strong fourth quarter as Steve referenced in his remarks. The second part of this answer is that we are obviously going after 10 large accounts that we have identified that we would do by 2016. We have probably as many sales metrics as we do financial metrics in Optum, so we are in line with all those sales metrics as we go forward. I'd say, too, that you might want to look at that would really tell you something would be our backlog. That backlog is at $7.7 billion, up 20 -- 21% year-over-year, and our sales pipeline, that's up 166% year-over-year. So that's the second part of the answer. The third part on the growth would be the 5 areas of focus that we're really concentrating on now, and this would be in the future as well. That's medical groups, Optum360, the PBM, international and the government business. So I think that if you kind of go back to the question you asked, I think we're pretty well positioned for growth, and we're pretty much hitting on all these programs.
Larry C. Renfro: So OptumRx had a great quarter. And I think if you go back to this, what we were talking about a few minutes ago in terms of investing in the future, that's what we did a couple of years ago when we built a platform and started the process of moving the business in health. That's been a great move on our part. What I would say is what the margin really does is validate the guidance that we've been giving, that 3% to 4%, and I think we'll expand upon that more at Investor Day.
Larry C. Renfro: MLR guidance, again, I think we'd reiterate comments from last quarter, which is to say we'd expect to be near the higher end of the range on both the consolidated and the commercial ratios, albeit a little bit better than what we were thinking leaving the second quarter.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: A couple quick questions on the individual exchange business. I want to clarify something first. You said that you expect it to be slightly below kind of the longer-term margin in that business of 3% to 5%. But I think in the past, you've talked about pricing that business to profitability kind of excluding the 3 Rs, not relying on them to make a profit. And I would think that if you are pricing that way, then with the 3 Rs, you would be at least at the -- that average number. So I just want to clarify that before a follow-up on the exchanges.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: Okay. So is this a clarification then or is this something that now that you've seen the pricing and everything else that it's a little bit different? Or -- I just wasn't sure.
Kevin M. Fischbeck: Okay, because that was going to be my real question, was just how do you think the [indiscernible] market is going to evolve in 2015? I mean, do you think the CBO target of $13 million makes sense? And then how do you think about your positioning as, I guess, a strong second mover versus the incumbents? I mean, in retrospect, if you had known that membership would be 7.3 million, would you have been more aggressive in year 1? Or I guess just any thoughts there.
