John Rex: Thank you, Andrew. Our first half positions us to perform well for the rest of the year. In the quarter, revenues grew 8% to $60.6 billion and net earnings from operations grew 13% to $4.7 billion. All of the business segments contributed strongly to these well balanced results. With previously discussed business transitions now effective as of mid-year, we're updating our full year revenue outlook. With these incorporated, we expect 2019 revenue to be at or just slightly below the original $243 billion to $245 billion range. This reflects the transition of a large OptumRx client due to a business combination and are voluntary withdrawal from a state Medicaid program, partially offset by the DMG combination. Cash flows from operations were $5.9 billion in the quarter and year-to-date are $9.1 billion or 1.3 times net income. For the full year, we continue to expect cash flow from operations of $17.3 billion to $17.8 billion or 1.2 to 1.3 times net income. Medical costs remain well managed with our 2019 medical care ratio tracking well to the range we shared with you back in November of 82.5% plus or minus 50 basis points.  Unit cost remains a core driver of overall trend, and we continue to advance our efforts to optimize both site of service and use of the highest performing clinicians. We continue to expect that 2019 will mark the 11th consecutive year of declining inpatient admissions per 1,000 people.  Our operating costs ratio of 13.9% is impacted by the deferral of the health insurer tax and a strong mix of productivity and operational improvement enterprise wide. And with our focus on affordability, that agenda is never really done. At the same time, we continue to aggressively expand the investments we are making in innovation to drive organic growth and further operational and productivity improvements over the decades to come. In 2019, our effective tax rate is favorably impacted as expected by the deferral of the non-deductible health insurance tax. The second quarter rate was moderately higher than our original outlook. For the full year of 2019, we now expect the tax rate will likely be around 20.5%. That's the upper end of our original range for the year, which is fully incorporated in today's raised earnings outlook and is due impart to lower than expected employee stock-based compensation activity. We continue to maintain balance sheet strength and significant flexibility. Return on equity in the second quarter again exceeded 25%. UnitedHealth Group has a long well developed and proven ability to thoughtfully deploy capital through business combinations that add capabilities and market presence to be leveraged across the enterprise, bringing both synergies and growth and costs. In June, our Board of Directors raised our shareholder dividend by 20% to an annual rate of $4.32 per share. The dividend has advanced at or above 20% each year since initiated about a decade ago, and at about a 30% payout ratio has grown to be more in line with the market level objective we set. Still our long-term earnings growth potential provides ample capacity to continue to advance the dividend at strong rates for years to come. We remain confident as we look forward to the second half of 2019. And now expect adjusted earnings per share of $14.70 to $14.90, an increase of $0.25 from the guidance we established at the end of last year. Within that, as previously discussed, the pacing of weekdays is higher in the third quarter this year, resulting in a relatively consistent level of earnings between the third and fourth quarters.  Delivering on our 2019 commitments and strengthening our business further as we approach 2020 remain critical to us. Even as we pursue ever greater impact for society and advanced growth and returns for our shareholders for years to come. With that, I'll turn it back to Dave. 
John Rex: Sure, Justin, good morning. So a few things, just thinking about first of all on your first point here on impacts on quarterly trends. So underlying trend as they stayed very much in line with our expectations, so no change in that in terms of the trend factors we lay out we've talked about and I would say even really no change in the components within that trend. I would say kind of in terms of other things going on in the quarter within that nothing in the cost line. I mean I would point out that in the revenue line there's probably one item I could speak to that would have impact on that. So there's probably about roughly $100 million maybe a little bit more than $100 million of unfavorable revenue adjustment in the commercial business that was booked in the quarter. So you recall there are risk adjustment factors that apply to commercial business for ACA compliant individual and small group products. And so that goes through over a long period of time, our data submissions have been and continue to be highly accurate on that. However, it's kind of a fixed pool in the end. And so there was a true up as there were auto adjustments on other plans, then what happens is that rolls through you get adjusted because of the fixed pool. So that's one element that would have been rolling through in the quarter. And I'd size that in the tune of a kind of $100 million. So that doesn't show in reserves right that’s the revenue adjustment a negative revenue adjustment. So that's one element I point out. I think, in terms of kind of a combining your last two questions Justin, a little bit here. And so 3Q has that extra week day essentially a Monday, whereas -- and 1Q and that you can kind of see in the sequential progression even 1Q to 2Q, 1Q benefited from there being one less weekday than normal. So that does impact progression, whereas typically you would see 3Q is often than one of our higher earnings quarters and my comments, in my prepared comments I talked about kind of relatively stable EPS in between the two quarters. But you're right and thinking about that within the 3Q you should expect that MCR is impacted most like we got the benefit in the 1Q. Does that get at your questions, Justin. 
John Rex: We think we're tracking well on MLR for the year in that range. So -- and well kind of in that zone so nothing notable on that.
John Rex: I’ll be clear on that. So what I was saying is, in terms of when you look at kind of the impact in the quarter and kind of that go. So what I called out was that we talked about the venture gain, we talked about some other elements that go -- that offset that. So really that drags in, in terms of kind of how we're feeling about our full year and kind of the optimism confidence we have in the full year. Because some of those quarterly elements really wash out.
John Rex: Yes. Hi, Steve. Yes, no change on our OCR outlook for the year. Though as you kind of if you look at the year-over-year. I'm sure you're well aware the primary change in the OCR is driven by the health insurance tax that gets being offset by strong efficiency and productivity gains. And then of course, we continue to make significant ongoing strategic investments in our businesses. So -- but no change from the outlook, we still expect to be in the guidance range of 14.7% plus or minus 30 basis points for the year.
John Rex: So yes, so just -- thanks for your question there. So not meaningful in terms of any kind of impact there. But every year so we're getting a little familiar with things like this that come in and out of the outlook here. So kind of individually discrete factors that may influence the annual growth rate, I wouldn't call it meaningful in terms of any kind of impact on that for 2019. But yes, this thing will come back again in 2020, comes in, in and out, it seems to insert some in year impact. While given the diversity of our business space, it's usually, really not all that material for us. We look at it as kind of a -- an element that should be addressed here ultimately as you reintroduce that to the system. But nothing material that I call out in the 2019 outlook.
John Rex: Sure. Well, no, I guess, I'll start by saying I appreciate the valiant attempt to 2020 guidance, which we won't be providing here today. And keeping that long held custom we will provide some initial thoughts in October with our third quarter earnings call and then we'll provide really detailed view at our investor conferences as we always do. I will offer a few thoughts, because I think you asked a good thoughtful question there. So first as it relates to our 13% to 16% long-term earnings growth objective is just that, but long-term outlook not meant to be a single quarter or a single year point estimate. I think as I reflect back a little bit, let’s say over the last decade or so, let's see. So we've through today reported 42 quarters, right. I'd say annual average growth rate over that period has been 18%, but including where I expect to land in 2019, we had seven quarters that have all been well above or within that 13% to 16% target and four that were below.  If I call a little more granularity, I think about 42 quarters, we've had 28 that were in or above that guidance range and 14 were below. So it's a pretty strong batting average against the long-term growth rate. And we expect it's going to continue to be quite strong for the decade to come. But it's a long-term growth rate, and we manage the business to sustain that growth in the future. We don't -- typically there aren't in discrete individual factors that we see as that have really influenced that and I can think about many factors that have occurred over the course of this company, whether it was going back to stars or other elements or years where Medicare rates were not -- where we're different than maybe expected. The hit is just the favor that comes in and out and openly passes through also. I think a few things that, I know you're all well aware of here though, it is a cost that's ultimately shouldered by American families, small businesses and seniors. It's a non-deductable task to comes in and you've seen it come in and out. And I know you all are deeply aware of the mechanics and for us, it’s just mechanics passes through. But it comes in and out and cut insert year, end year impact sometimes when it comes in and out. As I said in the last -- response to last question, given the diversity of our business, it's just not really all that material to us. But it's noticeable that, things like I'd point out that, again, you're well aware of non-deductible nature of the tax alone adds 300 to 400 basis points to our effective tax rate. That's just the math of it. There's the calendar year versus policy year differentials on the commercial business, I can go on. But I'm confident that after several years of this, by now you're all aware of those impacts.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. We will continue investing for the future building, innovating and diversifying as we seek to support the development of the next generation health system, a system that provides high quality and efficient access for all, a system that achieves better outcomes and experiences at lower costs for people. This is the essential work of our enterprise. It provides us with an extraordinary opportunity and responsibility to help improve healthcare in the U.S. and globally, and to continue growing our business in these large and fast growing markets. It is why if you spend time at our organization, you can feel the restlessness among our 320,000 dedicated professionals, all focused on making an impact in everything we do, and generating stronger societal and shareholder return. And with that, let's open it up for questions. One question per caller, please, operator.
David Wichmann: So maybe Eric can answer the specific question on John Muir and then we'll have Andrew Witty, take the second part there around preparing large systems. 
David Wichmann: Good question, Matt. Our decisions around rebates and the application of them where pharmacy pricing protection doesn't exist and an existing policy was made independent of any pending regulation and it was done so well over a year ago now, or so. So our commitment to that remains, I think you know that there's, of the policies that exists particularly in the commercial market about 75% of them already have pharmacy price protection mechanisms in them like a copay, whereas the other 25%, and I'm generalizing here, but the other 25% don't. And when that is the case, in particular, when it intersects with some of the legacy high deductible health plans there, it was really compelling for us to drive rebates to the point of sale to create greater affordability for consumers. We just felt that that was the right consumer response.  So that won't change, as we think about moving forward, there are some legislation on HDHP yesterday, which I thought was pretty forward leaning, which allows for greater flexibilities around managing high deductible health plans that would give us greater flexibility as a market leader in that segment to be able to modify those policies and offer a greater range that allows us to be able to deal with the breadth of issues that arise with those policies intersecting with individuals with chronic disease. So we're looking forward also to bringing out new policies that are more responsive broadly to consumer expectations. So you can expect us not to change our stance on rebates.
David Wichmann: So there's two elements to this, first was the 8 million to 9 million or so people that are covered with or have a point of sale rebates applied in our fully insured markets, that is pretty close to being done. That was commenced effective January 1, 2019 on renewal date. So we still have some renewals that will take place as a result of that. The impact of that has been $130 per eligible script savings and as much as a 16% improvement in adherence. So we're going to monitor that and really evaluate what the long-term implications are on individual health and the overall use of healthcare resources. The second piece, again, relates to those opportunities that come to us from January 1, 2020 and beyond, that have no pharmacy price protection mechanism in the plan design, which again, would be about 25% of the total plan design. In those situations, we would only take on that case in the -- if we were able to apply rebates at the point of sale, I'm speaking for UnitedHealthcare at this stage. So those are the -- that's the plan for us going forward. In terms of implication, so, there has been no implication with respect to the -- that policy adoption. The one thing we did see pretty quickly thereafter is a lot more interest on the part of large employers and possibly applying the same policy recognizing that consumers are at risk if they have a high cost drugs and policy features that don't protect them from inflation on those drugs.
David Wichmann: There's a lot of policies and proposals and proposed regulation activity going on today. And it's in part mixed with the political campaigns. So there's a lot to -- there's a lot out there. And some of that is subjected to formal processes and others is more just direct commentary. And so our -- I think here for this purpose, we would probably restrict our commentary to general types of themes as opposed to find ourselves commenting outside of the formal process. But -- so I just maybe emphasize a few things here. One is, as it relates to drug prices in particular, I think it's fairly clear now that there's that drug companies set these prices. I think one of the things that was implied in a rebate rule was important emphasis on continuing the PBM’s rule as a counterbalance against those list prices increases, but also direct recognition of the strong value PBMs bring not only in the management of procurement, but also as they manage the pharmacy benefit, as well as in the case of OptumRx distinct value that comes with the intersection of all of that with the medical benefit, driving considerable additional value. We save consumers about $2,000 per year, per consumer in these activities. And I think that folks are starting to realize that and really value it. So I think that that will weigh heavily on whatever ultimately comes out. Also, I think you've also seen that we began bringing really strong value to people through this application of rebates at the point of sale. Really to ensure that consumers are protected from these list price increases overall to the best of our abilities and we'll continue to pursue those activities. And so I think that covers off your -- the kind of the commentary you had about the rebate rule. And the second piece as it relates to the House Ways and means donor hole. Do we have any specific commentary on -- further commentary on that looks like not. So we'll just stick with that response for now.  Thank you, Ricky. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: So Peter, we are pretty pleased with how DaVita transitioned over. Having done -- bring down diligence and looking at the run rate or the performance of the business. So we were pretty pleased with that. And so the foundation from which we will improve that practice and drive the type of synergies that we expect was there. And so we have high confidence you'll start to see some meaningful contributions from that platform in 2020 and beyond. Thanks for the question, Peter. Next question, please. 
David Wichmann: That's a really thoughtful question, Sarah. So a couple of things. First, we have begun to look at it more closely and thinking about whether how we are contributing to bringing a greater affordability more broadly across the segment of Medicare, Medicaid in commercial. And have started to evaluate that against NHE to determine again, whether we are a contributor to trend or whether we are actually reducing trend. And so that that's something that I think you'll hear more about from us. The other is as we sit here, we oftentimes talk in commercial trend context in these settings. All the while, we have a very robust and large government programs based business. And those obviously have trends inside them as well. So we're trying to think about a way to bring forward a view of that more broadly. So you can assess our aggregate performance across our business. We -- so NHE will be important in that respect. It is a complicated metric in many respects, I can -- I think I can safely say that we are contributing positively to reducing the nation's healthcare burden. And that healthcare burden has been declining over the course of the more recent past. And we would aim very hard to continue to move that forward, recognizing that the way to get that done is to advanced quality first and foremost, which is really the improving outcomes. And then the evaluation of and making sure that we drive efficiency in the use of the nation's healthcare resources in achieving that quality, and then not missing the opportunity to improve the patient experience as well. So this is a very high priority for this organization to contribute in a constructive way to reducing the overall healthcare burden in the U.S. And we believe you can see that in some of the remarks that, informing the health system through the application of the IHR, engaging people and managing their health conditions more proactively through the Raleigh platform and aligning the reward system in healthcare to drive that triple A value is essential to achieving that. And that's the essence of the commentary that I began this call with today. We would add a fourth element to that and that was really around our physicians and providing them a work environment or environment where they can practice medicine, the way they've been trained and to allow them to the freedoms without burnout to be able to deliver solid, high quality outcomes and results for their patient base. And we believe that OptumCare is and UnitedHealthcare broadly is creating just that environment. Thank you for the question, Sarah. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Good question, Lance. Hopefully you read in all that that even we oftentimes showcase certain elements in the call here, but there's a very strong underlying and diverse base of businesses inside Optum that are advancing value to consumers on and the health system broadly on multiple different dimensions. We are running short of time. So I think we can take two more questions. And then we'll conclude the call. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Right. Thank you, John. Thank you all. So I’d just like to maybe sum up where we are, as we close out this call. UnitedHealth Group ended the first half of 2019 with considerable momentum delivering strong, well balanced earnings growth across all of our businesses. It's with confidence that we're expanding -- with our expanding capabilities and available growth opportunities that we increased our outlook for full year adjusted earnings per share. Optum and UnitedHealthcare both perform strongly in the quarter. Both are focused on lowering costs and improving health outcomes and the consumer experience as they seek to help advance the next generation health system in a socially conscious way. A system that provides high quality, efficient and fair access for all. This concludes our call today. Thank you for joining us.
