David Wichmann: Okay, well maybe we’ll start with John and then as it relates to 2021, I’m sure you can talk about the commercial markets, and we’ll have Dirk address that. 
David Wichmann: Then I’ll ask Robert Musslewhite to round it up here, really talking about both the activity with health systems, who have been extremely busy, and then also with health plans.
David Wichmann: Thank you Robert. AJ, hopefully that was responsive. Thank you for the question.  Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Sure, so the additional billion--or the billion in premium rebates is a best estimate at this point in time. As these things move and we continue to deal with the evolution of the pandemic, as well as the impacts on the economy, that number will shift around. It’s required to be reflected in your results on a current term basis, so it’s reflected in the results that you see so far year-to-date, so it’s already through.  Then as it relates to rebates, yes, there are anti-kickback rules, and all those things we have a very complex set of engagements that we need to make with insurance commissioners and others to make sure that we can return these funds. We have engaged in that and have been successful at getting concurrence with them around providing these rebates. Obviously it’s a lot easier to give money back than it is to ask for new, and so they’ve been very receptive and very collaborative and extremely appreciative that we were as proactive as we were and as early as we were in providing needed relief to our commercial members, as well as the actions that we took on the Medicare front. Thank you for the question. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Yes, so what we’re seeing so far is a lot of furloughs versus layoffs to reduce costs in the short term. In many cases, clearly this allows them to maintain medical benefits throughout. What also has benefited our overall enrolment is the impact of the stimulus actions. The impact on commercial enrolment hasn’t been as great as we would have otherwise thought based on the unemployment data, just because of the stimulus as well as the furloughs. We’re looking and we’re continuing to work with our broker partners and with our employers to try to find folks--to try to find other coverages for folks if they don’t stay in commercial.  What I would say is in the Medicaid space, what we’ve seen so far is the redeterminations have been put on hold, so we’ll see. People go to our commercial products as we--our individual products as we pace forward, and we have a fairly broad commercial and individual products as well, so we may be able to recapture our share, but there’s no doubt that there’s going to be sort of delayed impact because of the stimulus actions and it will be a little bit more pronounced in the second half, but we think we’ve held our own so far. Thank you Robert. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: And Sarah, one of the things we did was we maintained our full workforce, so nobody’s been laid off or furloughed or dismissed because of COVID-19, and in part because we knew that on the other side of this initial activity that the health system would come back online and consumers would be accessing care, so we needed to make sure that we were prepared to respond to the market demands just as quickly as possible.  Because of all that, the service through this time period, we [indiscernible] virtually all the lines of business at Optum and the same thing with--I’m sorry, UnitedHealthcare and the same with Optum. We’ve seen a nice improvement, so we’re making sure that we utilize this time well and make those investments provide the right kinds of returns, so that we’re creating additional trust with the marketplace. I think that’s playing out nicely.  Thank you for your question, Sarah. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Yes, we leaned in a lot to the digital activities and the way in which we’re engaging or assembling our resources across our company to really create a unique and distinctive home clinical experience. That includes the engagement of our physical resources, our nurses that already go into homes, so I could see us very much being a home through ambulatory, surgical capacity company. As it relates to the home in particular, our interest would be primarily in deploying skilled health services, so we would not be as inclined around the other home-based care services around ADL management and things of that nature. We probably would continue our focus on skilled clinical resources.  Thanks for the question, Scott. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Yes, it’s really hard to tell. We normally don’t give guidance at this stage, Kevin, for 2021. Sometimes we give impressions, but given the volatility of the market as it stands right now and more the near term focus that we have in making sure that we’re serving our patients, members, customers, and then keeping our people safe, including 120,000 clinical resources out on the front line of care, we’re just not really in a position to talk about 2021. We’ll probably give you some sense of that in the Q3 call, but maybe not quite as clear as what we may have given in the past, just looking forward. I would see our investor conference as being the place where I think we can give you the best sense of things. As it relates to our core performance of our businesses, they’re performing well. We’re not talking about their individual performances anymore because there is nothing normal about how any of them are performing at this stage. Collectively, they’re doing a great job and they’re right on expectations, and they’re right on the expectations that informed the guidance that we gave you back in December, maybe a little bit ahead. So they’re performing really well, I just don’t think at this time it’s the right time for us to be thinking about where we’ll land in 2021 on margins. We’ll try to do a better job of that for you in the Q3 call and in the conference later this winter.  Thank you Kevin. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Sure Ricky, thank you for the question. I’ll just go ahead and take it. We’ve seen at the state level some indications of efforts around public options. I think the one that’s probably most prominent is the one that occurred in the State of Washington, which ended up being an augmentation of their exchange, a set of product offerings on that. You probably have noticed that we bid and we were one of the successful bidders, and are currently in contract negotiations to provide an offering on that exchange. What’s interesting about that from our standpoint is that we have a very strong relationship with the State of Washington. We have significant care delivery capacities in that state and we serve 220,000 Medicaid and over 40,000 dually eligible individuals as well. There is kind of a unique program design there that really uses, I’ll call it roughly a reference based pricing, and we’re curious to see how we perform in competing on a reference based pricing basis because it’s not unusual for us to have a disadvantage on discounts when we’re competing [indiscernible] given the size and significance of those players in the overall market. We actually think this will be a nice test to see what the [indiscernible] our business will be. Generally speaking, we’re not a strong supporter of these public option proposals, and primarily because they disrupt current coverage platforms which consumers value and appreciate. We believe there’s a near universal coverage system already in America today. It’s obviously not complete and it has some gaps, but we believe those gaps can be closed and think that consumers much prefer that we leverage the existing commercial Medicare and Medicaid markets to provide the types of coverage options and coverages that are necessary for America. The areas that [indiscernible] around Medicaid, and we’re obviously strong supporters of the states that have not expanded to expand, we believe Medicaid is a strong coverage option for--you know, encourage [indiscernible] that occurs. The other area would be that we see a lot of the uninsured are actually folks that have an affordable coverage option available to them, but they don’t necessarily enroll, and particularly in Medicare where there’s--Medicaid, excuse me, where there’s about 8.5 million people that are currently uninsured but have Medicaid option available to them, so we’d be strong proponents of passive enrollment as well to ensure that Americans are getting the coverages that are made available to them by states, federal governments, and the private insurance system. With that, thank you for the question, Ricky. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Yes, both NaviHealth and AbleTo are organizations that we’ve aligned to in the past, so we have a history of a strong working relationship and knowledge--good strong, intimate knowledge of the performance of these businesses and where their innovative capacities lie. They just have really strong management teams and do a very good job managing their respective markets. Thank you for your engagement today. This is a unique time in our history and in the history of healthcare. As you have come to expect from us, we will continue to meet this unprecedented environment with the highest level of integrity, compassion, and agility. UnitedHealth Group is built to be an adaptable company, and as we’ve seen in the past several months, you can expect the following from us, that we will continue to lean into challenges of the current environment with the full capacity of this enterprise and proactively seek ways to collaborate and partner with others.  As we work together to serve society through COVID-19, we will fairly resolve any economic imbalances that may arise while we continue to lead in the development of the next generation health system in a socially conscious way so that everyone can be served equally, one person, one provider, one health system at a time. With your continued support, we expect to grow and emerge an even stronger company in the years to come. Thank you. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
John Rex: Good morning, John Rex here, Justin. Just a few comments here in terms of medical cost ratio and the impacts of customer assistance and how they flow through the year. Yes, you are right - clearly we expect higher than historically normal medical cost ratios as we move into the second quarter of the year, and that’s certainly implied in our maintained guidance view. You can see as you look at it versus historical levels of a typical second half, we’re running in the zone of a couple hundred basis points above what we would consider kind of historical medical cost ratios in the second half of the year, to kind of give you a little color in terms of how that flows through. In terms of the customer assistance initiatives and how those play out, among some of the more significant customer assistance initiatives that we are taking on are the waiving of co-pays for seniors for both primary care and very importantly on the specialist component, as that’s a very significant burden for seniors. Those really have much more impact as we get into the second half from the perspective of as care delivery systems reopen, that’s when those costs will be incurred, so you’re incurring those costs as seniors and people are really accessing that care, and that’s where the assistance component comes in. That component, which is one of the more significant components of the customer assistance initiatives we’ve undertaken, is really more weighted to the back half of the year than the first half of the year.
John Rex: Good morning, Sarah, how are you doing? A few things, comments on that in terms of just thinking about how those costs play out. I guess I’d first point out, as you can appreciate, we’re quite respectful of the highly fluid situation and mindful of how rapidly the situation is evolving. [Indiscernible] sets up a view that as the maintained earnings outlook would imply [indiscernible] the carrier that we had expected to be delivered in 2020, you know, we look into the back half of the year. [Indiscernible] that way or not, or whether as you suggest, some of that moves into 2021 also is in part a component of how quickly systems, health delivery systems reopen and how fully they stay open, and also just the consumer preference in terms of their comfort of going into these settings. All those are elements that play out in this thing, so we’re being quite respectful of that situation as we look forward on that and how that plays out into ’21. Certainly some of that could end up in ’21. In terms of cost, I think what you’re referring to is investments that we would choose to make being heavily, and we’re investing heavily in part in response to COVID-19 and in response to the pandemic. You probably saw some of that even in our operating cost ration this quarter in terms of the investments we’re making on a current period basis to serve people and to enhance and strengthen our capabilities as we look forward. Those are the main components that I’d point out in terms of how we’re acting and how we’re looking ahead to serve.
John Rex: Yes, good morning Steven. A few impacts going on as we think about the progression. Definitely there are the proactive actions that we’re taking to help people that have impact in the quarters here. Typically we would think about there still being a ramp, though, in terms of the system reopening, so as we--as we exited June and we were trying to give you as much clarity and transparency as we could in terms of what we’re seeing real time, seeing systems reopening, that at this point they’re still not fully open. They are getting close, they are near normal, but not what we’d call fully reopened. That will continue to track over the course of the second half, and we would continue that, so I would expect there would be some trajectory that would go on just from that component as those reopen.  Creating some offset in that, certainly we have a lot of actions also that are impacting and will impact in the near term as they come on and seniors are able to access care and move through using the co-pay eliminations that we’ve put into place. All of those have quite a bit of impact. At this distance, I would tell you we’re kind of in the--just given the variability, we’re kind of in a zone where those impacts probably have offsetting impacts, and we’re kind of sitting in a zone of we’d look for relatively consistent levels throughout. Typically we have more--you know, you get a little more impact, though, as you get into 4Q. Our historical patterns would show that. 
John Rex: Morning Ralph, John Rex. Yes, you’re accurate in terms of my commentary in the prepared comments here. The trends we’re referring to are national trends. You are absolutely correct - if we were to go into pockets, into certain metro regions in the country where you’ve seen some spiking in terms of infection rates and such, we’re seeing impact in those particular regions, but those are very particular regions in terms of that [indiscernible]. When we’re talking about what we’re seeing through July, it’s very much at a national level in terms of impact.  Dirk has a little additional color commentary also. 
John Rex: And Ralph, on your question on acuity, a little too soon to really call that one right now. When we expect individuals with chronic conditions that have missed treatments, and as they come back into the system and coming back potentially with a higher acuity level, it’s a little too soon to really be seeing that in the current trending that we are looking at as we sit here today. It really isn’t showing up yet, but we expect that to show up as systems continue to reopen, and really importantly, consumer comfort level increases.
Wyatt Decker: Dave, thanks, and Josh, thanks for the question. You’re absolutely right, Dave - we have seen continued interest and growth in our OptumCare model, which has become really the nation’s predominant physician-led, value-based, patient-centered ambulatory medical practice. That may sound like a mouthful, but it’s really focused on doing what’s right for patients, delivering care in both more convenient and lower cost settings in a value-based construct, keeping the patient at the center of everything we do. We’ve seen, to the second question, Josh, around the performance of OptumCare, we’ve seen that our large geographic footprint combined with our both risk-based and fee-for-service model has created substantial resiliency in the business, and as John Rex mentioned, we saw some countervailing financial performances when fee-for-service got quieter during the peak of the pandemic. We’re now seeing very rapid recovery in part because of our tremendous support of our frontline providers. The other piece that I would want to underscore is our incredible gratitude to our frontline providers that have done an incredible job caring for both COVID patients and helping us effectively navigate through this complex pandemic. Your first question around ongoing recruitment of physician groups and individual physicians, your implied assumption is correct - we are seeing substantial interest in our practice model as well as in becoming part of OptumCare, and this is part of a multi-year trend that we have continued to grow, and as you know, we have relationships with multiple physician groups that are either affiliated or employed today, over 52,000 doctors in both categories combined, and we have seen continued interest and expect a pipeline of affiliated and employed physicians to grow robustly. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Yes Scott, thanks for the question. First, I would tell you how excited we are and pleased we are to welcome the team of NaviHealth to Optum United Health Group. Second, I would say just to frame it, when you look at seniors in the United States, there’s over a $60 billion spend in the post acute space, which historically has not been well managed both in terms of the patient experience and expenses. We think there is a tremendous opportunity, and you can look forward with NaviHealth as well as our own capabilities and our colleagues at Sound Physicians, which is a hospital staffing group focused on hospitalists who are very engaged in the post acute transition, to continue to build capabilities to help both patients and people manage that post hospitalization period with the best outcomes and the best experience. More to come, but we’re very excited about this combination of our colleagues at NaviHealth.
Wyatt Decker: You bet. We’re also very pleased to welcome the team from AbleTo, and as you alluded, there is enormous capabilities there in providing [indiscernible] to those suffering from mild, moderate, and in some cases even severe behavioral and substance use disorder conditions. [Indiscernible] leverage the capabilities in a more comprehensive fashion with other capabilities, including [indiscernible] care, which we have seen an enormous uptick in as well. Today, [indiscernible] visits, over half are being provided in the outpatient setting using digital capabilities, and AbleTo has very sophisticated tools that allow individuals to address their behavior healthcare needs, so we’re very pleased about the partnership and we look forward to continuing to build out both their and our capabilities. Finally, to your point about embedded solutions in primary care, we have begun that journey, and in fact within OptumCare you’ll find a number of our practices have embraced this today and able to provide more advanced capabilities to use digital tools in that setting as well. So yes, we will continue that integration.  Thank you.
Dirk McMahon: Yes, thanks Dave. AJ, hi. As I look at national accounts and I think about this selling season, what we really saw was that we’re about 60 days behind normal in terms of people making decisions for 1/1/21. As we sit here today, not all the decisions have been made, and as we handicap our wins and losses, what we expect will be roughly flat to a little bit up in terms of group wins and losses for 1/1/21, but really the tale is going to be told with respect to national accounts as to what attrition occurs throughout the remainder of the year.  I think that’s really it. I would say in terms of general RFP activity, I think I would say that in national accounts, these sorts of things just progressed, just at a little bit slower than what we had seen previously.  As it relates to Medicaid, I’ll turn it over to Tim Spilker, who will just give us quick thoughts on the RFP activity in ‘caid.
Dirk McMahon: I would say we would expect the infection rates to ebb and flow based on geography [indiscernible] broad-based shutdown. Those places where that ebb and flow occurs, we would expect [indiscernible] impact. Obviously [indiscernible] more markets individual [indiscernible] but overall, like we said on the call today, utilization is going to come back during the second half of the year.
Dirk McMahon: I mean, it’s kind of hard to ignore the number of new diagnoses that dropped off. It’s hard to ignore the drop-off in heart attack, stroke. You can imagine it was fear of consumers going to an ER that caused them not to access the health system, so we--it may be speculative here, but I think the data that we see suggests that there will be some intensity in the services that people receive. We’re prepared to make sure that we facilitate them receiving those services.
