David Wichmann: Thank you, John. We think about the numbers shared with you today as the result of serving millions of people, one person at a time, one health system at a time. We continue to advance value, simplicity, affordability and quality. Doing so in differentiated ways increases our value and sustains our growth. Growth provides even more opportunities to fulfill our mission and deliver long-term performance for the people we serve and our shareholders. As we pass the midpoint of this year, we begin to shift focus to the year ahead when we expect our enterprise to continue to innovate, grow and perform strongly for society and for our investors. We expect to grow revenues, earnings and cash flows broadly across the expanse of our uniquely diversified and increasingly global health care portfolio. We won’t get into specifics now, but at this distance we see more tailwinds than headwinds. As was the case heading into 2018, the tailwinds in our businesses are largely generated internally, coming from strong and diversified growth across our five distinct pillars, all aimed at achieving our longstanding mission. To achieve this growth, our businesses will continue to make deeper investments in quality improvements, technology deployment, delivery system optimization, consumer-centric financing mechanisms and other innovations to improve the value individuals receive from the health system. These investments will also serve to lower our cost structures, improve NPS and enable sustained growth and differentiated value for years to come. As to headwinds, we expect the policy debates surrounding coverage expansions and health care costs to continue into next year. Additionally, the return of the health insurance tax in 2020 will cause higher premiums and lower coverage levels for people, and we will be advocating on behalf of our customers and consumers for a delay or outright repeal of this tax. As solid as our performance may seem, we are not satisfied, given our organization’s capabilities and capacities to serve. Despite strong top-line growth and results, we are not performing at, nor consistently growing to, our full potential. This has, and will continue to be, an area of intense focus for our business leaders.  Perhaps even more critical from my perspective, we must work enterprise-wide to improve our speed and agility, so the pace of innovation and change better reflect our restless drive to deliver even more value to those we serve and unleash the full transformative impact of this enterprise. We will provide some initial direction on 2019 in our third quarter earnings call, followed by a full review at our annual Investor Conference on Tuesday, November 27. We hope you can join us there. Now we will open the call for your questions. One question per caller please so we can get to as many as people as possible.
David Wichmann: Sarah, we are having a hard time hearing you, so can you – you may be on a headset or something, can you…
David Wichmann: Great. And then if I can I will just make a few remarks on Rally as well. Thank you for the question. Rally as you can tell in the script is something that we're very proud of having developed over the course of last four years. Obviously, there was a lot of work that went into in advance of our alignment with them, but they’ve done a very nice job of taking a single product company and making it multidimensional along the lines that Andrew has described. So, we are seeing probably the very fast uptake and in fact accelerating uptake of that business as we expand our offerings to respond to greater levels of consumer need. So as an example, when we gave Rally the responsibility for our premium designation program, which is effectively the way in which consumers search for and find a physician and/or other care services we gave that responsibility we also started to appeal to a broader group of consumers, which dramatically increase the registration rate across that platform now sitting at I believe somewhere around 18 million people are registered with Rally today.  So, we believe that the expansion of the value that is offered on the Rally chassis is the single best way to get there and that really requires that we continue to provide a significant value to consumers both in terms of cost containment, but also in terms of the improved health that they each received. So, we’re continuing to expand and diversify that offering keeping it simple for people and we look forward to the developments that we will see with the individual health record and how that drives next best action and to the consumers that we serve and expect to see increased utilization as a result as well.
David Wichmann: So, really Steve what you’ve hit on is this category of growth for us, pillar of growth around consumer centric benefits, and Nexus ACO would be one example, but if you look to the distinguished group insured growth over the course of the last three years or so, and why we are bullish on growth going forward it’s really because of these new designs that were progressively putting in the marketplace and may be tied to the question to before that. Our ability than to use digital assets and other ways to engage consumer around lifestyle behavior modifications creates a great attraction to these products as well. Thank you for your question. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Yes sure. So, Optum Ventures they generally invest in visual health companies that use data and analytics to improve consumers access to help the healthcare services and health care across the board. Also, Ventures really invest in things that make the health care system more reliable and easier to navigate. The Ventures investments are focused on I would say four main areas, health analytics, digital on-demand, consumer focused health, and healthcare system management. I would also say and conclude that there is lot of synergies between Optum and Optum Ventures, Optum providing a good scalable platform to test Optum Ventures and Optum Ventures is being able to sort of give us some shots in the arm with respect toward Digital agenda.
David Wichmann: I would just add a little bit to that if I can. We also build businesses organically as well inside our company and maybe just comment on a couple. One would be a business [indiscernible] we are advancing new platforms for dialysis really trying to promote home-based dialysis and use, as well as trying to drive greater value to consumers in that whole category if you will. And then at this time, I would also mention when we announced this in the last couple of weeks where we created a company called, along with our venture partner alumni, created a company called [indiscernible], which is an on-demand healthcare insurance platform, which I would characterize as being pretty revolutionary in terms of the potential that holds to fit a particular market segment in the group insured marketplace, as well as self-funded market as well. So, those are a couple of additional examples. These are the things that we hope to profile for you to a greater extent when we get together in November. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Thanks Kevin. I think we’ve actually raised expectations pretty strongly over the course of this year. So, twice by total of about $0.175 [ph] at the midpoint and that’s despite some pretty substantive flu pressure and a new HIPAA effect that we’ve identified in the first quarter of around $0.22 or so. So, the way we look at it at least from my vantage point we’ve raised it by about $0.40 or so, so far this year. So, but I think importantly as we look to the balance of 2018 we’re focused on growth, we’re continuing to focus on cost containment and achieving the full potential this enterprise capacity is, and you could see that we are deeply investing in innovation to drive constructive measured change and improve healthcare economics in both North and South America. So, we are also focused on these five areas of growth advancing quality, driving MPS or measured by MPS I should say, and again continuing to invest and diversify our businesses so that we can achieve a long-term sustainable growth rate that we have outlined for you in the past of which we remain deeply committed to as well. We did buy Medicare in the first quarter that Medicare is interesting for us, right now it is in winter. So, not particularly accretive in the second and third quarter of the year, it happens to bare the same characteristics as the UnitedHealthcare Brazil businesses as well. So, we don't see a lot of material improvements in our results as it relates to that and they will start to see that closer to the fourth quarter or so. But part of what I laid out as well is that and maybe this is what you’re suspecting is that the company has so much potential given its assets and just performing to its full potential is our ambition and that is what this team is aiming to achieve. So, we will continue to get after cost, we are going to continue to get after growth, and diversifying and growing our business and importantly investing in it for the long term. So, we can serve more people and so more health systems better. Thanks, good for your question. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Thanks for the question A.J. Appreciate it. I think we have highlighted some of those today. We didn't really talk about in terms of levels of disappointment, but I think it is fair to say that we are not particularly pleased with how we have done the large case ASO marketplace overall. If you look at our performance over the course of the past years and it is not reflective of the winning capabilities of this company, and so that is a good example of a place that I think we need to improve. Very satisfied with our MPS performance, but extremely anxious to get that moved up and at the same time manage the interchange of that with the evolutions that are required in order to respond to consumer demands. So, figuring that out is one of our challenges and I’d say maybe another one is just the pace at which we are driving adoption of the use of technology and digital broadly and by most measures there is nothing wrong here. I don't want to leave you with that point-of-view, but by most measures with the company of that capacity that this one has, I just believe we should be able to move faster with greater speed and agility to respond to emerging market demand for these kinds of services. We are well up front with all of them, but my view is we need to get these into the hands of the consumers faster and make a bigger difference on how the effectiveness of health systems and the health of people. And so maybe just call, chuck it up a little bit to having maybe higher expectations than what we’re currently achieving, largely because we have a good inside view of what the internal capacities are of this enterprise overall. So, expect this to step it up.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Josh. Brian Thompson will take your first question. A - Brian Thompson Thanks, Josh. Brian Thompson here. As I mentioned last quarter, certainly encouraged by the direction of the 2019 rate, it's up nearly three points versus last year and then you complement that with some policy changes around the framework that provides greater flexibility around how we can define benefits all good for seniors. As you mentioned, I do think that ushers in an opportunity in 2019 for an environment that will provide stronger coverages and innovations and benefit enhancements for the senior serve [ph]. So, should be great for MA. As I think about our position in it, we will approach 2019 with an expectation of continuing the momentum that we've demonstrated over the last four years with share gains in 2019 as well. 
David Wichmann: And as it relates to exchanges, maybe I'll just take that one. I think Josh as we've said in the past, first of all our decisions are made state by state and as you know we have a very modest presence overall. I want to kind of reaffirm that nothing has fundamentally changed since we made our decision several years back now, which has absolutely turned out to be the right one for us. And as always, we'll evaluate for future participation on a market-by-market basis. One thing you may read is, that there was some noise out there about us joining the Massachusetts Exchange. I just want you to know that that was largely due to our small group penetration having grown to a point where we were required to participate in that exchange. So, it wasn't necessarily a voluntary decision on our part. Thanks for the question. Next questions please.
David Wichmann: So, you should conclude from this that the trends are very much in-line with our expectations for the year. Our teams are performing very well containing health care costs and they are pricing to a forward view of trends, very consistent with the actions that we've taken in the past. You should also take it as it relates to our last comment around international, that our international businesses in South America are performing very well, very nice growth year-over-year, offer strong baselines, good start for Banmedica as well. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Which is one of the reasons why we invested in SCA, which we viewed as the right ambulatory surgical platform properly positioned in the higher acuity surgeries that were offered in those settings, and to have great ambition for its ability to expand and need to meet some more people with higher quality and greater levels of consumer satisfaction. Just as a reminder, SCA operates in 91 NPS zone. So, very progressive and doing so while saving consumers about 50%. Next question please.
David Wichmann: I think one of the strongest examples of that is our public private partnership in our hospital in Portugal as an example, where we're leading on quality and provide a very cost-effective solution working with government to serve the needs of the people of Portugal. And Molly and her team has really done a nice job and particularly you saw on the script around innovation and bringing new innovations to the market. What you're starting to feel is the introduction of information analytics, use of digital capacities, increased product modernization and designs in countries that have historically not had a great deal of diversity of offering. So that helps to create demand for all folks and you have access to private health systems and serves the needs of multiple different price point expectations that those consumers have. So, we're very pleased with the work that they've done. Next question please. 
David Wichmann: Yes, and where that really shows itself is when you carry over from over a year. It doesn't really show up quarter-to-quarter, it shows up going from Q4 to Q1 and less dramatic when you get into Q2. Our development as indicated in the script, it really relates to Q1 this year and it's not all that different from the development that we experienced in Q2 2017, related to the first quarter of 2017 as well. Thank you, Matt. Next question please.
David Wichmann: The $0.22, I'm sorry to confuse you, it really related to the impact of flu combined with that. I think this specifically, the hit component was what $0.06, $0.07 something in that zone, if I recall correctly, Mike. 
David Wichmann: Thank you. I believe that concludes the questions for the day. We accomplished one of our performance metrics and that was to make sure that we were able to answer all of your calls – all of your questions, excuse me. And so, I appreciate them, they were all very good. So, – but to sum up our report for the second quarter, the people of UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare executed well on our strategic path, improving quality, affordability and consumer satisfaction for the people we serve resulting in growth and reliable return for our shareholders. Revenue, cash flow, earnings and importantly, NPS scores continue to advance. While we recognize there is much more to be done to reach the full transformative potential of our enterprise, we are committed to help positively reshape healthcare, to be higher quality, more affordable simpler and of higher value to people. We are confident that we will continue the strong performance in the second half of this year in 2019, 2020 and for many years to come. Thank you again for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Tim Wicks: Sure. Happy to do that. Dave thank you very much for the question. So, on OptumInsight, as we think about the quarter and we think about the margin growth it really is two items. One, you referenced pricing and mix and there is a significant amount of mix opportunity that is occurring in terms of growth of business around the risk and quality businesses, as well as payment integrity, and then the second area that is also important and continues to be important, you heard us talk a significant amount in 2017 about the discipline that we drove financial discipline and overall cost management, and that’s really coming through the business. Frankly, all across Optum, but specifically an OptumInsight in the quarter as well.
Tim Wicks: Sure. Peter, thank you for the question. First, what I would say is, as we look at the growth rate of revenue at Optum both year-over-year and sequentially it is in-line with our plans in both of those ways of looking at it. The revenues of 24.7 billion were up 9% or up 2.1 billion, compared to a year ago with both OptumHealth and OptumInsight posting double-digit growth rates and with OptumRx posting a 7% growth rate year-over-year.  In each of those businesses, organic growth was very strong, both in OptumHealth, in terms of care delivery with market expansion, as well as OptumServe volume growth and then behavioral health and then in OptumInsight, strong growth with the addition of the advisory board, but also pretty significant volume growth in terms of our risk and quality business and then also volume growth and payment integrity. Also, when I mentioned OptumRx earlier in the overall revenue growth there, I think it is important to understand that that’s driven by new sales growth in terms of new clients that have come on, as well as very strong expansion in terms of specialty as well. So, really solid growth across the businesses and in-line with our expectations.
Tim Wicks: We don't spike that out specifically Peter, but I would tell you it’s not an appreciable difference.
Tim Wicks: Thank you, Ralph. Quite a few questions inside that Ralph, but thanks for the questions. First on MLR, just to say that, that was right in-line with our expectations and as we noted earlier, there is - we're not changing our outlook for the full-year at all and the year-over-year change is an element that we described, the insurers' tax impact is favorable and then business mix and the less favorable development go on the other direction. As far as acuity, we would - overall acuity in aggregate is in-line with our expectations out there as well. What you'll see over time though as we work hard to keep moving lower acuity in each category to its appropriate place of service that what remains in each category will naturally have a little bit upward pressure on acuity inside those categories. No change in our view on unit cost versus utilization, still it's 4% primary driver being the unit cost and 2% of utilization. And then I think the last piece was Banmedica, I think Dave touched a little bit on that earlier from given the size of Banmedica against our total medical expense base, it's really not a material factor at this point.
