Dirk McMahon: Thank you, Andrew. There is no more important aspect of the consumer experience in health care than convenient access to quality care, not theoretical access but care when and where people need it. Testing, for instance, is an area where we see significant opportunity to improve the consumer experience. It can be a burden for people to test for conditions such as colorectal cancer. As a result, too often, people just won't deal with the hassle early-stage condition, and as a result, early-stage conditions go undiagnosed and people don't get the care they need until things get really serious, which is bad for their health and results in unnecessarily higher intensity treatments and costs in the future. Like many of you, we have observed more willingness by patients for trial and adoption of in-home testing for many types of chronic conditions. However, it can be challenging for people to first, find test and then make sure the results get back into a doctor's workflow. Patients need to call providers for a prescription, go to disparate locations to pick up the test and then somehow get the piece of paper with a test result into an already busy clinic operation. At UnitedHealthcare, we've introduced an integrated solution that addresses all of the tasks that need to occur sequentially for test results to get into a clinic system. This digitally enabled solution is resulting in nearly 10% increase in people obtaining necessary screening versus a multi-step process. We are expanding this vital capability to more people and making additional types of tests available as well. As many of you know, the first quarter tends to be the most impactful in setting us up for operational success for the remainder of the year. The ease of that initial experience for people has a lasting impact on consumer and customer perceptions and buying decisions, not just for the next three months, but often for years to come. So we thought it would be timely and helpful to provide a bit of a performance report card for the quarter. A short version, this is where we owe a great thank you to the people of Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Perhaps nowhere was this more apparent than in the onboarding of the many new people served under value based arrangements within OptumHealth. Investing in the preparation of systems and training in physicians and staff was critical in laying the groundwork to provide high quality care for these new patients and expanding into new geographies. For example, in Ohio and New York, we are observing early improvements in post-acute trends such as skilled nursing facility admits declining 25% in just the first quarter of operation. It's a testament to the deep integration of our post-acute capabilities for transitioning patients to the most appropriate setting for their needs as well as a patient-centric orientation of our local care delivery organizations and their vigilance on care continuity. At UnitedHealthcare, our digital investments are continuing to serve our care providers and helping advance our efforts to move to a paperless experience. In the first quarter, visits to our digital portal continued to increase, while provider support costs declined about 12% from historical averages. Importantly, we have driven a 38% increase in providers using digital documents instead of paper in just this first quarter compared to last year. We expect the efforts we have taken in this quarter will save 80 tonnes of paper over the next five years. Before handing off to John, let me briefly -- let me turn briefly to our pending combination with Change Healthcare. By now, it should be clear we are deeply committed to helping achieve a simpler, more intelligent an adaptive health system for patients, payers and providers. The combination of Optum and Change Healthcare will connect and simplify core clinical, administrative and payment processes, health care providers and payers depend on to serve patients. Increasing efficiency and reducing friction will benefit the entire health system, resulting in lower costs and a better experience for all stakeholders. Our extended agreement with Change Healthcare reflects our firm belief in the potential benefits of this combination to improve health care and in our ability to successfully overcome the challenge to this merger. With that, now I'll turn it over to Chief Financial Officer, John Rex.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. So thanks, Andrew. Yes, hi A.J. So, first of all, yes, we're always sensitive to the challenges that people face in health care, specifically from a cost perspective. That's a big reason why we have affordability agenda that's really focused on total cost of care, lowering total cost of care for people, and also telling people in these inflationary times how they get more out of their benefits that they purchased from us. We've also done things we've talked before about getting really some good products in the marketplace, like our virtual products, which are 15% lower than other prevailing products in those markets. And as Andrew said, we're working really hard on technology to improve productivity. One of the things we're trying to do from a productivity standpoint is do that to enable us to make targeted investments in our people and to or otherwise pass that through in the form of premiums to folks. So, those are things from a productivity standpoint that on. From a labor strategy standpoint, more broadly, at the last fall as the sort of the great resonation progressed, we made some investments -- targeted investments in our people. In the first quarter, we had our normal merit review cycle with raises. So, we're trying to make from an internal perspective, the right thing to do. But as we look forward in -- for the remainder of the year, we're going to have to make -- continue to make targeted investments in areas like clinicians and in customer service folks where we see higher levels of attrition. So that's a broad brush as to what we're as to what we're doing. Brian, go ahead.
Dirk McMahon: Yeah. So Tim did a great job explaining Ricky, and direct answer to your question, we have started with Medicare and we'll move to commercial as we proceed along. But this is a Medicare start was what I was talking about specifically.
Andrew Witty: Thank you, John. I hope that you will recognize the consistent themes that we laid out last year as our guidepost for sustainable growth. Our focus on execution and continuous improvement across our businesses is a characteristic that we're going to sustain as we build upon this strong start to 2022.  And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
Andrew Witty: Lisa, thanks so much for the question. Let me ask Let me ask John to respond to the first part and then Brian Thompson, maybe you could just speak to a little bit the demand piece and maybe Brian pick up within that any sense of acuity shifts. I think that would be helpful for the folks who are listening. John, first.
Andrew Witty: Great. John and Brian, thanks so much for that. Yes, it was a very -- it was definitely a quarter of two parts in terms of January and then how February and March move forward with the shift in impacts of Omicron during this quarter. And -- but I think what you've heard from both John and Brian really reflects the kind of movement back towards kind of baseline activities with one or two exceptions. Rest assured, we are really watching like a hawk to see any evolving trend around acuity shift. Obviously, that's super important from a patient welfare perspective. But so far, we haven't seen very many signals of that at all. But it's maybe still early days. Lisa, thanks so very much for the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: A.J., thanks so much for the question. I'll make a couple of comments and maybe ask Dirk a little bit to reflect on the broader perspective. And then, Brian, again, just to talk a little bit to within the UHC portfolio. I mean, generally speaking, I want to make it super clear. Our focus always is to try and get the very best value proposition for our clients, members and patients. And I think at the time of inflation, that responsibility we carry really seriously. So, making sure that there are advocates really in the system to get the best deal possible for the folks who rely on us to continue to get good access to health care services and the care they need when they need it is something we're very focused on. So, we're fortunate to have some very long-term positions in place with a wide range of inputs that we rely on, which is obviously important. Brian may talk a little bit to that in a second from a UHC perspective. But whether you look at our OptumRx portfolio where we're going to continue to focus on getting really the lowest inflationary pressures. As an overall agenda, this is a time where UnitedHealth Group in all of its parts is going to be first and foremost, do everything it can to protect the people who rely on us from the forces of inflation. With that backdrop, maybe Dirk, you could pick up a little bit more broadly some of the things we're doing in the company and then pass to Brian.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Brian, very well said, I think. And our response to inflation is innovation. Simple as that. The way in which we're going to get the best outcome for folks who rely on us is to continue to innovate, how we work inside the company to deliver greater productivity, how we deliver efficient access to the system for members and patients, how we take advantage of things like virtual care platforms and how we truly bring to life the value of value-based care and all of the work that's going on between UnitedHealthcare and Optum, that is going to be a tremendous aid to us in ensuring that we can manage through this on behalf of the people who rely on us. So A.J., thanks so much for the question. Next question please operator.
Andrew Witty: Scott, thanks so much for the question. And I'm going to ask Wyatt Decker in a second to give you a little more response on this. LHC, we're incredibly proud of coming to an agreement with the LHC Board to bring together the two organizations. Obviously, it's a transaction, which hasn't closed yet. So I'm not going to go into too much detail about it. But let me say a few things. And I had a great pleasure, even on Monday, actually to spend some good time with the founders and the leadership team of LHC. Unbelievable positive culture inside the organization that's been built up by Keith and Ginger since they first founded it, really a company with a true heart and really puts patients first and their families first extraordinary impact in all of their lines of operations and how they can have a significant impact on the lives of people who very often are excluded from care. This is really about opening up access to a lot of people who would not otherwise find easy access to the system is really important. And I like very much all of the aspects I've seen of that organization look forward very much to successfully bringing it into the UnitedHealth Group portfolio. I would also say, and this is why I'm going to ask Dr. Decker to take a little bit more deeper dive, we're really moving at speed to bring together our home and community capabilities. And if you look at what's really driving alongside our value-based strategy for the clinics, the rapid growth of our home and community offering, which has brought together, the NaviHealth, Landmark will over time, align with LHC when it joins into the organization built on our original Optima Home product. It's an extraordinary set of capabilities and it's positioning us very well to, for example, serve the D-SNP population in a way, which historically would not have been possible. And that, as you've heard from John earlier, is a big piece of our growth in the first quarter. And maybe with that backdrop, I'll pass to Dr. Decker to give you a little more detail.
Andrew Witty: Justin, thanks so much for the question. I'm going to ask in a second, I’ll ask Brian just to reflect a little bit on the kind of direction of travel for value-based care. I think it's super interesting to hear the perspective from a payer perspective because Obviously, what Brian and his team are looking for is how do they deliver the very best outcome and value for the folks who rely on him. But before I go to that, a couple of things. We probably I'm not sure we need to kind of go into a ton of speculation on what the potential would be. Where I would focus on is look at the rate of growth that's going on right now. So that movement in terms of growth of Medicare Advantage that Brian is leading that growth, 600,000 folks coming into the OptumCare value-based capitated environment under Dr. Decker's organization. We're focused on knowing that we are able to sustain that level of transfer and growth over many years to come. So what the ultimate ceiling is on that. I think actually is a product of our ability to continue to deliver a fantastically innovative and high-quality capability in the marketplace. And that's going to continue to attract very large numbers of folks who want to be part of and benefit from it. So I'm a little less thoughtful about what could the ceiling be? I'm much more motivated by and excited by the way in which we're at the 500,000, 600,000 rates moving across our ability to both move and grow and win external business as part of that agenda is going to be the thing that we're focused on. So maybe with that, Brian, I'd ask you to go a little further from your perspective.
Andrew Witty: Brian, thanks so much. And Justin, just to come back to your second question around pipeline, as you'd expect, we don't comment on transactions speculation. But let me just make a few general points. You saw during Q1, we successfully closed and announced the bringing of Refresh Health into the organization. great business built by Steve Gold and his team, helping us build out our behavioral delivery capabilities within OptumHealth complements super nicely.  Our largest behavioral health network that we already have across the country from the benefit side of the business, so continue to operate there. I'd say, overall, our pipeline of opportunities, I actually think is probably as diverse as it's ever been and probably deeper than it's ever been. So, I think from a potential capital deployment capability, I think we feel pretty optimistic about that.  We continue -- as you see, we continue to be extremely disciplined about ensuring of all the very many opportunities that we see, that we focus on the ones which, first and foremost nestle centrally within our core strategies, those five growth areas I touched on earlier, Refresh Mental Health is a great example of that. So it's right into that value-based proposition in terms of how we believe we need to bring behavioral health management alongside medical management.  So first off, we need to sit centrally within our strategic framework. We need to believe in the culture and the capability of the leadership teams that we're welcoming into UnitedHealth Group. And of course, the economics have to fit with our demanding expectations to support our long-term growth ambitions of 13% to 16% and also the returns that our shareholders rightly expect. So that drives us forward. I feel confident about our ability to continue to deploy capital, which has always been a key element of helping us deliver long-term growth. So hope that gives you a little sense of where we stand, Justin. And maybe with that and the next question.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Okay, great. Listen, Kevin, thanks so much. I'll hand to Dr. Decker to respond to you on the first part of where that extra $100,000 taken us up to $600,000 is coming from, and it'd be good for you to hear that from him. I think in terms of how we think about how we invest in this space, I'd say, each one is pretty much a unique situation, right? I mean, every doctor clinic, they're all different. They've all got tremendously different histories, situations, dynamics. And, obviously, we take a view within a broad piece of not just what have they achieved to date, but how alongside the rest of our capabilities can we build opportunities and value for patients and the utilizers of those environments. And that's what really drives our kind of economic assessment. Now, I think, what you can see is the way in which we understand and seek to continue to learn how to work better and better within the value-based envelope and how we can utilize the skills of these organizations, allows us be confident in being able to set very fairly, reward people who choose to join our organization, and that's what's driving our ability to be successful integrators of some phenomenal people and their teams across the country. And I'm so pleased they stay inside the organization. And it’s super nice to be able to see OptumHealth continue to strengthen itself as a physician-led organization. And I think that is really contrasting to many others out there. This is an organization led by physicians at every level of the organization, and it makes a huge difference in terms of the way the heart and soul of this place is starting to be. And, I think, that's what underpins a lot of our contribution and competitiveness. With that, Dr. Decker, as the physician leader of the organization, maybe you could just reflect a little bit on how you're successfully driving up that growth rate.
Andrew Witty: Josh, thanks so much. It's a great question, actually. And I would say -- and again, I'm going to ask Wyatt to go much deeper for you on this. I would say that over the decade or so that this has been developing at Optum, I think our views are probably -- it's fair to say evolved quite a bit in terms of what the right way to operate. And not only in terms of what might be the right blend of relationships with ourselves and the physicians Also, the role of physicians versus advanced practice clinicians and others and also the role of what happens in a clinic-based environment versus a home-based environment. And I'd say particularly over the last, I don't know, maybe the last 24 months, I think that has moved on quite a lot in terms of how we're thinking about this. So I would just frame it. I'm going to hand right now to Wyatt, but I would just frame it, maybe, Josh, in those three dimensions, right? Location, kind of, relationship between and then type of clinician are, I think, evolving dynamics around, which we're becoming more and more opinionated. Maybe on that, Wyatt, you could go a little deeper.
Andrew Witty: Ricky, thanks so much for the questions. Before I go to Heather, let's tackle your first question -- your second question first, and maybe I'll go to Tim Noel to comment a little bit from the perspective of the Medicare book that you're looking at in terms of the home testing opportunity and dynamic.
Andrew Witty: Great. Heather, thanks so much. And Ricky, thank you very much for the question. We just have time for one last question. So Emma, maybe go to the last question.
Andrew Witty: Steven, thanks so much. I think maybe you misspoke. It's a – we increased our guidance range this year by $0.10, both at the top and the bottom of the guidance range just to reconfirm that. But listen, that raise is essentially based on the strong performance of Q1, good start to the year. We feel good about that. While -- as always, there's a lot of moving parts in our world and you've heard from people like Brian in some detail about some of the dynamic of the first quarter, actually, as it all comes together, the year is kind of shaping up pretty much in-line with the expectations we were laying out to you all in November last year.  Strong performance is supported by execution across all of our businesses. I would say, all of the core businesses of Optum, of UnitedHealthcare have started the year well. We continue to be very focused on the execution of those within those businesses, of course and I think what you're continuing to see, and I hope you've heard some of that in the conversation today and it's certainly reflecting through the results. is the synergy opportunities, which are coming to life between the two organizations, you heard a lot about value-based care, now that whole value-based care model, which we believe is truly capable of transforming experiences, not just for patients, but for physicians and payers. That's a product of the two organizations working together.  The development of in-home care, same thing, very much being led by the two organizations working together. And increasingly, what we're seeing as we strengthen our capabilities in areas like that with our deployment of capital and some of the acquisitions we’ve been making. So for example organizations like naviHealth, Landmark and others, that's then driving strong external growth as well.  So really, really demonstrating how building these kind of fundamental innovations in the way in which care can be thought about, can then not just be attractive to UnitedHealthcare, of course, but also to many other payers and completely reinforces our deep commitment to be a multi-payer organization, building products and services in Optum which work not just for UHC, but for payers across the spectrum. And that's what you're seeing supporting the business. And it supports our confidence in raising the outlook for the rest of this year.  So I hope that gives you a clear sense of that and very much appreciate that final question, Steven. And thank you to everybody else for joining the call this morning. We truly appreciate your interest and your attention. I hope what you heard in the call today is a strong sense of the confidence in our long-term strategy. And as I just said again, an intensely disciplined focus in its execution. We're aiming to create value for consumers, advancing our mission and delivering high-quality diversified growth in this quarter and for many years to come. We look forward to sharing that progress with you again when we next talk in July. Thank you so much, and appreciate your attention today.
John Rex: Good morning, Lisa, it's John. Yes, so in the first quarter, still seeing similar trends in terms of utilization across the different categories you talked about. A little bit higher in commercial. A little bit lower in government programs. But everything kind of trending back more to those baseline levels, overall. And pointing out, as you appropriately noted here, we were still seeing some pockets here of differentiation, such as impedes and emergency department. That's been a trend we've seen, not to the point yet where we'd expect that to continue, but a consumer differences that we've noted. Also on your comment, and Brian will go into this much more deeply, but as it relates to the potential for acuity, this is something we talked about very early on in the pandemic, as people were missing treatments and how might they come back into the system. It's still something we're extremely watchful for across very -- a lot of categories. I spoke specifically to oncology and what we're seeing in those areas. So good to see people getting their screenings. What we haven't seen, though, is this expectation we had for the incidence rates might actually come up because of missed treatments over their earlier period. And, Brian, could you offer a little more commentary.
John Rex: Good morning, Gary, it's John. Yes, it'll be rolling through in the by in the same place that you'd be seeing everything else in terms of how those occur. You're right in terms of how you think about eliminations with UnitedHealthcare business versus external business, which would not be eliminated, of course. But all in the same place in terms of how we would be appropriately reserving for those arrangements.
John Rex: Good morning. Yes, certainly, anything more than 0% interest rates is going to be helpful to us overall as we move in that environment. But it does take some time, as I think as you're accurately pointing out here. So, maybe a few perspectives I could offer on that. Roughly 40% of our $70 billion in cash and investments is tied to floating rates. So, that would be the first cut you'd want to take of that. The other 60% would be in the fixed rate environment. So, as you are alluding to, those will mature and be reinvested at higher rates over time. But not much of that piece would have any year one impact call it, in terms of how 1 would think about that. So, maybe just to give you a hypothetical here. Say you had a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. So, that would impact that 40% or call it roughly $28 billion of cash investments that are tied to floating rates. So, that would be the first place you'd see that. So, put that in the zone of it's really about $28 billion in that component. So, $280 million impact on investment income. Important to note on that, we also have about $10 billion of floating rate liabilities. So, think about the swaps floating the rest of commercial paper. So, that would also have about $100 million offset to that $280 million. So, that would be the zone I'd put you in, if you think about getting 12 months out from a first 100 basis point increase, that would be the zone. The rest of that portfolio, the other 60% will roll off over a period of years, call it, think of that probably maybe $5 billion a year rolling off as those things mature, and that would be the pacing that you should expect.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks, John, and thanks for the question, Lisa. I think John summed it up nicely. As you expected, the quarter was odd in that, obviously, there was stronger levels of hospitalizations and infections in January, and that clearly deteriorated down to a lower level in March, so kind of a tale of two stories inside the quarter. As John alluded to, commercial, a little more close to baseline, with Medicaid being the lowest and Medicare in between. When you think about service type, inpatient running slightly above baseline, but that was really a function of January in those higher hospitalizations that we saw and really encouraged as we look at physician visits, because those accelerated through the quarter, sort of, offsetting and consistent with the reduction in infection levels. On strain dynamics, maybe another thing I'll point out, clearly, less severe in Omicron than what we saw in Delta. We saw hospitalizations at about half the level that we saw. But again, confirming what John said, really no signs of deferred care, and we've been watching this closely throughout the pandemic, looking at screens, diagnosis, severity, progression. And it usually cycles through pretty quickly after we've seen large infections within two to three months to get back to baseline. And that's where we're at right now, leaving the quarter. So feel good about where we're at as we pace forward into the next quarter.
Brian Thompson: Yes, thanks, Dirk. As you might expect, there are good disciplines in management inside UnitedHealthcare that I'm pleased with where we're at, pricing to our forward view of costs being one, including inflation, Obviously, we have some provider agreements that do offer multiyear predictability, but this is less about being insulated from the overall inflation environment and more about our responsibility to drive down that total cost is Dirk alluded to. And I'm more encouraged than ever on things like value-based care, consumer transparency to navigate the system to get to the appropriate side of service, having the tools digitally to ensure we can enable that virtual engagement and post-acute and home innovation to really avoid those expensive hospital stay. So, those are the elements that we can really drive to try to offset the overall cost.
Brian Thompson: Yes. I think similar to what you said, for me, it's less about a number. I will say there's a lot of runway left. It's been about geographic expansion historically. Now it's much more than that. We've moved into duals, it's about complex care, it's about home. So, the breadth and scale is really at the core of it. And UnitedHealthcare is deeply incented to continue this journey with Optum. When you think about our best retention levels, when you think about satisfaction, when you think about where we have the lowest trend that drives the best benefits, the best quality and the best growth, all of those outcomes come when we partner with Optum. So, we're -- we have strong incentives to continue this, and I'm encouraged because there's still a lot of runway left.
Wyatt Decker: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. And Scott, thank you for the question. We are very excited with the combination of LHC Group. I think Andrew said it well. They have a long-standing culture since they're founding in a small community in Louisiana 1994 of commitment to serve others and help people live their healthiest lives in a home care setting. They've developed multiple capabilities, which actually really nicely complement our growing home and community platform that Andrew touched on. So very excited about that. The quality of care that they provide is remarkable. It's a full 33% higher in the stars quality ratings than the national average for home health care just as an example. And we share this commitment to quality and service. So we feel it's a really good alignment. And then building on your question and Andrew's comments, as we weave home healthcare together with the more kind of complex offerings of post-acute care and complex care in the home that we've already brought into our home community platform, we see remarkable synergies, and this will continue to grow. It also begins to address the question of why has it been so hard to have home care be delivered in a value-based construct. And our vision is with these comprehensive set of offerings stitching it together in a way that is differentiated and helps people get better healthcare outcomes. Initially, we'll help deploy them in the post-acute care setting right out of the gate. Thanks for the question.
Wyatt Decker: Sure, Andrew, happy to do it and, Kevin, thanks for the question. What you're really seeing is a result of almost 10 years of building a flywheel that now has significant momentum. We've invested in people, in technology, in data and building out networks and deepening in our established geographies as well as going into new geographies. All of that continues to yield benefits and, frankly, growth. Your question is rate. Is it organic growth that added that additional $100,000? And the answer is, yes. We saw strong results in open enrollment, member retention. And we, of course, have not only four-star plants, but five-star plants that are able to enroll patients year-round. That's also true of duals. And one final point that I'll note is that we are now -- a third of this growth this year is in the dual special needs population. And these are individuals that have difficulty accessing care, and we're able to provide care with home and community, meaning wraparound solutions in their home. So it's another model that helps us grow. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew, and thanks, Josh, for the question. Andrew framed it up very accurately. And so our thinking and frankly, the practice and value-based medicine is evolving as we're able to go into the home, provide virtual care and behavioral care and comprehensive services even that overcome things like social determinants. So in markets like New York state that have primarily been fee-for-service, we do see an opportunity to move to value-based care. And it's a blend of employed physicians and affiliated and contracted physicians. But increasingly, it is bringing all of the solutions that we offer within Optum, including OptumRx and other places in the enterprise and OptumHealth to bear on helping people get the best health care outcomes possible, lower the total cost of care and actually make care very convenient for health care consumers. And that's a differentiated in the marketplace. Thanks.
