Andrew Witty: Thanks, John. Our comments on this call gives us a flavor of why we’re confident in our outlook for the year and our long-term 13% to 16% earnings per share growth target. Our growth is broad-based and it’s driven within and increasingly across our businesses bolstered, as always, by an enterprise focus on execution on behalf of those we serve. With that, operator, let’s open it up for questions. One per caller please.
Andrew Witty: Thanks, Heather. And all of that said, I think what is also really validating here, A.J., just look at the growth rate in the first quarter, 15% growth. It really reflects the competitiveness of the portfolio we have. And as I talk to our clients, what they really appreciate is the degree to which we’re innovating the pharmacy model, more and more transparency, more and more pressure on bringing down those costs. That’s why people are moving to us, and it’s why they’re not leaving us, record levels of retention within this portfolio. And just as a marker, about half of our revenues in the OptumRx portfolio come from non-PBM activities. That’s all the stuff that Heather just referred to at the second part. She runs a super nicely balanced business, great growth profile because we’re delivering for clients and for their members and employees. So A.J., thanks for raising that question. It’s an important topic, and we appreciate having the chance to share it. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Lisa, it’s a great question. I think, actually, it would be super interesting to hear from the UnitedHealthcare perspective on that. So I may just ask Brian Thompson, the CEO of UHC, to comment there, please.
Andrew Witty: Nathan, thanks so much for the question. So listen, I think as you sort of step back here, a couple of things I would probably just want to make super clear. First off, we really appreciate CMS’ decision to phase-in these changes. That was important and we are very glad to see that. It really allows for the transition to be managed effectively, really we think and a bit – certainly, our goal is to have a transition here, which really protects the beneficiaries, make sure that it doesn’t in any way kind of damage the program. Of course, it requires us to do things a little differently in some areas. But fundamentally, we think that was really important and we very, very much appreciate that. As we kind of look out to 2024, we are going to be guided by two really important principles here, Nathan. Number one, we are going to be doing what’s absolutely right for the beneficiaries as we always do, so that’s going to guide us in terms of how we are active. And number two, we are going to be driving to sustain our robust membership growth in this space. We believe this is an incredibly important program for seniors. We think value-based care as a piece of this program is a crucial and best way of managing members to give them the best quality outcome, best experience and best cost outcome. Given our established capabilities and our ability to focus on cost management as well as the broad portfolio of value-based services, clinics, in-house activities provided by Optum, we feel super confident in our ability to manage the evolving funding landscape. So, overall yes, it’s changed, but kind of this change every year, this is a little different change to the changes we have had in other years, but it’s all – these programs are always evolving. We feel, given the portfolio of capabilities we have, super well equipped to be able to pull different levers to be responsive to this to make sure that we can look after beneficiaries. I would also say that the experience we have seen in Optum, the popularity of value-based care for physicians, the way in which they like to be able to concentrate and focus on patients longitudinally, so really think about how to understand, diagnose, prevent, treat, manage that patient through the whole cycle rather than just sporadically through a fee-for-service intervention, that’s a sustaining popular thing. We brought in about 10,000 or more new clinicians last year between physicians and advanced practice clinicians. I think we are going to do about the same this year. Honestly, we are seeing significant numbers of people coming in. And we would continue to expect to see value-based care continue to be a very important part of the future growth of the marketplace and of course, for us. So, as we sit today, of course we have to do things to respond to the changing environment. We feel good about our ability to do it. And I appreciate the question, Nathan. Next question.
Andrew Witty: So, Lance, thanks so much for the question. Let me just make a couple of upfront comments, and then I will ask Dr. Wyatt Decker, who looks after Optum Health, to give you a little more detail. So first off, you are seeing now as we head towards the full year here, 4 million or so fully capitated lives within Optum Health, so under full delegation. That’s an incredible progression over the last 2 years or 3 years. It’s what’s really – you can see a real differentiation. Super important to remember that, that is being supported not just by clinics, oftentimes people think about just clinics. Within Optum Health, this is really broadly integrated support service. So, this could be Optum at Home. This is in the clinic, it’s behavioral, it’s virtual. It’s a really comprehensive set of capabilities that underpin that and we believe provides fantastic service for the members who are delegated. You see that growth rate continuing to be super strong, 700,000 already transferred this year. It’s extraordinary first quarter for Optum Health. As you step back and look underneath the hood of all of that, of course, UHC is a big piece of it. But there is a very substantial non-UHC delegation quantum in there, which continues to grow well. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, an increase in diversification of that value base as a treatment strategy as it moves into commercial risk and also Medicaid. So, really important diversification. Maybe just talk a little bit why, give a little more detail in terms of how you are thinking about the next year or so.
Andrew Witty: Kevin, thanks so much for the question. So, to your first point, no, you are absolutely right. We remain firmly of the view that the 13% to 16% long-term growth rate of adjusted earnings per share is very much the zone we are in. We – you see that again in this quarter. We continue to believe that is very much in our horizon as we go forward. Obviously, any given quarter might vary around that, but that very much is the zone we expect and I made that comment a little bit earlier, so for sure on that. Listen, as far as this – the phase-in come, this will all depend – different companies will behave differently, I suspect, through all of this. And we see, of course the change here, we will be making changes to some things in our costs and other areas, as Brian talked about earlier on. Other providers may choose to do things differently. How it plays out, I think is actually going to be a little bit of a competitive environment, actually. And I think not something we probably want to get too much into in terms of predicting or sharing exactly how we are going to respond to this. We are getting close to a bid cycle. It’s a super important time. We are deeply fixated on making sure that we continue to grow. To do that, we need to make sure that our bids are super competitive. And we are working on that, and we will work our way through it. And as I said earlier, the phase-in gives us confidence that we can align with where CMS wants to end up in a way which gives the best chance of beneficiaries being looked after appropriately, and that’s what we want to try and do. Thanks so much for the question. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Dan, thank you so much. And I just might add something here, Erin, as well. I mean I think you can see in this Q, you saw it as we rolled into the second half of last year, we are optimistic for the rest of this year. I said earlier that we are expecting continued robust growth on commercial insurance into ‘24. We really feel like this engine has let up again and it’s super important for the organization. Alongside the fantastic growth you are seeing in the government books of business in Medicaid and Medicare. We are now seeing the commercial business really come to the fore again, which is a fantastic thing to see within the company. What you have also just heard a little bit is the way in which Optum is developing its capabilities to be ready to add even more value to the commercial. So, just as that Optum business has built up strength to complement UHC’s leadership in Medicare, for example, you just heard Dr. Decker talking about doing the same thing in commercial. As that growth comes in from Dan’s organization, you can see how that could play out. It’s a super important shift and having all those engines fire in simultaneously is really good for us, and it’s what’s driving this growth we are seeing in Q1. So, thanks for the question, Erin. Next question.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Ben, thanks so much for the question. Yes, obviously, I can’t get into the detail of the regulatory review. But a couple of things to say. So, for a long time, many years, Optum has had a business in the UK. Obviously, the UK is a very different type of marketplace to the U.S., but it has a couple of interesting – very interesting components. One is you have got very much a primary care-dominated environment, which is obviously very akin to big pieces of Optum Health. And it’s also a marketplace which has looked to develop its abilities around data and connectivity. EMIS, which is the company we are very keen to partner with, we think could be a very important complement to Optum capabilities, particularly as it speaks to helping us connect some of our software capabilities, data analytic capabilities to primary care providers. About 40% of British primary care providers are connected into the EMIS networks. We think that gives a great opportunity to bring fantastic value to the physician practices and then ultimately to the National Health Service. And what we would like to believe if we are able to go through that transaction is that, it can really allow us to start to create another node of innovation alongside all of our other technology platforms to start to develop technology software platforms and the like, which not only could be used in a market like the UK, but in other economies around the world which perhaps have slightly different shaped healthcare systems to the U.S. healthcare system. So, we see this as good for the UK. We think it’s potentially an interesting opportunity to further enhance our investments and progress in technology and software development. And it’s why we are keen to continue the process to get the transaction done. And obviously, we will be working diligently on that. Thanks so much for the question, Ben. Next question please.
Andrew Witty: So, David, thanks so much for the question. So, you are quite right, the eliminations are a big piece of that is the Optum Health-UHC dynamic and not surprising because you see such a high risk transfer in Q1. A large fraction of that 700,000 is UHC, not obviously, others as well, but a large fraction. And of course, within that, as we have guided last year, significant proportion of dual special need patients who – most complex patients, really, I think particularly appropriate patients to benefit from a value-based care approach where you have a really integrated wraparound serve capabilities. So, it’s certainly true on all of that. I am going to slightly disagree with your premise here. We are not in the business of targeting a certain type of member or patient. We want to look after Medicare patients and members, whether they are community MA, whether they are dual special need, whether they are complex or not, whether they are early in their disease in an aging patent or advanced in their disease and an aging part. And then the job for our organization is to mix and match our capabilities to do that as efficiently as possible. And the great thing about Optum Health, David, is that we have such an interesting portfolio of capabilities, which allow us to dial up and down our activities in response to what the patient needs and the way in which they need to be looked after. So, I would say, we are going to be continuing to lean in across the board. It’s just as important to us to grow in dual special needs as well as community MA. And I would say that the progress we make in terms of impacting these folks’ lives and the reason why over 90% of members describe this as a high-satisfaction space is because they – these people need the support at this stage of their life. And we think that between the programs that UHC offer and then the backup that Optum Health brings in terms of deep clinical engagement really makes a difference, and that’s what drives us. David, appreciate the question. Thank you very much. I am afraid we are at the end of the call. I hope you leave this call with a sense of our optimism and focus on continued growth for the year ahead. We remain intent on expanding our ability to help improve healthcare at the system and individual levels and executing with excellence for all those we serve. And we look forward to sharing our progress on this journey with you again in July. In the meantime, thank you so much for your questions and your attention this morning. Thank you.
Brian Thompson: Sure, Andrew. Hey, Lisa, good morning. Let me start with the trends that we’re seeing here in 2023 are as planned, overall medical and pharmacy. It’s really a good start to the year with our assumptions being validated as we kick off 2023. With respect to GLP, obviously, a lot of discussion. I would say no real change to either our insights or our position. We have seen an increase in trend in GLP-1s. The overwhelming majority of that is in diabetic care, and it is as we had expected, low single digits in terms of weight loss use. I would say that our on-label usage has been well managed with our authorization requirements. And I think it’s important to put it in the context of our overall medical. Keep in mind, pharmacy is about 20% of our overall spend in any one therapeutic class. This one certainly included less than 1%. So increased year-over-year, overwhelming majority in diabetic care, well managed in terms of off-label use and consistent with what we had planned for.
Brian Thompson: Hey, Steven, thanks for the question. Yes, beginning in the third quarter of this year, we will be eliminating about 20% of our authorization volumes overall. We’re also going to be eliminating most medical authorizations altogether for provider groups and systems that have demonstrated a high-quality care and adherence to the requirements over time. I’d say that might be another 10% of our volumes overall. We will continue to evaluate with some new analytics that we have in partnership with OptumInsight and surveillance capabilities to see if there’s some additional opportunities over time. Really, though, this is a culmination of a lot of things. And first and foremost, I would say it’s our intensifying focus on the consumer experience, really a desire for us to streamline processes, get the latency out of the process and like I said, leverage new technologies to really get to speed of decisioning and really get to point of care. I will say, we are constantly reviewing our prior authorizations, but we need to balance, obviously, what we reduce with that need to guard against clinical quality and patient safety. And I would say in this really robust process that we’ve started here over the last several months that it’s really demonstrated the importance of the authorizations that we do have in place, so really encouraged by our surveillance capabilities. Don’t anticipate any pressure on trend because of it and really see this as a win and satisfier for both our customers and our provider groups alike.
Brian Thompson: Hey Josh. Thanks for the question. I will just reiterate, I think what Andrew said. Certainly, this 3-year phase-in gives us an opportunity to minimize this impact on beneficiaries. And I will just reiterate the optimism that Andrew shared. Because of that, that gives us time to really evaluate our cost structure. First and foremost, I think that’s the consideration that we are deeply focused on to make sure that we manage this impact. Look, it’s not the first time that we have had to navigate a rate environment like this. So, I will just say we remain optimistic about MA and the value prop that it has broadly. We certainly feel very good about our market position in it. We intend to grow again in 2024, as Andrew had said. We expect the marketplace to continue to grow in 2024. And we continue to lead with the strong momentum that we have demonstrated for many years now. So, we are obviously in the middle of our benefit planning, but I can just share with you that we are encouraged and optimistic.
