David Wichmann: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Six weeks ago, we had the privilege of spending the day with many of you at our annual investor conference providing an in-depth look at the accelerating opportunities we see to serve more people, more deeply and to grow strongly into 2020 and well beyond. As we conclude 2019 and step into the New Year, the performance of our business strengthens our confidence in the themes, opportunities and outlooks of that day, as evidenced by today’s results. We remain highly focused on driving affordability, innovating with consumer and customer responsive products and services, improving operating performance and advancing NPS. Full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share were stronger than our investor conference outlook growing 17% for the year to $15.11 per share. Full year revenues exceeded $242 billion growing $16 billion over 2018 with notable gains in our Medicare, care delivery and pharmacy care services businesses. Full year cash flows were $18.5 billion or 1.3x net income. We finished the year encouraged by continued performance improvement in Medicaid. Early market interest in our new innovative line of employer sponsored benefit offerings and 2020 individual Medicare Advantage annual enrollment results, which were our strongest ever. Within our Medicare Advantage offerings including dual eligible growth, we expect to serve nearly 700,000 more people in 2020, the upper end of the range of performance offered at our investor conference. Our fourth quarter medical and operating cost positions continued to improve meaningfully enterprise-wide with ample opportunity for further progress on both of these fronts and our NPS improved nicely in 2019 across our businesses, particularly within network care providers, enrollees in Medicare Advantage and dual special needs plans as well as patients served by our OptumCare and pharmacy care services businesses. Improved costs and higher satisfaction propelled by meaningful innovation allow us to contribute more comprehensively to the development and deployment of the kind of next generation health system needed in the U.S. and globally, a more forward-looking modern health system built around the people we serve seamlessly woven into their lives, simple, convenient, transparent and compassionate, a health system that is more affordable creates the better experience for both patients and physicians and improves health outcomes. The health system we are helping to build will better meet the personalized needs of people. It leverages the next generation data analytics such as the individual health record to empower patients and their doctors with actionable intelligence that drives next best actions to improve decision-making in real time. We are committed to a future where every person has access to high-quality affordable healthcare that meets their unique healthcare needs and financial means. We are employing specific actions to help achieve this driving better health outcomes and aiming ultimately to reduce the healthcare cost trends to general inflation levels even with an aging, more chronically ill population. Notably, the bipartisan repeal of the ACA taxes in December was the strongest step towards improving affordability for Americans. It will greatly assist those who have been most affected by the cost of those taxes, especially seniors, small employers and those who are individually insured. As we continue to do better for those we serve, we will grow helping improve the health system, one person at a time intensely focused on driving improved consumer and physician experiences. Looking to the years ahead, our strengthening capabilities and diversified complementary businesses operating in the large growing healthcare market positioned us well to achieve our long-term adjusted earnings per share growth rate objective of 13% to 16%, while we continue as always to invest in the future for sustainable, market-leading performance and advancing shareholder returns. With that, let me turn it to UnitedHealth Group President and Optum Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Witty to discuss Optum’s results and momentum heading into the New Year.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. As you can tell, we are confident in the outlook for our diversified and growing enterprise for 2020 and beyond. Our businesses remained strong and well-positioned for continued balanced growth by delivering even higher levels of suicidal value. We remain committed to our mission and an intense focus on serving one person at a time at increasing levels of value, more affordable, better outcomes and improved experiences while generating strong returns for you, our shareholders. Operator, let’s open it up for questions, one, per caller please.
David Wichmann: Good question, Scott. Thank you. Dirk McMahon will start and then Heather Cianfrocco can discuss Medicaid.
David Wichmann: And just to add on to that a little bit, Scott, we won also in Kentucky, we are pleased to win obviously, that’s being re-bid now, but we will hopefully prevail in the end there as well and it’s a strong RFP season for Medicaid broadly. And I see the business having come around to being positioned with its turnaround just in time to compete ferociously for that business. So we are pretty bullish about the opportunity that exists in Medicaid and I think we are well positioned to grow. Thanks for the question, Scott. Next question please.
David Wichmann: And I might add overall, Peter, that we are bullish obviously overall on the outlook for both Medicare Advantage, but also the dual special needs marketplace as well. They are both very larger today and growing in markets. MA is clearly outperforming fee-for-service in terms of overall benefit coverages and the quality of outcomes and the returns that people are getting in terms of their overall satisfaction. And so no surprise that it is performing as well and seems to be gaining some momentum. So we look forward to continuing to compete hopefully growing at these levels, if not higher going forward. Next question please.
David Wichmann: I might just add to that just slightly, Josh, that UnitedHealthcare is working on physician enablement as well. This is what the core of Dirk’s commentary this morning was around Point of Care Assist. This is why we built and deployed the IHR and this is why we focus essentially in our investor conference around the way in which we engage both the digital and physical realms to AI enabled people to be able to operate much more effectively and serve their patients. So thanks for the question.
David Wichmann: Kevin, Dave again, if I can just add, so if North Carolina were to get pushed to 2021, it would not affect our expectations for the year, our guidance would stay the same. It is – as it comes out of the shoot it’s a relatively modest margin product, market as is often the case. So we wouldn’t expect any material impact on our expectations of the year. Thank you. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Great. I will touch on the HIT and then Wyatt Decker will comment on OptumHealth. So overall, the HIT, we are as I said in the prepared remarks, we are pleased that this would go away. Obviously, it’s great for seniors, families of small businesses and individual insurers as well on average for couple – senior couples $500 to $600 pretty much carries out the same for a family of four that’s sponsored by a small business. And so obviously, this has strong economic impact on these families and individuals. So it’s terrific to see it gets repealed. The other thing about it is it removes the excessive volatility. I am you are as fatigued with it as we are, it’s in, it’s out, and but more important in all of that is that, it affects the volatility of pricing in the marketplace as well. So hopefully we will see that stabilize as we get through 2020 and into 2021 as well. Just before I go to discuss 2021 and what our strategies maybe with respect to how we handle this, obviously, it’s important that the tax value gets back into the hands of people. That’s what it was intended to do and that’s what we intend to accomplish overall. And as John already indicated, while it has a drag on earnings for 2020 we are not changing our outlook as a result of that. That is small item in the broad scheme of things. And I think we are to discuss flu with OptumHealth.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Wyatt. Just I want to clarify one thing that Ricky asked and I am not so sure we answered it correctly. It’s really about whether or not in Diplomat, the proposed transaction is in our numbers for 2021 and – or 2020 and the answer to that is no, it would not be in there. We don’t include transaction in our forecast until they closed. So that is not included in there. And as soon as it does close the quarter following we will update our forecast accordingly. This is one of the reasons why we talked about the impact of capital deployment on our growth rate and how it can advance during the year because of transactions. In this case, it will be very, very modest, but nonetheless, I just wanted to make sure we have that clarification. Thank you. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Dirk and team at UnitedHealthcare are doing a wonderful job on affordability broadly in medical cost. Obviously, they are interested in getting healthcare to be much more affordable and the collaboration between Optum UnitedHealthcare has never been stronger in that front. Optum has really stepped in as they do with all the third-party health plans as well. It’s really assist in driving this broad-based agenda across the company. We have time for two more questions. Next question please.
David Wichmann: John Rex you, maybe just, I know that was pretty complex in terms of quarterly progression and we expected that. So John, you just want to make sure that everybody understands that well.
David Wichmann: So there is no change to full year guidance. John tried to layout for you our first half last half would be and then within the first half what the proportions would be as well. So you should be able to get a pretty good sense of things from all of that recognizing oftentimes things don’t shoot quite that straight. So plus or minus would probably be a worthwhile range to put around whatever point estimate you come up with. Thank you very much Gary. Next question please.
David Wichmann: Great question, Sarah. Thank you so much. I will go ahead and close now. Thank you all for your questions. Sorry, we can’t get to everyone today. As you heard this morning, we remain confident in our outlook for 2020 and beyond. Our diversified and complementary businesses are strong and well-positioned for continued balanced growth by delivering even higher levels of societal value, while generating strong returns for you, our shareholders. Thank you and this concludes today’s call.
Dirk McMahon: Thank you, Andrew. UnitedHealthcare is deeply embedded in every aspect of the health system from how to finance and pay for healthcare to engaging people and aligning incentives to promote healthier behaviors and better medicine to improve overall health at lower cost. UnitedHealthcare revenues grew by more than $10 billion to $194 billion in 2019. Operating earnings increased by 13% or $1.2 billion to $10.3 billion led by the strength in our Medicare and dual special needs businesses. As Dave noted, we are off to a strong start in Medicare Advantage this year. I would like to quickly share how we are helping to build the better health system: first, improving affordability; second, engaging and serving people; third, advancing product innovation; and fourth, serving through hands-on data-driven clinical care. Let’s start with affordability because that is the gating factor for greater access to care and improving the consumer experience. One of our goals is to engage more deeply with the highest performing physicians and other clinicians to advance both quality and affordability. We know these high-performing providers achieve considerably better health outcomes, while lowering the total cost of care. Our medical cost trend over the last 5 years has strongly outperformed financial average. We are committed to driving significantly lower rates in healthcare spending growth than the industry. We see billions of additional dollars in potential savings for consumers and customers from areas such as out site of service initiatives and more deeply embedding digital tools to reduce the administrative burden for physicians. We are also using digital and physical strategies to engage consumers in new ways to simplify their experience, reduce their financial burden, and lower the total cost of care. For example, for the nearly 1.5 million people enrolled in our motion program, we offer incentives for increased individual mobility. People can earn more than $1,000 a year when they achieve defined walking frequency and intensity targets. People enrolled in motion are achieving better health at a meaningfully lower cost that is why we are expanding this program and extending product designs that rewards stronger consumer engagement and align incentives with their doctor. The third area is product innovation. We are seeing early signs of customer interest in our innovative new offerings in consumer centric products that better aligns to the unique needs and financial means of people, while engaging them in managing their health. Some examples are Harmony, a new collaboration with OptumCare providers, unites high-quality care and coverage, creating a more integrative and effective consumer experience with as much as 20% savings for our fully insured customers; All Savers offers small employers with highly flexible, affordable health plans and reduces employee out-of-pocket cost with low or no preventative and primary care coverage; NexusACO enables large employers to offer a single ACO based plan nationwide incentivizing employees to choose high-performing providers and driving better outcomes through care coordination; Bind, provides first dollar coverage and allows people to add coverage on demand for plant procedures offered by high value providers following rigorous care pathways based on best known science, while costing approximately 15% less than comparable plans. And finally, our virtual first product is attracted to the digital first generation. This new product offers zero dollar co-pay, 24/7 virtual care support at a lower price than traditional products. These are some examples of our innovation focus and health benefits and you should expect more as we redouble our efforts to engage consumers in more impactful ways and accelerate our growth in this category. Lastly, we are deploying relevant information at the point of care to improve the way care is received and managed. Point of Care Assist is a tool that puts real-time patient information at the fingertips of doctors in their EMRs providing a seamless clinical workflow experience. This improves adherence to clinical protocols, facilitates real-time authorization approvals and helps refer the patient to premium designated specialists. The utility of this tool is significant for all as doctors save time and money, consumers avoid cost surprises, and most importantly, health outcomes are improved. As we look to 2020 and beyond, there was a $900 billion untapped managed care market opportunity in health benefits, much of it in government programs where we have grown strongly and we look to serve more people more deeply across the system. Now, I will turn it over to John Rex, CFO of UnitedHealth Group.
Dirk McMahon: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the question, Scott. So, we will be down a little bit in enrollment for 01/01/20 in both the fully insured and ASO areas. But as throughout the course of the year, we expect to gain membership in both areas that we have previously guided in December. As we look at 2020 we are going to continue with the pricing discipline that I have previously talked about as we balance enrollment growth with our margin expectations. We remain focused on delivering a unique value proposition for our customers and the consumer. Just to tell you, we are optimistic for next year, I mean in fully insured, expect strength in individual products in their middle-market, as I look at your ASO block, I look at our All Savers and I look at our middle-market as well. And with that, turn over to Heather on Medicaid.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. As we think about medical costs, you mentioned very effectively site of service being rolled that out to a lot more codes in November, knees and procedures like that. We are also very focused on our network negotiations to try to drive unit costs lower in many areas. As we look at our trend, two-thirds of unit costs, the network is at the start of that. We are doing a lot of work in terms of increasing consumer engagement providing with them with effective decision tools to rally in our other apps portal to other digital properties to drive the right movements and also got to thank Optum, a lot of work with our clinical models driving savings as well as payment integrity as Andrew mentioned in his remarks. So, we really have a full forward press on affordability. We think that is a primary driver of our ability to price effectively in the market and actually provide access for consumers and employers and everyone, so a lot of work on the affordability front.
John Rex: Thank you, Dirk. This morning, we reported full year revenues of $242 billion, up $15.9 billion or 7% year-over-year driven by double-digit revenue growth in Medicare and across Optum. Fourth quarter adjusted net earnings of $3.90 per share grew 19% and brought full year earnings to $15.11, growth of 17%. Cash flows from operations of $18.5 billion grew 18% over 2018 to 1.3x net income better than anticipated partly due to timing factors. Our balance sheet return metrics remained strong with return on equity of almost 26%. We ended the year with a debt to capital ratio of around 40%, even with over $10 billion of deployment for business combinations and CapEx, $5.5 billion in share repurchases and a 20% dividend increase. Medical reserves developed favorably in the fourth quarter by $270 million, including a $150 million from 2019. Overall, medical costs were well managed, resulting in an 82.5% medical care ratio for full year 2019. We continue to be highly attentive to operating costs as part of our overall affordability agenda. In 2019, our operating cost ratio of 14.5% improved 50 basis points, reflecting 60 basis points of operating cost productivity and the deferral of the health insurance tax partially offset by the effect of business mix changes and continued investments in innovation, service and growth. We enter 2020 with diversified growth momentum, balance sheet strength and financial flexibility. On earnings progression, we continue to expect 47% to 48% of full year earnings per share to be realized in the first half of the year, a point to keep in mind on that quarterly progression. 2019’s first quarter has one fewer work day than 2018’s resulting in a higher earnings level. This year, the first quarter had a more normal mix, but then adds an extra day due to leap year. Taken together, the day count shifting has a year-over-year impact on the medical care ratio of about 80 basis points. This will result in the first quarter 2020 MCR running higher than the second quarter and earnings per share progressing accordingly, with just under 55% of the first half earnings expected to be realized in the second quarter. These impacts of course were fully contemplated in that 2020 outlook we have provided at the beginning of December. For full year 2020, we continue to expect revenues to approach $262 billion and adjusted net earnings per share in a range of $16.25 to $16.55. Consistent with our prior practices, we will more formally address these and other expectations after the first quarter. With that, I will turn it back to Dave.
John Rex: Hey, Justin. Good morning. Yes, I think I would point out a few things here. You are correct, it did come in just a little bit better than our guidance at the investor conference and a few things to note, first, I’d call it broadly across the businesses as we continue to see the impact of the affordability initiatives that we have been very focused having traction and having impacts. So broadly across that, I think it’s fair to say also that we certainly did see some continued improved in our Medicaid businesses, that’s a place that we have been focused on for a while here and that was also a contributor. But broadly, I would say, across our businesses as we saw those affordability initiatives having traction.
John Rex: Hey, Ricky. John Rex here. So in terms of those elements you mentioned, I’d say both immaterial in the scope of our company. You are correct, yes, when we guided to 2020 initially, the repeal of the HIT was the health insurance tax had not yet occurred, but I would call that immaterial to us, yes, there is some impact, but not material in terms of modest headwinds in the scheme of our company, not something that we would call out. Also in terms of the Diplomat, the pending Diplomat acquisition also, I would call that immaterial really no impact, really neutral in terms of our 2020 outlook.
John Rex: Sure, Gary. Good morning. Let me give you a little more color in terms of the impact that occurs as we go into that, but I described kind of some of the impacts with workdays content and how that flows. And just in terms of thinking about that, so when value different days with different medical costs, weekends versus weekdays even versus different days of the week. In terms of what I was describing there, it actually comes out to it, it’s a little – it’s not two days, it’s more than one day, it’s about 1.3 days of impact in terms of the workday content is where it fall then to when you flow into a leap year like that and that pattern, typically of course repeats. So that’s kind of the element that flows into that. Then if you consider the other elements we talked about at – when we talk to our full year MCR progression and year-over-year progression, we talked about the impact of the health insurance tax of 140 basis points and that impact and then we talked about mix impacts also that occur over the course of the year. So those are really kind of the cores that are as we consider, as we consider where we would expect the medical care ratio to be lining up here as we look at the first half of the year. I hope that gives you a little extra color.
John Rex: First quarter pick. I think I kind of just described it actually pretty, pretty hopefully fairly clearly there in terms of the roll forward and how you would approach that. So if you take the components of the math that I just gave you I think that should get you to a first quarter pick.
John Rex: Sarah thanks for the question. As you know, we are committed to driving to a strategy around negotiating with the clients of a transparent model where more and more of our services are coming from administrative fees and value-based arrangements. Our clients decide how they want to pay for our services. So when we bid on a deal and for our client, we give them an opportunity either to pay through administrative fee or with spread or traditional. So it’s the client choice. So as you look at it, we don’t have a preference about where we want to go up in business model. We are in different on how a client wanted to choose it. In terms of the commercial market, the trend in the market hasn’t changed in the last several years. So actually the client is not going to move one way or the other in terms of spread versus administrative fee. As you look at the Medicaid market, there has been a trend over the last three years where more and more of the state organizations and have been moving to administrative fees. So if you looked at our client base 3 years ago, majority would have been spread. If you look at it today, less than a quarter is in spread and actually we expect that to almost disappear as you look out next year or 2 years. So from us when they actually impact our financials, I won’t speculate about what will happen in Washington, but we are well positioned from a business standpoint.
John Prince: Lance thanks for the question. As you look at the fourth quarter, the margin was elevated as expected. So when we gave our guidance at Investor Day, we are expecting a operating earnings margin around 6.3%, 6.4%. So, it’s exactly what we expected. Why it was elevated is exactly what you mentioned was the loss of the large client, where we lost the revenue, but we didn’t really impact our operating earnings. The second driver was the supply chain strength in terms of our – continue to negotiate with pharma manufacturers as well as the supply chain to get value to pass on to our clients. And so that was the other key driver for us. As you look to 2020 guidance, you should expect our operating earnings margin to fallback to where we have guided at Investor Day with 5.1% to 5.2%, so that should be your expectation. It was more of an anomaly what happened in Q4 as expected.
John Prince: Thanks, Ricky. John Prince. In terms of the other pieces on Part D and other components, that’s as expected. So I think we are not changing our guidance for 2020. What we expected in terms of Part D and Diplomat was built into our guidance and so we are comfortable with our expectations.
John Prince: Steven it’s John Prince. Just maybe touch a bit more on why we are doing the deal, because I think that’s really at the core of it which was to better serve individuals that have complex diseases like oncology, immunology and specialized infusion therapy. When you look at the capabilities of Diplomat around specialty pharmacy and infusion, it fits well with the strategy of OptumRx focused on these unique populations that need better volume, helping improve their drug cost, improving their health outcomes and overall value of care and doing it in a compassionate way. So, we think it is a good fit of our two businesses that come together to better serve the key needs in the market. And so as we have talked about before strategically especially drug cost is a key focus for the future as well as polyclinics and I think that strategically fits very well. We are obviously still little ways away from closing the transaction. We are actively doing our planning for that. And we will be ready to start that as we conclude the transaction in the first quarter.
