Stephen Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. I think at this point, it's important to acknowledge something we don't do enough and that's the tremendous effort of our employees and the efforts they make to bring our mission into the day-to-day reality of helping people live healthier lives and helping make the health system work better for everyone. They exhibit the values we share across this Company as they do that work, values of integrity, compassion, innovation, relationships and performance. Our thanks to their commitment and hard work.  As we move toward 2017, our enterprise is well-positioned. You can hear the optimism in Larry and Dave's commentary today and see it in the consistency of our performance. Our businesses are aligned to important market trends and delivering value to the increasing number of customers and people we serve. There is still a long way to go to serve at the peak of our potential. It is up to us to execute and we are privileged to have that opportunity.  Thank you for your interest this morning. Operator, we can now take questions. Again, one per analyst, please. 
Stephen Hemsley: Our commentary today was an attempt to be pretty positive about 2017 and I think the commentary about if momentum continues and we have every reason to believe that it will, l that we can be even stronger, but I really think that whole conversation really should -- is better had more face-to-face at the Investor Conference. So our purpose today is to give you some positive body language on 2017, but really the further conversation is at the Investor Conference. So if you kind of take it from that spirit, that's the right way. 
Stephen Hemsley: We think we spent more on Stars, but we also get benefits from Stars, the performance in Stars has really been highlighted and-- 
Stephen Hemsley: Very stable, so stability is the order of the day in terms of approach. This is a business that was challenging a few years back and has been brought back into line. So very positive. 
Stephen Hemsley: So I don't think there's anything that's -- and nor do we plan to stray from that, so our capital allocation approaches are perfectly consistent. 
Stephen Hemsley: I would say we should be a little bit retrospect with respect to our view of how states will approach Exchanges and how Exchanges will play out in the new administration, so we're really not interested in commenting on that. What I would say is that our agenda here has been very focused on solid opportunities for access around simplifying the environment in total, about going into managing the costs and keeping the affordability of these programs more relevant to the marketplace and to really kind of lean to the programs that have really worked extremely well. Medicaid has been a very significant success of the ACA and wherever that has played out, those markets have actually been more stable and better performing. And Medicare continues to be a core program of the country and that funding for both Medicare and Medicaid is something that we have been advocating consistency and stability of it. Kind of those themes are what we have stayed with. I think commenting beyond that, particularly as new administrations take hold and so forth, our posture is to be very constructive about making the marketplace work most effectively and serving the most number of individuals and making that system simpler and more usable for everybody. So I think beyond commenting on that level, I don't think we are going to get into what's going to happen going forward on either a state basis or federal. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, as usual, Sheryl, your questions almost don't need answers. We are a profoundly different value proposition. We are -- we try to bring value to the marketplace through a much more diversified proposition and that each year, gets more effective, more integrated, more mature. And I think that, as Dave said in his commentary, six or seven years of steady growth in the UnitedHealthcare business, the growth across all of the platforms. It is a different proposition and I think that's -- really just sums it up. I won't go further than that. And again, we just have to prove that every quarter, in terms of our own performance, our execution, the consistency of our growth and the consistency of our financial performance, as we continue to grow and expand the business and they are still a lot of opportunity.  We are far from our full potential and generally, when we conclude these sessions with you, we have an internal meeting talking about how much better we should be doing and could be doing if we performed to full potential. So we are going to continue on that path and pleased to perform consistently this quarter. Expect to do it into the finish of the year. Have a positive attitude on 2017 and we're just going to keep working on that level so that, I think, it's a good way to close out the call. So we thank you for the conversation today. I think we've delivered a strong third quarter. We reported solid growth in virtually every business across both Optum and UnitedHealthcare. We are going to leverage this forward momentum and expect to close 2016 with a real energy and drive strong and sustained performance into 2017. We will continue to elevate the quality of our service. I think that's really important for us. We are very focused on NPS and quality performance to bring that to customers and to bring it to providers, improve the healthcare experience for consumers and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Our Investor Conference in November is just a few weeks away and we have held back a number of things this morning so that we can have a robust conversation with you in November. And we look forward to that. So thank you for your participation this morning. 
John Rex: Yes, absolutely expect those seasonal patterns to continue, as we've seen over the years. If anything, when you think about where the bias of sales to and growth is within the Optum businesses, that should be an actual outcome in terms of that seasonality persisting. So what you want to think about there in terms of businesses that have that type of pattern, think about some of the quality solutions businesses, data sales and analytics, the timing and delivery of the large deals and certainly, seeing plenty of large deals across the spectrum this year, some of the networks solutions businesses. All of those businesses are typically second-half weighted in terms of their performance and that's a pattern that we would expect to persist. 
John Rex: Just a little bit on OCR. First of all, I would say that in line with our view here in terms of how we trended in the 3Q, so the first perspective being from 2Q to 3Q, there was a sequential increase of about 60 basis points in the OCR and that is typical of what we see as we move into the open enrollment period and the investments and spend to prepare for that as the season began. So that is a typical move. And I think you're referring particularly to the year-over-year move of a 30 basis point increase. That's, as you stated, primarily driven by increased investments. I cite a few places where we were making investments in the quarter.  Things you may have heard us referred to in the past and maybe you've been familiar with, the ongoing Stars investments, medical affordability and clinical investments, specific businesses that we've been very vocal on in terms of where we expect to grow and invest such as the OptumCare businesses. And then I would put up costs related to preparing for the growth we expect in 2017 across a number of the businesses, within our senior businesses, in M&R, some of the Optum businesses where you've seen there have been very -- some significant new business awards for next year as we prepare for that. Just a general upward pressure also that we see fee comparisons growth. All of this, as you would expect from us normally on offset partially by the productivity gains that we've logged. So within our expectations, if I sum it up and those are the types of investments that we're making. 
John Rex: Josh, particularly on share repurchase, but for the year, we had anticipated $1 billion to $1.5 billion in total share repurchase. In the first half, we did about $1 billion so we anticipated that we would be slowing meaningfully in the second half of the year. We repurchased about $140 million in the third quarter, so consistent in terms of our full-year expectations in that $1 billion to $1.5 billion range. Nearer term, you're right. We've been focused on delevering our balance sheet and applying more than free cash flow to debt reduction but the pattern that you've seen this year, consistent with kind of how we've approached the year in terms of our share repurchase activities. 
Mark Thierer: I appreciate the question and I would say that the one thing our clients are focused on and hiring us to do is to manage their pharmacy costs. One of the reasons I'm excited about this business is there is no one in the industry who has the data, analytic and delivery assets, really, that Optum possesses and so you mentioned synchronization. And as you know, this is a data-driven approach. It's been central to the wins that we posted this year from some very large and sophisticated buyers. So this is a new approach and we do think we're redefining pharmacy care services, taking pharmacy data, coupling it and linking it to medical data, linking it to the care delivery process and including lab, behavioral data in a comprehensive data set. We call it, [indiscernible] and the whole business is focused on now a whole-person approach. How can we take everything we know about a member's medical condition and improve their care, utilizing cost strategies and cross trend management strategies, that you mentioned, but much more than that, delivering care in a more meaningful way. This could include phone calls by pharmacist, housecalls by nurses. This could include adherence programs; it's a full suite of programs, all aimed at driving down total medical costs. And so I would say that's one thing that is setting us apart in the market. We're feeling very good about where we stand in our position and we can see it in our pipeline and the growth opportunities that we're chasing. So thank you for the question. 
Mark Thierer: Well, we feel pretty good about the scorecard from 2016. As you know, we posted some very large wins, what I would categorize as some of the smartest and most sophisticated buyers signing on with OptumRx. I think these large wins validated our model. I mean, we've put this business together. We're a year and a few months into and I do think the strategic rationale for the combination is proving out. I think at the end of the day, the reason that we are posting these wins is, first of all, we are driving better economics in the market. That's important when you're trying to save money on drugs, but it is this differentiated model that we're selling. The pharmacy care services model is resonating with very sophisticated buyers. I think what you're seeing, Scott, is the convergence of the traditional PBM model which we're trying to rebuild and combining it with the Optum Clinical platform. Here we're talk about OptumHealth and all of the care management, data management and care delivery services. So I think if you start to look at it, we've emerged as a sort of destination platform in this industry and feel very good about the selling season and the wins that we'll post and bring live in 2017. 
Mark Thierer: So it is true that we've seen good membership growth in MA and PDP and obviously, the performance in UnitedHealthcare has been strong, as has a number of other health plan clients that we service so we're not going to get into the 2017 outlook, as we've said that will be covered in the 2017 Investor Conference coming up. I will comment though on the margin profile. I think that we're very comfortable with the current margin profile. We've talked about performing in the 3% to 5% range. We've not had to underwrite business at a deficit and we're comfortable that the business will perform at that level for the foreseeable future. 
Dan Schumacher: So maybe I will start broadly on medical costs overall. From our view, certainly in the quarter, costs were well controlled and as you look at the consolidated medical care ratio, it was 80.3% in the third quarter this year and that's actually down 60 basis points year over year, so down a little bit more than we had expected. So we continue to do well managing costs across the portfolio within UnitedHealthcare. To the components of development specifically, so underneath that, we did have prior period reserve development in the quarter. That was about $120 million and that was favorable. That's pretty consistent with the development we recorded in the same quarter last year. As you look of the pieces inside of it, to your question, the current year component was favorable $230 million and that was partially offset by $110 million of prior-year unfavorable developments. With regard to the businesses, I would tell you that it's really less about the Exchanges, frankly and it's more about our core businesses across Medicare/Medicaid and our Commercial business, both the current year favorable as well as the prior-year favorable. And on the prior-year unfavorable, I'd tell you that we do have a host of things that resolve in any given quarter. There was nothing in this quarter that was individually material and that prior-year element does not influence our current or our future outlook on trends. So as we look to the full-year and look at our medical costs, we expect the medical care ratio of 81.5% on the full year, plus or minus 50 basis points and I would probably tell you it would likely orient below that midpoint. 
Dan Schumacher: First, to the enrollment. So on the enrollment front, we ended the quarter with 770,000 Exchange lives and another 210,000 Off the Exchange rate, so on a combined basis, our individual ACA block was just under a shade under 1 million lives at the end of the quarter. When you look at the performance inside the quarter, I would tell you that, as you pointed out, nothing has really changed on the ACA front and that's a good thing. Our third quarter was very much in line with our revised expectations that we set coming out of the second quarter and we continue to maintain our full-year view. To be more specific about it, so we recorded losses in the quarter of $200 million and of that, $120 million was offset against the premium deficiency reserve and the remaining $80 million flowed trough the P&L this quarter. That $80 million of P&L impact is very comparable to the P&L impact we had in the third quarter last year, so very similar year over year. From our view, we think that we're appropriately positioned for the remainder of the year. I think you also asked about the contribution of enrollment from special election versus open enrollment. I would tell you that we have a little less orientation towards special election this year as compared to last year. So to your point, we were a little shade above 20% sitting through the third quarter of the year and now we're more in the mid-teens as you look at our ACA-compliant membership base. Hopefully, that covers the list. 
Dan Schumacher: Well, Kevin, I would just add that when you put it in the context of our total medical spend, what you're seeing and, as Steve mentioned, is greater accuracy. So last year, we had worth of $100 billion of medical spend across the platform. This year, we'll be north of $115 billion and what you're seeing is, as we bring more rigor, better analytics, through a better system connectivity, we tie-in, more real-time, to delivery partners, you're seeing improvements in the accuracy of those estimates.  And as you look at it on a year-to-date basis, we're sitting on $190 million of prior-year favorable development. That compares to $230 million for the three quarters last year. So from our perspective, there's some vagaries that happen quarter to quarter but on balance, we continue to get more accurate and for us, that's our aim. And as I mentioned at the outset, our medical costs continue to be well-controlled and they are coming in a little bit better than we expect in an aggregate, so that's great. 
