David Wichmann: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The 325,000 dedicated people of UnitedHealth Group made measurable progress again this quarter in developing the next generation health system, aligned to achieve better health outcomes at lower costs and improved patient and care provider experiences, increasing health care value for everyone, one person at a time. In turn, we delivered strong, well-balanced revenue and earnings growth across our business. Total revenues through the first three quarters of this year grew 8% year-over-year or $13.4 billion to $181 billion, and adjusted earnings per share advanced 17% to $11.22. Operating cash flows were $12.3 billion or 1.2 times net earnings. Both UnitedHealthcare and Optum contributed strongly to these results. Based on this year’s year-to-date performance, we have increased our outlook for full year 2019 adjusted earnings to a range of $14.90 to $15 per share. As always, we are focused on operating our businesses, lowering health care costs for people, advancing quality and the consumer experience, building on our strategic growth platforms, and driving innovative change and societal returns at scale, all designed to achieve the full and unique growth potential of this enterprise. We have a strong track record of thriving in fluid environments similar to the one we find ourselves in today. We are uniquely diverse with significant experience and weight in every aspect of health care, Medicare, Medicaid and Commercial coverages, in both at risk and self-funded forms with considerable presence in health care services including high-value health care delivery at emerging scale, all across the United States. These are substantial, fast-growing businesses, not new initiatives. This diversity, combined with a conscious adaptability orientation, allows us to consistently perform for the people we serve, and for you, our investors, through a wide and ever-changing spectrum of environmental conditions. Our growth agenda is purpose built to align with the changes necessary to develop the next generation, more modern and effective health system. We are reinventing health care delivery, now directly serving 25 million patients in 35 local U.S. markets and in South America; transforming pharmacy care services, driving transparent, digitally enabled, high-quality plan designs at lower costs with more consumer responsive point-of-sale discounts, saving nearly $2,000 per person per year on average. Accelerating digital, our consumer digital platform, serving nearly 20% of the U.S. population by January 2020, is being extended to include proprietary, deeply personalized next best action recommendations within portable medical records maintained real-time for nearly 50 million Americans and their doctors. Engagement strategies and incentives around this data hold the potential to achieve double-digit cost of care reductions. And advancing consumer-centric benefits. Our Bind, NexusACO, Allsavers and Harmony products are beginning to gain considerable traction in the commercial markets this fall. And our Medicare Advantage and Dual offerings are well-positioned to again drive distinctive growth from the differentiated value we deliver to people. Our relentless focus on quality, experiences and costs is increasingly apparent. Our NPS levels have never been higher; we just completed our regular three-year Medicare audit with exceptional results; expected members in 4 Stars or greater plans for 2021 payment year are at an all-time high of 84% at UHC and a consistently strong 92% at Optum. Every one of our Medicaid states are referenceable. Our overall per capita health care cost trends have averaged well below 4% for the past half decade, even as we’ve expanded MA benefits, and our operating costs continue to come in line, preserving consumer premiums for medical care. I could go on. You should get a sense today that our business is progressing across multiple dimensions with many of our growth and performance efforts beginning to fall in place. Higher quality, better outcomes and experiences, lower costs, building the next generation health system in a socially conscious way, these have been and will continue to be the consistent themes for our enterprise, an enterprise built for growth. So, with confidence, I turn you to our exceptional business leaders for updates on our businesses and financial results and expectations, starting with Andrew Witty, CEO of Optum.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. Standing back, you perhaps sense that the things coming into place across Optum, UnitedHealthcare and UnitedHealth Group translate into real and sustaining value to consumers and customers and ultimately distinguished growth for our business and returns for shareholders. As you know, at this time of the year, we typically offer some early thoughts on performance for the coming year. We are approaching 2020 with optimism, particularly given the enterprise-wide commitment to translate the value of this evolving, next generation health system into market growth in tangible ways. Understandably your attention has also begun to shift to next year. And we have observed that a handful of the more recently updated estimates are now starting to center on the more typical prudent posture we would expect, at this distance, as a starting point for core adjusted earnings per share performance, this nearer to the lower end of our 13% to 16% long-term performance we remain committed to achieving. To this starting point, we apply the impact of the health insurance tax, which for us should approximate $0.50 per share year-over-year, $0.35 of this attributed to in-year 2020. And in keeping with our normal practice, we exclude the accretive impact of additional strategic capital allocation, primarily M&A, over the balance of 2019 and into 2020. As is custom, we will provide a detailed look at 2020 performance expectations at our December 3 investor conference and as always, endeavor to outperform as we progress through 2020. We remain committed to growing our business and developing the next generation, patient-centric health system, with an aim towards driving considerable societal returns and distinguished growth. That’s how our business operates and will continue to operate every day. Operator, let's open it up for questions. One question per caller please, so we can get to as many as possible. Thank you.
David Wichmann: Fair question, Justin. I appreciate it. I think, as you know, our posture, at this time of the year and at this distance from 2020, tends to be more conservative. And, as you know, we also at this time try to avoid giving specific guidance on the call. So, what we're really trying to do is give a pathway for a consensus to form relative to our own views. And as suggested, we think it's a reasonable and prudent position at this distance to censor your initial expectations of core operating performance, if I may use that word, near to the lower end of our long-term 13% to 16% growth rate, and then apply the HIT where we've provided a point estimate of $0.50 year-over-year $0.35 attributed to 2020. And then, I'd be sure when you -- then to put a range around that something like plus or minus $0.15 or so. That's the way that we would form and what you would likely expect us to come out with in December. All these expectations are without the deployment of strategic capital, additional strategic capital through the balance of 2019 and into 2020. So, the things that we've done, the transactions like an Equian as an example have been fully considered as we provide this guidance. But as you know, we're persistently putting together assets in the marketplace to drive solutions, to drive better results for people on the cost, quality and patient experience standpoint. So, those are the platforms that we will continue to develop the four or five or so that I referenced in my prepared remarks. In terms of headwinds for us. As we look at, we're always deeply respectful of medical costs. Also, the sufficiency of government funding, particularly in the Medicaid population -- Medicaid markets. In particular, as that continues to expand, it becomes even a larger line item on the budgets of individual states. And so, it's something that needs to be persistently managed and we need to make sure is adequately set. The HIT of course is coming back or the health insurance tax, which is unfortunate, given that healthcare already costs too much and be adding this burden on top of all that. But it obviously comes back and we tried to size that for you as well. And then, I'd say this thing that you may miss in all of this is the pacing of investments. And things like NPS, which we’ve shown good progress in growth. The development and release of products and building new platforms is expensive. We have a lot of startup costs for our OptumCare businesses. They start as breakeven; we drive them into losses by expanding -- reducing panel size and expanding the resources available so that these become risk-bearing entities over time. And then, the new business platforms, as I discussed, like Bind and et cetera. So, those are the kinds of things that in particular that maybe cause a little bit of a difference between what you might have felt in terms of momentum and the -- where we're at. And these are just investments like we've said in each of the last two years and the decade before that that this Company persistently makes in order to drive that kind of a 13% to 16% long-term growth rate over time. Thank you for your question.
David Wichmann: The only thing I might add to that, David just so you have it is that we started out of gates pretty slow on the full risk business in the commercial markets, both in the employer and the individual. And the team’s done a nice job of moderating that off throughout the year. And we've seen some progress to that extent. And we just have -- we have more work to do to continue to grow that part of the business. But, we're pleased with the moderation that's occurred and look forward to getting it to grow.
David Wichmann: I don't know that we'll comment specifically on that. The only thing I would add to the math, which if I'm following it is that I would put a range around that, which is -- would be classic for us to put a typical range around the math. Medicaid is making progress, made progress in the back half of 2018, is making progress, nice progress in 2019, not just financially, but all of the -- what I would characterize as the quality elements of it have firmed up and improved quite a bit. And I'd say, the elements around networks and cost containments and things of that nature have -- they made progress on that as well. And we would expect it to continue to make progress into next year as well. But, we expect contributions from all of our businesses. You'll see a healthy dose of that coming from Optum, which continues to generate a lot of momentum and will drag that into 2020 as well. And you'll see it across the UnitedHealthcare businesses broadly as well. And we'll be pleased to offer additional guidance on that and in good detail when we have our investor conference on December 3rd in New York City.
David Wichmann: I would never say any expectations around earnings related to M&A that’s either unannounced or not closed. So, that is really what we're trying to communicate there. It would be the accretion or if for whatever reason and we have done dilutive transactions as well that set foundations for us to have long-term growth. It might include that as well. But, what you've typically seen from the Company is this generates about two-thirds of its earnings profile from organic means and the other third through the deployment of capital. That's been pretty consistent for us for at least the two decades that I've been here. Kind of a hallmark of the Company in the way in which it thinks about assembling capabilities and market presence, so that it can better serve people. So, those are the -- that's really what we're trying to signal there is -- that this time last year or maybe at our investor conference last year, we gave an original range of guidance, which is $0.40 less than the revised guidance we just gave you today. Part of that was just because of stronger performance on the organic front. But another part of that was because of the deployment of capital. So, what is typical for us is to set reasonable expectations at this level, more prudent ones, and then to continue to execute. And as situations arise, raise our guidance going forward.
David Wichmann: Yes. You can assume that the range at which you get to for core operating performance would include a normal dose or allocation of share repurchase capital, as well as a dividend and the number of other things that we utilize our capital for.
David Wichmann: I'm not so sure we're capable of projecting the latter. All I would say is that we're deeply focused on delivering value to our customers and the healthcare system broadly while advancing solutions to reduce healthcare costs and improve quality outcomes and healthcare experiences. And as it relates to rules and evolutions of those rules, we comply with those rules and regulations, and obviously to the extent that they have implications on our business, they will have so. In that case, given the size of what you're talking about in our overall presence, I wouldn't expect it to have a material impact on the Company's overall performance and/or its expectations around growth. So that's the health reimbursement. And the other item was -- what was that? I'm sorry that was the charge rule. The other one was the HRA and what the implications are of the HRA on the migration from group-based work to individual. So, I think, first of all, we're supportive of the expansion of the HRA and the ways in which they're used broadly. We think that offering a wider set of affordable options for consumers in America is essential and we much prefer the state-based designs over the higher cost exchange based offerings that are out there today. These will simply provide a greater set of options to people and seemingly a more affordable set overall. As these things go, they -- I suspect that there may be some migration towards more individual offerings. I wouldn't suggest that that would be prevalent, but to the extent that there are, I think, our Company is well-positioned to be able to offer affordable coverages for people in the commercial individual space. And that's part of the reason why we've spent so much effort over the course of the last 18 months really fortifying our offerings as well as ensuring that the distribution systems are effectively aligned to be able to drive growth and value for the people we serve.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Whit. That's all the time we have today for questions. Thank you for those questions. To summarize, UnitedHealth Group ended the third quarter with strong and diversified performance, once again delivering well-balanced growth across our business. We remain confident about our future business opportunities and look forward to sharing more with you at our investor conference on December 3rd in New York. This concludes our call today. Thank you.
Dirk McMahon: Thank you, Andrew. UnitedHealthcare and Optum share a vision for creating a better health system, one that delivers greater value to consumers, customers and society as a whole. Fulfilling that mission depends significantly on making health care more affordable. Lowering costs is the pivotal element to improving and sustaining access, even as we enhance quality. We have a multi-faceted agenda to do this. Let me share with you a few focus areas from UnitedHealthcare’s perspective. There is considerable excess spending on care delivered in sub-optimal, high-cost settings that can and should be provided in higher-quality, consumer-responsive, and more cost-effective sites. In our commercial business alone we see opportunity to shift well more than 20% of our medical spend to these more effective sites. For example, there is significant opportunity for more hip and knee replacement procedures to be performed in ambulatory centers, with those settings often having a 50% cost advantage over traditional settings and with fully comparable, if not better, safety and quality. Similarly, we are better optimizing the settings for delivery of imaging procedures and we’re beginning to provide significant savings by enabling specialty drugs to be administered through alternate sites. We are rapidly expanding this approach to additional high-cost services that would be part of our site of service efforts by the end of this year. We expect these efforts to deliver $0.5 billion in savings in 2020 for our customers. The data on affordability and access is also clear with respect to high-performing physicians and health systems. We know high-performing providers as measured by health outcomes and adherence to scientific, evidence-based medicine provide care for people at 7% lower total costs. Across our businesses, this is a $9 billion annual savings opportunity. Our product and network designs increasingly emphasize these high-performing care providers who share philosophies on improving quality and the patient experience, while reducing the total cost of care. Using the individual health record and advanced referral capabilities as our foundation, we are designing products and aligning incentives to include full clinical and financial accountability with care providers who are capable of performing to both upside and downside measures. Innovative new products, like Harmony, which Andrew mentioned earlier, is a good example. There is also significant potential to better transition patients from acute to post-acute care settings. Over the past year, we’ve deployed new technology that analyzes millions of data points to help physicians arrive at the specific care setting that’s optimal for an individual’s unique circumstance. On average, we realize nearly a 10% reduction in unnecessary readmissions by selecting the most appropriate clinical setting for the unique needs of the patient. And as always, we are focused on reducing the cost of administering health care and ensuring system integrity. Technology is enabling these efforts. We’re investing in digital tools to support doctors, reducing their administrative burden while improving efficiency and affordability across the system. For example, care provider phone calls to us have decreased nearly 10% this year, thanks to these digital investments. Our productivity and automation efforts this year and next should save us over $1 billion. And our fraud, waste and abuse program should save customers more than $1 billion next year as well. As you can tell, we are highly focused on improving the value we deliver for people and our clients by modernizing our approaches and reducing the total cost of care while providing greater access to high-quality care through new, more innovative products and services. These actions all lead to greater value for people and growth of our businesses. Now, I’ll turn it over to John Rex, CFO of UnitedHealth Group.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. Our fully insured gain in the quarter was largely, because of our M&A efforts. If you look organically, we're basically flat quarter-over-quarter. In the ASO space, we had a nice quarter, we grew 140,000 members. So, we’re positive on that for the quarter. As we look in 2020, going back to fully insured, we're going to continue to balance enrollment growth and our margin expectations to retain the groups and attract long-term business that produce sustainable business for us. So, we're pretty bullish on what happened in the quarter from enrollment perspective.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I appreciate the question. So, I'll start with ASO. As I mentioned, we had a good quarter in the third quarter with 140,000 members worth of growth. As we look into 2020, we had a few national account losses. We actually had to defend more for one 1, 1, 20 than we did in prior years. We don't expect those losses to have any material impact on earnings. But, as we look into 2021, we're already into the midst of that selling season. We've already had a big win, and the pipeline is shaping up nicely. On the fully insured products, what we see in the marketplace is, it's typically competitive environment, some pockets more competitive than others, but we continue to be very respectful of our trend, we will stick to our longstanding disciplines of pricing to our forward cost and we think we have competitive products across the Board, and we're looking forward to the selling season and the upcoming buying season for 1, 1 for fully insured.
John Prince: Good morning, Ricky. John Prince. Thank you for the question. In terms of the margin, we're comfortable with our expectations sort of short-term and our long-term guidance. As you know, OptumRx is a portfolio of pharmacy care services businesses. So, in addition to our benefit management, we also have a platform of infusion and community-based pharmacies like Genoa, specialty, e-commerce, et cetera. As those businesses continue to grow, that's driving our margin mix. So, that is probably the biggest change, and what affects our margin over time is the mix of our underlying services that we're providing. We're also investing in our portfolio that are experiencing significant growth. We've shown significant growth in all of our platforms in the services side, especially in the specialty business and infusion. So, I think we're setting up pretty well in terms of hitting our expectations on margin. And then, the deals that we've won, we've been very successful in the selling piece for 2020. That does not affect our long-term guidance for margin.
John Prince: Thanks for the question, George. I’d say, maybe just getting above the rebate guarantees, just talk about the market. I'd say the market is really healthy right now in terms of how we're competing in the market. Huge growth in the market in terms of number of opportunities, number of revenue opportunities in the market. So, obviously, it is a market where people are looking for value. And in that value, our value story is resonating very well. In terms of, specifically, I think, your comment is around drug inflation. And so, our clients are very focused on affordability, both from a client perspective and from a consumer perspective. Drug inflation in 2019 is materially lower than 2018. That trend has been going on for the last several years. As a result, consumers and clients benefit when prices don't increase as much. But however, prices are still increasing higher than core inflation. So overall, we're adjusting our pricing and underwriting to reflect those market trends. And so, I would just say that as the market changes, we continue to adjust our pricing to make sure that we're delivering value for our clients and consumers. So, overall, our clients have been experiencing low single-digit trend for the last several years, which drives value back to their consumers.
John Prince: Sure. Thanks for the question. John Prince again. That transition is happening over phases. The first phase happened in the third quarter and the rest of it will happen through the balance of 2020. So, that first phase impacted our revenue and scripts in the quarter as you can see with that. It doesn't have any impact on operating earnings overall. I'd say the transition is going well. We continue to execute for the client. And we'll update our perspective in 2020 at Investor Day.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Charles, thanks very much for the question. So, digital is clearly a significant element of the mix that we're putting together. We’re very much convinced that we need to make sure that we've gotten integrated healthcare offering both physically, obviously, centered around OptumCare and the ambulatory assets of OptumRx, but then really empowered by digital. If you look at Rally, it’s one example; it’s one of our main platforms. We've seen some significant wins during the second half of this year in business outside of the UHG Group. We now see that platform been available to about one in five Americans overall on the same significant uplift, particularly in areas like Rally Advantage where since the beginning of this year, we've had nearly 400,000 new unique users come on to that platform actively using it. So, it's a big area for us. I'd say we're still in the early days though, but with full potential of digital combining together with the rest of our portfolio of services, and we're very optimistic about it. Thank you.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Sure. A.J., thanks for the question. Yes. So, DMG is a significant contributor to that adjustment. Really, simply a function of them coming in at lower pre-acquisition margin, business itself is looking good, integration is looking good, and we're very optimistic as why I mentioned earlier on about the speed of which we can bring that organization in and start to improve its financial performance. As you look across the whole of that business and Dave implied this in his earlier commentary, obviously, as we’re shifting more clinics toward risk, that's a significant investment, so that also has an effect as we do that. But, the consequential benefits to patients, reduction in cost of care and then the economics of Optum are very significant, as you go through that journey of capitation and you start to bring those clinics onto full stream. I'd say across the whole of OptumHealth within a very broad-based positive performance indicators from the vast majority of our businesses, I might just call out one in particular, we haven't mentioned this morning, SCA, the Surgery Center of America [Later changed by the Company to Surgical Care Affiliates]. Just if you look at Q3 over a year prior, our cardiovascular operations were up 13%, our spine procedures up 14%, and total joint procedures up 39% year-on-year. That's an example of one other element of that portfolio in a significant point of growth for us and it fits very nicely within the cluster of other services we offer in key geographies and part of our comprehensive service for patients. Thank you.
Andrew Witty: Okay, all right. So, more on the group benefits upfront. They are critical part of our overall product suite that we offer to the market. It's particularly compelling when you're in the individual and the smaller end of the market to be able to bundle those services together to be able to try their turnkey solution for, let's call it, customers from the individual up to about 500 or so lives. And they’re critical element of the offering that we have as a business. We don't often talk about them, but we do offer dental vision life-based products. And I'd say that those are the most prevalent ones, light in group term relatively small policy limits overall as organization. As it relates to the behavioral health benefits and the substance use disorder elements of that too, that's part of integrated offering our larger clients look for quite often to provide an integrated medical behavioral benefit, which then also integrates pharmacy alongside all of that to be able to create a seamless experience. Some of our strongest offerings in the markets and our strongest performing plans, particularly for large employer groups are those where we provide an integrated solution set through one of our custom care delivery sites across the United States. So, they are important to our business overall.
Andrew Witty: Yes. Thanks very much, Dave. And John, thanks for the -- a good question. I'm just going to pick out one detail from the question you asked and then kind of lift up a slightly broader perspective of I think perhaps how Optum can drive the improvement you're looking for. So, you're quite right, and John Prince mentioned today that drug price inflation is decelerating year-on-year. But, what you have to look at is the cost of new drugs being introduced. Drug price inflation is only comparing the price of an existing drug this year versus last year but it’s not addressing the very high cost of new specialty drugs, gene therapies and those sorts of products coming into the market. So, if you look at the overall average cost of pharmaceutical deployed, I think, the price -- I think, you'll will find the price mix is nowhere near reflected in the decelerating inflation curve. That really speaks to a continued need for focus on managing the appropriate utilization of those types of medicines. They are super exciting for patients, but we need to make sure that we modernize as a system our ability to procure effectively on behalf of our customers and patients. Just one example of why you can get confusing signals when you look at some of this data. If I just step back from an Optum perspective, what we're excited about and tried to share in the prepared comments at the beginning of the call is we're now beginning to see the coming together of years of preparation and work in various models within the Optum organization. I gave three or four OptumCare examples where we have now seen material reductions in cost compared to previous date. Our goal now is, first of all, to spread that activity across the broader network of Optum, nationally; and secondly, to further deepen the contact, the cost reducing impact by bringing together the various assets that we have in several cities across the U.S. We have tens of different ambulatory assets. We're working to super hard now to bring those together, combine that with the data and analytics that the Company holds. We think that can be truly transformational. So, the challenge is now to bring together these proof points that we have and really deliver an industrial scale across the U.S. We think that's the way to really transform the quality of care for patients and give them reassurance about being able to manage its costs. Thank you.
