Stephen Hemsley: Good morning and thank you for joining us. We plan to keep our prepared remarks brief today. Just a month and a half ago, we held our annual investor conference and fourth quarter results are very much in line with or slightly stronger than we discussed at the conference. So our focus is now well in to 2017.  We ended the year with modestly stronger than expected growth across our businesses, and as the story has been throughout the year, customer retention and expanding relationships played a central role at our member and revenue growth for both UnitedHealthcare and Optum. To briefly recap 2016, revenue of a 184.8 billion grew nearly $28 billion or 18%, as earnings from operations advanced over 20% to $13.3 billion. Revenues advanced 24% to $7.3 billion and adjusted net earnings per share grew 25% to $8.05 per share for the year.  Fourth quarter 2016 results included $47.5 billion in revenues, more than $3.5 billion in earnings from operations. Net earnings of $1.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $2.11. All of these results were at or modestly ahead of the expectations set at our investor conference in late November.  Operating cash flows for the year were $9.8 billion, 1.34 times net earnings, within our range of expectation despite timing changes in several state payments. We look forward to the opportunities of 2017, as we continue to drive our agenda of quality based net promoter or NPS performance and growth.  Building on the momentum of strong NPS gains in 2016, and that being we began 2017 with one of the stronger operational starts to a new year we’ve ever had. We remain fully committed to meeting or exceeding the 2017 outlook we previewed with you at our investor conference, and Dave Wichmann and Larry Renfro will discuss, we have solid growth momentum going in to 2017, so we will turn to their commentary beginning with Larry. 
Stephen Hemsley: Thank you Dave. You may notice a separate press release this morning announcing that Tim Flynn has joined the Board of UnitedHealth Group. Tim is an exceptionally creative and solutions oriented executive, a former global managing partner of KPMG. Tim has deep financial and global operating expertise, he is also deeply versed in corporate governance, and we are thrilled to welcome Tim to our Board of Directors.  We’ll close with a few words on the overall domestic healthcare landscape. To be clear, we have no better sense than anyone else concerning the timing or any ultimate actions with respect to the Affordable Care Act. So any questions and responses on that subject need to have that clear context. And as you would anticipate, we will not speculate on hypothetical or provocative questions in this area this morning.  Our posture has remained consistent for some time now. We remain positive and constructive with respect to what ultimately evolves in the next phase of healthcare change. We see the opportunity for robust, state based healthcare markets offering flexible commercial benefits, flexible Medicaid available to eligible as well as pain beneficiaries, well-structured and managed high risk pools, exchanges where space choose to sustain them and much more.  We believe all of these taken together can represent affective, local, state based coverage systems which can well accommodate those currently in the ACA individual exchanges, as well as serve as channels for further expanding coverage if that remains the focus.  We see this approach as being simpler, offering more flexibility, more choice and more affordability to both consumers and state and federal sponsors. And as we have for many years, we remain staunch advocates for affordable coverage infrastructure that supports a modern healthcare system including a strong and diversified future oriented healthcare work force and improvements to government sponsored benefits that incorporate better use of technology, information and care resources for Americans.  UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare remain full committed to our mission, to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Today we see more opportunities to serve and grow in the next 10 years than the past 10. We will remain and adaptable, innovative and restless enterprise. We see many ways we can work, our work can continue to improve, if we stay focused on that mission, and we are committed to pursue that goal in 2017 and a decade ahead.  We thank you for your interest today and now we’ll take questions. Again one at a time please, and we’ll try to respond as many as we can today. 
Stephen Hemsley: No I just think that this process will take some time. I think the protest will extend and I think we also have other opportunities throughout the course of the year. So I don’t think that single state like that will affect our outlook. 
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. I think we’ll have a Larry kind of comment on that. I guess I would focus on the fact that we serve multiple payers through our OptumCare platform have for some time that portfolio continues to expand SCA fits right in to it. 
Stephen Hemsley: Thanks Steve. And despite the fact that MA has been underfunded over the last several years, it continues to take share with or take 1.3% or 1.5% market share shit is the indication. That’s been pretty steady despite the fact that it’s been underfunded. It is clearly the most popular form of Medicare; it serves the lower income groups. It has great retention value, and we would think that that will continue so that the share of Medicare Advantage will ultimately continue to grow and take its place in terms of the government programs. Next question please. 
Stephen Hemsley: So again Scott we’re not really engage in commentary around policy or what could or couldn’t happen. The only comment I’d make about MLRs and why they were probably not as controversial is because for the most part our offerings were pretty close to those MLR levels anyway. So they’re pretty much across the board. So that’s why I think that they were managed and digest across the industry. And beyond that, we’re just not going to comment on what tax policy could be or what might come forward in terms of changes in the ACA.  Our commentary with the market place has really been more broadly about what could be simpler, more sustainable, local market based coverage approaches. So that’s kind of where our level of commentary has been. 
Stephen Hemsley: Josh, I would have preferred to answer the last one compared to this one. We’ve maintained an presence broadly in the healthcare sector, again policy sector, and have been consistent for some time, and I think you’ve seen our materials with respect to really advancing a simpler state-based healthcare system around investments going forward in to the healthcare sector around affordability and good sustainable ways to advance affordability.  Systematically very much involved and we have been offering specific ideas with respect to that. It aligns with the businesses that we’ve had in the philosophy and the mission of our enterprise about helping people live healthier lives and about making the system work better for everyone, everyone being all the participants in the healthcare market place.  It has been more at a, what I would call, a high level and then invoked more specifically when called upon. We think that’s a sustainable way, we have been on this for some time, prior to the outcome of any elections etcetera. So we would have been indifferent in terms of who would have proceeded that these would be the kinds of themes that we think will drive a better and higher performing healthcare systems that could serve more Americans.  And we continued to be on that track and I think the setup of that business as we’ve said many times, the participation across the expanse of the benefit market and the continued diversification in the important markets with Optum, serving areas that where we think we can bring our competencies around, expertise around information and insights about how healthcare could be organized and resources used more affectively and the virtuous application of technology to drive a more modern healthcare system. Those are things that are really native to our businesses at this point in time, very adaptable, so adaptability is a very important thing for us.  We can move these things around to approach the market place in different ways, and we think we have been developing the kind of assets and capabilities to serve a healthcare system and combinate a variety of approaches. So that has kind of philosophy and that has been our narrative with the policy community and expert community and will continue to stay in a positive constructive posture in that way because I think it’s - this as we’ve said many times will continue to evolve both as a market place and in terms of national policy.  So I don’t know what I could tell you more than that, that’s kind of the philosophy we bring to it and it’s the same philosophy that we speak in Washington and in state capitals, and I think it has and I think it will continue to serve us well and I think be positive to the healthcare market place. 
Stephen Hemsley: And the OptumCare platform is free standing value up all by itself, so we basically have kind of a two-dimensional agenda going here and I think that’s - whether that’s core of your question and you’ve grasped what we are doing in OptumCare very well. So again thank you for joining us today. I think the takeaways from this call are pretty straight forward that UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare represent a strong, diverse, well performing enterprise driven by mission and culture with strong leadership team, dedicated employees. We remain very committed to taking our performance to even higher levels of quality, value, growth, shareholder return and service to emerging needs of enormous global healthcare market place. So we continue to evolve and adapt to serve that market, helping people live healthier lives and making the system work better for everyone.  Thank you for joining us we’ll see you next question. Thanks.
Larry Renfro: Thank you Steve. Customers of both UnitedHealthcare and Optum have been responding to our focus MPS, quality and value efforts. These are the building blocks of valuable, deep, long term relationships. Customer retention was a factor in UnitedHealth Group’s 2016 growth and that continues as we answer 2017.  The healthcare customers we serve turn to us to solve large complex problems. UnitedHealthcare for example, is increasingly helping states managed care for their complex, highly vulnerable and most costly populations. We also continue assist employers with effective, innovative programs to support the needs of their retirees and employees challenged by chronic health issues.  For Optum, 2016 was a distinguishing year for developing and deepening relationships across healthcare, as we deliver more value to the market place. In the first quarter, we announced a strategic relationship with Walgreens, offering more choice and greater savings to both consumers and their sponsors.  We also entered in to a technology partnership with Availity, a leading health IT provider to meaningfully improve connectivity and processing for payer, care providers and consumers. In the second quarter, several audit organizations engaged Optum to deliver pharmacy care services in 2017, in response to our progressive clinical models for whole-person care. Quest Diagnostics joined us in the third quarter in collaboration that will span several of Optum’s businesses starting with Optum 360. We were honored to receive several important multi-year contracts from the Department of Veterans Affairs and we partnered with Allscripts across OptumInsight and Optum Health.  In the fourth quarter, we were pleased to announce a new relationship with CVS Health that will strengthen their retail and our pharmacy care service offerings to the benefit of consumers. Moving in to this year, last week we announced we will join the Surgical Care Affiliates or SCA. This combination will expand the breadth of care delivery capabilities at Optum, as we continue to evolve a comprehensive ambulatory care platform including primary, urgent, surgical and homecare, all designed to deliver higher value and quality healthcare to consumers and payers.  Surgeons operating in SCA centers perform nearly 1 million surgeries annually in over 200 locations across 33 states with consistently high quality consumer satisfaction and improved value.  In SCA, we will grow and build upon a leader we know well in a high growth market. A market where we have already gained meaningful market presence, experience and insight through awesome care. The momentum inside our businesses comes from the growth and depth of these relationships and the breadth of sustainable value we can offer.  In 2016, Optum revenues grew 24% to $83.6 billion, as earnings from operations grew 32% to more than $5.6 billion slightly ahead of our most recent outlook. Fourth quarter 2016, was the first anniversary of the Catamaran acquisition and we were pleased with the operating earnings growth of 18% in the quarter for Optum overall, lead by 27% growth at OptumRx. Margins reached 8.1% in the fourth quarter and were 6.7% for the full year, up 40 basis points over 2015. Looking to 2017, OptumInsight’s year-end backlog grew 21% to $12.6 billion. As we stand back from Optum and look at our progress, we are advancing the quality and consistency of our services to customers, simplifying our business, strengthening our leadership team and boasting our resources and investments in the most important growth trends in healthcare.  While there is more to be done in the United States and globally, the opportunities continue to grow even faster and larger. We are optimistic about our outlook for 2017, with revenues exceeding $90 billion and earnings from operations in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.4 billion.  In 2017, at Optum and across UnitedHealth Group, we are committed to grow by developing stronger relationships, delivering consistent value to strengthen NPS and helping make health systems work better for more people.  Now let me turn it over to Dave. 
Larry Renfro: I will start and then I will hand it to Bill. I think that if you look at fourth quarter you’ll see that we had a pretty strong fourth quarter specially OptumInsight and Bill will speak to that in a second. So all of our financials were in line with our expectations.  One thing to keep in mind, when it comes to technology services and how we look at Optum360 across the board is that we are very diversified. When we really serve is 300 health plans, 4500 hospitals, over a couple of hundred government agencies and so forth. So we have a lot of opportunity and its diversified opportunity. So Bill just comment on the quarter.
Larry Renfro: Sure, and I’m going to ask Tami to talk about the footprint so that you get a feel for the footprint and how everything is going to work together inside Optum in regard to SCA and why it’s a primary focus for us. And then I’m going to ask Amir Rubin really to talk about what’s been going on in the diligence side of this and what the business looks like.  I will caution you that we are in an approval process. So during this approval process there’re certain things obviously that we can’t do, but I think I can lay out the strategy and these folks will be able to pack it up. I probably didn’t do a good job a few minutes ago of explaining it, but this goes back five years. This is a strategy that we put in place to really go after what I would call the OptumCare business as one of our primary pillar for growth.  We started with primary care and I think you know that we’ve been growing primary care over the last few years. We’re probably around 21,000 physicians at this point. The second part of OptumCare was our urgent care with Med Express and other centers that we have set up with urgent care. So we’re up to 250 centers there. So obviously the surgery center kind of starts to play out and add capabilities for us as we go forward.  So this is all about growth, and this is about us maintaining our physician with the ambulatory side to really make this move forward, not only here but also globally. Because as we look and I’m going to stray here but just for a second, but I would tell you that the work that we are doing in Brazil, the work that we’re doing in London, what we’re expecting to do across Europe and so forth. This is all a process that would fit nicely in all of those markets. So let me turn it over to Tami to kind of go through the footprint. 
Larry Renfro: This is Larry again. Let me just make one comment. So if you looked at our 75 market strategy that we’ve been executing against today, we are in 28 markets. With this acquisition, we will pick up about 17 more markets. So about 50% of SCA markets overlap with 17 new markets. So this is going to accelerate our growth obviously, and this is a very, very key point in the growth of OptumCare.
Larry Renfro: Sure. A.J. its Larry. I think on the last earnings call, we talked a little about that. We have been building a foundation in London in the UK area, and we had spent past year really getting our self positioned in what I would call the new models care. We would know it here as the ACLs. As they are starting to take their trust and trust over there are their hospitals, and they are starting to put them together in certain segments of the country, and they’re looking for services that we provide whether that be hospital type services or what we are doing with OptumCare. That’s why there is a very large overlap here when you start talking about OptumCare and what we might be able to do in the UK area.  We are in bid and discussions with about five different areas, I won’t go in to them from a competitive standpoint, and we believe in the first 6 to 9 months of this year, we shall start to see some outcome. So there’s no question that it got delayed with Brexit and they’ve had some change in terms of leadership and we’ve had to establish ourselves with new leadership which just takes time. It’s not an issue of them wanting to, they understand our model, a lot of the ministers have been here and they have visited our locations to see the integrated care and how we operate and so forth.  SCA should be a positive in terms of how we might look at that eventually, not right away in the UK. So I guess one part of the question is, we’ve got the circled areas that we’re talking about that we are in bids on right now, 6 to 9 months we should start to see some outcomes there and we feel pretty solid about that.  The other path we’re going down is on what I’ll call national programs and the big national programs is what I would call a national database where we could bring our data and analytics in to play. Again we are in the process with that and I would think that timing might be a little slower, it might six months, 3 to 6 months and the decision is ours.  So we’re feeling pretty good about it. We’ve got a good team, we’re moving some senior leaders over to the UK and again I think that come summer time we should start to see some results there. 
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thank you Larry. As we look at surgeries broadly, obviously the deal to winning a majority of those still take place in hospital setting both inpatient and outpatient and so the reality is that there is a huge opportunity for greater penetration for surgery to take place in an ambulatory setting. And when you look at the kind of quality that can be demonstrated through and ambulatory setting as well as the patient satisfaction that frankly runs north of 90 when you look at the net promoter scores and you see a cost profit that runs about half of what you’d expect in an hospital setting, there’s tremendous opportunity.  And within UnitedHealthcare for some time we’ve been focused on sight of service for several years and we’ve made some headway, but the reality is, we think there’s an opportunity to really accelerate and we think the partnership with SCA provides a great potential. 
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning Peter. Dan Schumacher. Let me offer a couple of comments about medical overall and more specifically to your question around development. Now as you look at our consolidated medical care ratio for the quarter, it was a little bit than what we had discussed at the end of November and then inside that I’d tell you that our medical cost continued to be well controlled.  And the other thing, as you look at development sort of quarter in and quarter out, I think it’s really important to remember that it’s on a base of medical spend on an annual basis of more than a $115 billion. So when you look at the outcomes this quarter in particular, it isn’t particularly meaningful.  Looking specifically at this quarter, I’d tell you that if you look across it both from a geography perspective look across categories I don’t think that there is anything that is worth highlighting. I would tell you that it probably orients a little bit more towards our government businesses, and underneath that we’ve talked overtime about some of the efforts we’ve had around incentives related to quality and the underlying use that comes with that and we’ve seen some of that this quarter and that’s showing up in those outcomes. But importantly and overall I’d tell you that our medical base line is for our all of our businesses, we are tracking in line with our expectations as we close the year and that means that we are starting 2017 where we had planned. 
Dan Schumacher: Kevin, its Dan Schumacher. I think the point we’re making there is, last year we recorded the Premium Deficiency Reserve to provide for losses in 2016, and so when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, you had to drag in ’15 and then we resolved the PDR and the exchanges in the fourth quarter this year. So that’s the improvement we are talking about year-over-year. 
Dan Schumacher: Good morning Sheryl, Dan Schumacher. The only thing I would add, if you kind of look at it over the last eight years right, we’ve been able to drive down on a per capita basis inpatient, and inside that we’ve focused a lot in those early years around the conversion of inpatient to outpatient. And I think this is sort of the continued evolution as we focus more on the side of service to how do we get that outpatient in to the ambulatory setting.  So we’ve continuing to introduce more steps in controlled measures on the front end, but more importantly trying to put in incentives at the surgeon level that really can help drive to the most appropriate settings. So the combination of (inaudible) structure with the consumer providing a strong motivator and then likewise on the delivery side trying to put incentives in place for the surgeons to be able to drive towards a more appropriate use. So we really look at this partnership as an opportunity to really strengthen our value orientation, both in our product designs as well as in our relationships with the professionals that are providing these surgeries. 
