David Wichmann: Thank you, A.J., a very thoughtful question. Hopefully, you took away from the prepared remarks that we are optimistic about the performance of our business and that’s pretty much universal across Optum and UnitedHealthcare. We didn’t get into some of the smaller size businesses, but we are optimistic in particular about our relative competitive position and the growth prospects for 2021. But as also indicated, we remain deeply respectful of the environment both the pandemic and related economic consequences. And one thing I would underscore, AJ, is what you had very well, there are a number of moving parts, which are very difficult to predict and you should also know that we are extending our efforts to ensure that our chronic members and patients are getting the care that they need during this unprecedented time and we also still have a strong commitment towards correcting any imbalances that could occur. So, at this instance, we do see our business – underlying business performing strongly and aligned to our long-term growth objectives, which are 13% to 16% per year offset in part by these pandemic-related effects. So the starting point, as we indicated in December, will likely represent a wider range given the possible outcomes and a more conservative all-in expectation than normal that you would normally see from us given all the elements that you just described. So, we are taking that into consideration as we develop our point of view about where our MLR might land, how – what the variability of that might be. We see it generally speaking that whole pandemic related impacts is being an area – a headwind for the organization, but don’t misread it, we are very bullish on the strong underlying growth performance of our business. Thank you. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: Pretty much covered the entire landscape, Ricky, well done. We will try to be as responsive as possible on all of that. Tim Spilker is our Chief Executive for Community & State.
David Wichmann: So, Ricky, I hope that was responsive, at least responsive enough. Thank you for the thorough question. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: And just to remind you, to give you a sense of that, as we indicated in the prepared remarks as well as around the $2 billion advance to the market or acceleration in payment. Thank you, David. Next question, please.
David Wichmann: And we will take the next 30, 45 days or so to accumulate more facts, understand even better and then lay all this out for you in more detail to the best of our ability. I want to get together on December 1. We have time for one more question with quick question and answer. And then I will close. Next question.
David Wichmann: Perfect. Thank you, John. Thank you, Lance. And thanks to all of you for your interest in the very thoughtful, insightful questions that you offered today. As this is an unprecedented time in our company’s history. As you have come to expect, we will continue to respond and lead with full strength compassion and fortitude, restlessness for serving the unique needs of every one of the 140 million people we serve around the world. Despite the challenging times the 325,000 people in the UnitedHealth Group are deeply committed and are energized about our work to advance the next generation health system in a socially conscious way it is a health system that will be universal, affordable, simple and effective. And we look forward to engaging you in several weeks at our upcoming annual investor conference on Tuesday, December 1 we see the virtual format as an opportunity to provide you an even deeper view of our company with strategic plans, its people and our future. Thank you very much. 
Dirk McMahon: No, I mean, Justin, this is Dirk McMahon. How are you doing? What I would say is, we are of course going to price to our best estimates of forward trends that’s going to include COVID, but you asked about the economic impact. So as we sat back and we looked at the third quarter, actually, our membership was a little less impacted than we thought it was going to be, because of things like the payroll protection program as well as some furloughs that large employers did. So yes, there will be a little bit of a running problem, but less than what we expected. So, from a membership standpoint, we are actually fairly optimistic about how we priced. We continue to look at how our block is priced for 1-1 and as we look at that, we are more than competitive and we monitor that everyday.
Dirk McMahon: Yes, I would say, Gary, this goes back to what Dave said originally, we do consider all of those factors you described. We consider what we expect COVID to do with respect to testing, with respect to treatment, all things that are associated with abatement as well we make an estimate of that. We are tying to make a forecast of when the vaccines would come available. So, all those things are considered as we price our business for next year. I am not going to get into the exact number of basis points associated with each one of those that’s competitive. But I mentioned earlier, we do monitor what’s going on in the market, what we see with ongoing trends in all three of those buckets as well as all of the underlying cost. And we make our best estimate as to where we should land to be competitive for a membership growth standpoint as well as earnings standpoint. That’s what we do and we have actuaries and we have management teams that are pretty experienced with that.
Dirk McMahon: Yes. I would say that, as you think about the fourth quarter, the sense should be is there is a good amount of stickiness with respect to the end of this year in terms of persistency that we are seeing with our groups. And further, I think as we look at next year, I think we talked about in the script, we will have lot of good products coming off the assembly line that we are very enthused about. All savers are level funded product, find a good product, which basically is a scenario where you have a kind of a base level of courage and you buy out for cares meeting in certain categories, then we have, what I would say a bunch of provider-centric products where we are looking at really efficient, high-quality networks and having low consumer out of pockets associated with those. So, what I would say is we are optimistic about our product portfolio for next year as you look at the third quarter – the fourth quarter specifically. We have had good stickiness in terms of our persistency.
John Rex: Just to follow-up, I think, what we – one of the things I commented on was actually we are seeing less plan switching to normal actually. And what we are seeing is strong adoption of people new to Medicare coming into Medicare Advantage.
John Rex: Yes, thanks, BT and Robert, thanks for the question. We are very encouraged by every effort to move from fee-for-service to value based contracting. So use this as a positive trend. The direct contracting proposals are primarily geared towards smaller groups that are in fee-for-service. And we have been in risk based arrangements for over 10 years. And so while we will embrace this, where it’s appropriate, we have relationships with over 80 payers, and we will expect to see continued double digit growth of our MA and dual risk lives that we care for. And I don’t anticipate that the direct contracting would be a major factor for us. But again, I don’t mean to say that in any kind of a negative way, it’s a good program, but it’s – we will embrace all vehicles to grow. Thank you.
John Rex: Sarah, good morning. This is John Rex here. So I think if we go back to the former period that you are discussing in corporate tax reform I think there are a number of things that we commented on during that period. And in terms of impacts and if you recall, during that period, we also commented about investments that we are making, as a result, to build to build for future growth and how we were how we were investing in the businesses for longer term. So that was an element there clearly, since that period, a number of years ago now the company is much, much larger. So you would expect the kind of that impact is much smaller from an effective tax rate impact than we would have had back in that in that time. among the other elements that you were talking to incorporate tax reform and impacts, I think it is tough, really to kind of get out ahead of anything in terms of potential impacts, and even how those impact down on specific businesses just because there has not been, we just don’t really don’t want to get ahead in any kind of policy that might be that might be out there. So probably would just leave it at that. Thank you.
John Rex: Alright, David, John Rex, let me answer that I get those. So first of all, let me give you a little more color in terms of what we saw in utilization over the course of the quarter and how it fits to what we are seeing last quarter and so I spoke to kind of baseline exceeding 95% across our businesses as we look at the utilization at this point here, maybe a little color kind of context within that and different categories and how those would trend. I point out if I look at physician services that would be below that baseline, might post kind of outpatient surgery, that kind of the writer kind of in that zone, that baseline and I put in patient above that baseline zone, as we look down to kind of various populations and such maybe a little color commentary in terms of how that trends. So commercial, certainly kind of higher in terms of where we are seeing utilization and where we are seeing against baseline, and government programs services lower. And within that, I would say kind of within the government programs, let’s say, the community state business being the lower element of both and that the way it’s trending. One important element here you saw what you referred to from the commentary we had for our expectations for the fourth quarter and then so among those were that care that has been deferred that we are able to help facilitate that carrying curves and that’s kind of where we are making investments and what we want to see happen here. The other element that we anticipate as we look towards the end of the year is we have been anticipating the rising acuity because of deferred and mistreatment, then we’d see higher acuity population. I tell you we really haven’t seen that yet. Where we see rising acuity on the overall book is it’s because of the COVID-19 cases that come in at a higher acuity level. And so you see a higher acuity on that component. But if you take that component out, we don’t really see it across the full scope of the book of our business at this point. As your – to your comment over in terms – over the course of the quarter what we saw, essentially it was an interesting course in that perspective, because you saw different incidence rates in different parts of the country over the course of the quarter. So, we really monitored that quite closely and you would see as a particular part of the country, you saw infection rates begin to rise, you would see deferral come into that mix. Given our platform across the entire country, we have a viewpoint into that, but you see deferral and then you see it come back in. I think the last thing – place I would just point out is within kind of that baseline that we are talking about and so I said exceeding 95%, I put kind of in the zone of 5 points or so or probably COVID-19 driven in terms of within that mix and that’s inclusive in the baseline we are talking about.
John Rex: And DCP, thank you for reminding, so DCP is declining year-over-year, so that is due to the really could be acceleration in provider payments that we took on earlier in the year. So, as we really were trying to get liquidity injected into the healthcare system, we accelerated our payment cycles very, very significantly and that continues. The reason you wouldn’t have seen that in the second quarter is because of the very significant deferral of medical care in the second quarter. So, that’s kind of getting into the math of it, right. We get a denominator here, where medical cost per day was declining very, very significantly in the second quarter, so that more than offset the impact of those payments. As we saw care being restored much closer to normal levels this quarter, then that comes up and so now you are seeing the impact of that accelerated payment cycle show up in our DCP, but that was impacting.
John Rex: No. Like, sort of the one thing in your comment and I think you said kind of we have seen in-patient kind of above normal, I wouldn’t say that’s where we are. I said on that exceeding 95% baseline, I was orienting those categories around how they orient around that exceeding 95%, but in-patient rides a little above that position below that and outpatient surgery is kind of right in that zone. So, that’s more the commentary that I was providing there not that in-patient is running above baseline yet. But we certainly categories are progressing to that. And I think it goes in terms of your broader commentary into what to expect for utilization. So, we want to make sure people get the care they need. That’s why we are here ultimately. And so we are going to do everything in our power to make sure that that care occurs. But you heard some of the commentary he offered earlier in the year even in terms of what was going on different categories in terms of cancer diagnoses, different areas that were off significantly, obviously that’s not kind of good for people, that’s not good for the system, we want to make sure that we are that, that care is getting delivered. And there are areas of care that we are going to be very proactive in making sure that people are able to access that. In our business, we have both direct access in the OptumCare businesses. UnitedHealthcare is being very proactive in its outreach to vulnerable populations and making sure that they are getting the treatment that they need. So, our ambition is to make sure that that care is delivered as there is much – there is a lot of necessary care that’s not happening also. But, I would come back today’s commentary, as we look out to 2021 and some of the earlier things of we have been learning stuff all along the way over the past many months and we continue to evolve that thinking and continue to feel like we get better perspectives, and why deeply respectful in terms of, we don’t really know how this moves over the next several months also. So, I think that’s what you hear in terms of our commentary in terms of how we think, why we think, how we think about stepping out and why that we want to be respectful of environment frankly that no one has navigated before. And I think that’s just what you would expect us to the way you would expect us to approach it. Thank you.
