Stephen Hemsley: Thank you, Dave. So we remain positive and constructive with respect to our organization’s potential to better serve the health and well being of individuals and improve the health system overall; fulfilling our mission to help people live healthier lives and to make the heath system work better for everyone. In fully responding to the market needs we see every day, we’ll realize the remarkable potential of this enterprise. And as we do that with consistent excellence and confidence, we will continue to experience diversified, balanced and consistent growth as we’ve seen today. So thank you for your interest today and operator, let's turn to questions and again one question at a time. We’ll try to get to all of them this morning.
Stephen Hemsley: Peter, I don’t really have anything to offer other than what we did. We develop and think about these changes in advance. We kind of evolve them in our organization. We do these things when things are really, I think in strong order. And I think our tradition has been to do these every two, between two years and three years. And we’re excited about it, and I think it provides fresh new focus, a lot of energy. And we have a tremendous leadership team, great depth. So we have a lot of talent to choose from. And in many respects, we just, we move from one spot to another to broaden experience as well. So, I wouldn’t read anything more than we feel very comfortable taking these steps at this point in time.
Stephen Hemsley: We think pretty positively about 2018, at some challenges with respect to the health insurance tax as it sits right now. But as a total enterprise and our opportunities, I think you can see momentum growing in our business here for the last couple of years. And we expect that to carry through into 2018. So we do expect strong '18.
Stephen Hemsley: Interesting question, I think we're actually gaining market presence through OptumCare and through -- and that growing portfolio. And I think you probably not talk much about this. But we've also tried to increase our community presence in our UnitedHealthcare benefits in terms of we do offer some store front, kiosks. So that is a coming trend, but I think we'll take that in a measured way. And I think the other thing Josh to think about is your digital presence, if you think about it, whether retail is or physical presence is as strategic today as digital presence might be. And we've obviously taken some really powerful steps in terms of developing digital capabilities through the rally platform and our other applications. So we kind of are moving out in both those directions and we'll take it in a measured way and make sure that we're staging into the marketplace in that presence thoughtfully. Beyond it, I don't think I can offer too much.
Stephen Hemsley: I’ll let Larry take that. But I think the growth is actually across optimism has been pretty impressive. And each year, they drive bigger numbers, so they’re growing off a bigger platform. And I think people lose sight of the share size and scale of Optum. But Larry you can handle it yourself.
Stephen Hemsley: Sure, A.J. I would -- it's probably not often that we say this. But if you really actually have been following the media with respect to the activities, with respect to healthcare policy, I would say that the media has been very accurate with respect to the narrative that is going on there, and the elements, many of which you suggest. So I think if you were following the media, generally speaking, you'd be up to speed. And we couldn’t probably offer anymore insights than that. In our prepared remarks, we obviously focused on the health insurance tax. Because that, as Dan said, is going into the marketplace now for 2018. And that has an impact on affordability and the uptake of the participation in those markets. So we are strong advocate of repealing that and to taking that action as quickly as possible. Beyond that, we have engaged. We think pretty constructively around the notion of, and I think you can see this in our published materials on our Web site, that we see actually a marketplace that could be pretty constructive. But based upon more orientation to state based markets, more flexibility in the marketplace, really seeing Medicaid as the programs that have grown in effectiveness and to become broadly recognized as actually very efficient healthcare coverage for the populations to which they apply. And the elements that you mentioned the flexibility with respect to underwriting activities and so forth, we think those all would be covered in what we would see as more flexible state based markets that are actually more under the control of those that are close to the market in the state. I think all those things are really in conversation, but I think it's really around what is politically possible, maybe in contrast to what might be the most effective policies that could be applied. I would say that the tone has been generally more positive and access has been more available. So there is little bit more of a constructive posture. And so we remain hopeful that as this policy evolves that it could be better for coverage for American people, and return to the innovation and flexibility of the marketplace. And we think healthcare will benefit from that. Corporate tax, I think broadly will benefit, broadly across America in terms of economics, in terms of Company's outlooks. And in our sector we'd be similar to that. We have high effective tax rate and we think that tax reform at the corporate level will be good for consumers. It will play back into their benefit. We think it'll be good for employment levels. And we would obviously benefit from that and it will be good in terms of just the overall level of resource that we dedicate to at the corporate tax line. So we would be an advocate of thoughtful tax reform, and I think the majority of American industry would.
Stephen Hemsley: I'll start out with a few themes and then ask my colleagues on the UnitedHealthcare side to pick it up. But I guess Cheryl a good question and a thoughtful one. We have been seeing a pretty steady movement of services into, and I'll say, the out-patient setting, are out to the community. And we have been following them with the OptumCare platform and encouraging that. And thinking that that is a more ideal setting in which to engage and do those services. And we actually think the care technology is facilitating that. It is the procedures are getting simpler and more advanced, the rehabilitation processes, the care processes and so forth, all play to that. Also I think we've been pretty consistent about suggesting that we've seen more in terms of specialty pharma application, diagnostic testing; and those have been more of the trends in the acute care setting has been. And I would say that we're pretty hopeful and optimistic that better, let's say, a better formulation or application of resources in the community setting holds a lot of benefit, particularly whereas consumers are becoming more knowledgeable, more information is available to them and they're being more engaged in picking the right settings for the services they need. Dan, you want to pick up on that.
Stephen Hemsley: And we’re seeing the consumer more comfortable coming into these venues, and that’s also really encouraging thing, so great question and we’ll continue to focus on that.
Stephen Hemsley: And it's not that big a line up of offering relative to the total of Optum. I don’t know if we can size that, but it's just not that large, the product line. So, thank you. Thanks for your questions this morning. And we hope the discussion has given you a sense of the optimism we have for 2017-2018, and beyond. As I think you can see our businesses are growing and we're providing increasingly differentiated value to a more diverse set of markets than others, and we're building deeper relationships with customers, consumers. And I think most importantly improving the healthcare experience essentially for all stakeholders, and I think that's how we'll continue to grow over the next decade, So thank you and we'll see you next quarter. Thank you.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning Dave. Obviously, from our perspective, we have been long supporters of the permanent repeal of the health insurers’ tax. At the end of the day, obviously, it just increases the cost of healthcare, makes it less affordable and compromises people's ability to gain coverage. So we are certainly advocating along those lines. As we think about the tax itself, obviously, we’ve got to deal with it as it sits currently in loss, and so that's what we're doing. We're planning accordingly. We're incorporating it in pricing and also incorporating in our thinking as we plan our benefits in Medicare. In terms of timing, there's different timings based on the businesses. So obviously small business, starts to resolve itself clearly now and into May, for next year large group takes later in the commercial process. And then as you look at the Medicare business that first Monday and in June is when we're doing our filing. So as it sits right now, we will plan accordingly and incorporate it. And as you think about, if it were repealed, obviously, we talked about the benefit of the moratorium in 2017 and size that in the $0.25 EPS range. Obviously, when it went out versus when it would come back in, the size of that, if it were to stay, is about a 30% increase in the tax itself. And then obviously, we've done well to grow market share over that time. So you can expect that, if the tax comes back in, it would come back in at a greater impact than what we talked about for '17. I think that covers it.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Justin. I appreciate the temp on the health insurers’ fee. I think we'll leave specific sizing to that for our investor conference and also obviously a better understanding of what the actual law will be as we step into 2018. As it relates to your question around the UHC businesses, as Dave mentioned in the prepared remarks we were able to drive 12% revenue growth rate across the platform. And if you adjust for the impacts of health insurers’ fee and the individual ACA, the reduction in our footprint there, we drove closer to about 17% growth rate in our UnitedHealthcare business. And as you underneath that, we had really nice growth in every one of our business platforms. And the driver of that revenue growth that we’re seeing pull through to our earnings base is really the enrollment expansions. And as you look at each of our business platforms it’s happening in the places that frankly we have an opportunity to deliver greater value and greater returns. So as you look at the commercial business, we’re growing nicely inside that group commercial fully insured business in Medicare and in Medicare Advantage. And in Medicaid, orienting towards, as Austin just talked about, more complex and more vulnerable populations, all which have more revenue content and likewise have strong earnings potential for us as a business. So on balance very strong medical cost well controlled and very much in keeping with our expectations. So we’re pleased with the first quarter favorable mix.
Dan Schumacher: Ralph, this is Dan again. As far as the end markets and the margins, obviously, we’ve guided to and talked about government based margins in the 3% to 5% range and across their Medicare and Medicaid portfolios that we’re operating within those ranges. And we obviously endeavour to perform towards the high end of that range. And on the commercial business, we’re in the mid to upper single digits, and performing well in that business. And as we think about margin expansion or [audio gap], I would say earnings growth more specifically, we’re looking to orient drive our earnings growth more from volume, so continuing to serve more consumers across our broad and diversified platform. And where there is opportunity, we’ll look to expand margins as well, but feeling good about our positioning in each of our businesses. And better and better Medical Care management, no doubt but commercial and Medicare being strongest and probably Medicaid follow that.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thanks, Steve. In addition to, I think what you did well to describe is some of that shift from the acute care setting to ambulatory settings, and that shift that comes from in-patient to out-patient. I think the other place Cheryl that I would point to is a greater investment around physician; so really them at the centre of the care continuum and making investments, and really connecting care in a whole-person way and investing in primary care, in particular. So as we think about the composition of where our spend is going, we do see shifts from in-patient to out-patient, a greater investment towards physician and then obviously some of the comments that Steve made with regard to pharmacy inside it.
Larry Renfro: Sure. So Kevin, I guess, the way that I would -- let me approach it a couple of different ways. We have put together, obviously, our plans in terms of how we attack the market for the first five years and we’re in the process as we talked about early that we are developing a second generation plan that we’re going forward with right now. When we are looking at sales and we’re looking at growth, we look at certain factors as an organization and pretty much everybody in Optum operates off of these factors; number one, would be the backlog that we talked about being about $2.1 billion year-over-year. We talked about, I guess we didn’t get into what we look at in terms of our sales pipeline that finished 2016 at about $30 billion and that was up from 2015 at about $10 billion. And then you look at our overall sales in terms of the TCV and that was probably what I just said, the $10 billion to the $30 billion in sales and the overall pipeline would be about $30 billion. So that’s been tremendous growth in terms of how we look at it. Now, if we look at the first quarter of 2017, I don’t want to go into the numbers. But I would tell you, it’s a record quarter in terms of overall sales. Some of the factors that might enter into this, in terms of overall revenue that might make think something that might be a little bit different is that we, as we -- if you just look at Catamaran or you look at what we’re doing in OptumRx. We are absolutely having scale and efficiency that’s driving a better customer -- totally driving better customer value. And as a result of that, some of those numbers might look a different. And I'm going to ask Tim to talk a little bit about that in a second. But I think that, as we look into 2018, we think that we’re very well positioned. We think that we are on target with all of our expectations. We have the five growth areas that we’re focused on; the government services; what we’re doing in OptumCare; what we’re doing with Pharmacy Care services; technology services, as well as international. So we feel very, very downhill about 2018. So Tim may be comment a little bit on the OptumRx side.
Larry Renfro: I think it comes down to how we spend that capital, and doing it effectively. I don’t think it’s a more capital issue it will give us insight to how we spend it more effectively. Next question please.
Larry Renfro: We do, and I think Larry alluded to that in terms of revisiting one Optum. And I am going to ask Tim to comment on this. But going back to I think what you were talking about the model we had what something called one point time it was 15 by 15 and it was 8 by 16. And what's Steve’s alluding to we’ve played that those two through. And now we’re in the process of putting together a new five year business plan that we’re calling the second generation. And so there will be an emphasis on a lot of different things. But margin will be part of that. So I'll ask Tim to comment on that.
Larry Renfro: This is Larry. I'll comment on Optum, and what we’re doing in the UK. So it's something that would just relate to in the United States we always talked about 75 market strategy. If you are in the UK, we would talk about a 44 market strategy. And they have developed a mechanism that they call strategic transformation plan. And they have linked together their trust and their trust would equal their hospitals. And so they have multiple hospitals that are in these SPPs as they call them. So in February, early February, we won our first business first step of a process with one of those SPPs. And that’s where you're going to manage with an ACO process, and we do have physician groups. And so we’re tying in everything we do in the states into that win that we just received. Now, it’s a first phase of it, we have about two more that are very, very close to have an a decision on. And doing that, we strengthen the leadership then we’ve moved to a couple of people over so on and in order to manage this the way that we’ll need to manage this, going forward. I would say that we’re still in a situation, nationally. I look at the -- those 44 SPP is more local markets. But nationally, there are various things going on with data and information and digital that we are actually working with them very, very closely right now as well. I know in the May timeframe we’ll have a showcase where we’ll showcase all of our technologies, as well as we’ll have the Secretary of Health visiting us here in the States as well as a subset of the NHS board visiting us here in the states in the May timeframe. So things seem to be breaking a lose right now.
Andrew Hayek: I would echo what's been said. We do see across OptumCare, which of course include SCA and also our neighbourhood care centres. And medical groups, the Option D for more care to occur in the out-patient setting, improving the experience, quality and cost to healthcare, and improving the provider experience. So we're excited about what we see in the opportunity ahead.
Andrew Hayek: This is Andrew. Appreciate the question. So in terms of overlap with the SCA and OptumCare markets, about 17 of the current OptumCare, primary care markets overlap with where SCA is. And SCA adds another about 17 markets that OptumCare positions are not in that are material MSAs. In terms of the mix of primary and specialist, we do see opportunities to leverage the presence we have with primary care. It’s the relationships and brings more of the SCA model in to the benefit experience cost and the quality of care, which obviously helps the primary care groups and also helps our health payers and health system partners. So we do see opportunity to expand the model and be inclusive of more specialists, which we think inners to the benefit of the patients and the healthcare system.
Andrew Hayek: Well, I’d say that’s multiyear. Christine, you remember we’ve talked about this in let’s say 75 markets is a first priority. And while we have a presence in many of those markets that presents isn’t complete where we really have the the entire model represented in that marketplace where that model has been fully integrated. So I would say we continue to be in the very early stages of what our ambitions might be around OptumCare.
