John Rex: Thank you Dirk. Before I review the performance of our businesses, as in recent quarters I would like to provide an update on the care patterns we are seeing as the pandemic continues to evolve. Over the course of the first quarter, total care activity including COVID-19 related care ran marginally below seasonal baseline. Pacing of elective care activity through the quarter generally track and in opposite directions with the rise and decline of COVID incidence rates which were much higher in the early part of the quarter than in the latter part. To put this in perspective, February and March showed COVID-related care at about half the level experienced in January. Since the quarter's end, we have again began to see a rise in COVID-related care while at this time not approaching the January level. Outpatient care activity was moderately below seasonal baseline for the full quarter, running in counterpoint to the COVID incidence patterns over the three months and reflecting a well below average influenza and respiratory illness season. And total inpatient activity was modestly above seasonal baseline with over 55,000 COVID-19 related admissions during the quarter compared to 65,000 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Moving to business unit performance. OptumHealth's first quarter revenue and earnings increased 35% year-over-year. Revenue per consumer served grew 31% over the year ago quarter. The growth in this metric continues to reflect the expanding number of people served under value-based care arrangements and the increasing acuity of the care services we offer. OptumInsight's revenue grew 14% in the quarter and earnings 45%, due to growth in our services and technology offerings and improved productivity. The revenue backlog at $20.8 billion grew $1.6 billion over the first quarter 2020, as more normalized business activity started to return among our provider and payer customers. OptumRx revenue and earnings were relatively consistent year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Adjusted scripts declined modestly from the year ago quarter, a period during which we provided advanced medications to the people we serve as the pandemic began. Pharmacy care and specialty services continue to grow strongly, in particular home infusion and our community behavioral health pharmacies. Turning to UnitedHealthcare. First quarter operating result reflected strong execution and continued membership growth. In addition to the growth in commercial and Medicare Advantage offerings noted earlier, people served in managed Medicaid programs grew by nearly 1.1 million over the year ago quarter. Of the 900,000 new seniors we expect to serve within Medicare Advantage this year, about 775,000 are in individual and group and 125,000 in dual special needs offering. Of importance to this, senior customers we serve, our HouseCalls clinicians have been considerably more able compared to this time last year to provide their vital services. We conducted nearly 600,000 home visits in the quarter as more seniors and care givers were vaccinated and comfortable having in-person visits. That's up by a third compared to first quarter 2020 and about four times higher than what was achieved in the second quarter 2020. Our liquidity and capital positions remained strong, with first quarter cash flows from operations at $6 billion or 1.2 times net income. As we look forward towards the combination with Change Healthcare, we intend to maintain our longstanding capital policies. These include our approach to returning capital to shareholders via share repurchase and an advancing dividend with ample capacity to continue building upon our strategic growth platform. We now expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $18.10 to $18.60, an increase of $0.35 from the outlook we offered at our Investor Conference. This outlook continues to include an estimated $1.80 per share of unfavorable COVID-19 related effects, the substantial majority of which we still expect to occur in the latter part of the year, largely as care is more freely able to be delivered to people. Now I will turn it back to Andrew.
John Rex: Let me give a little color on that. So, yes, prior development, $1 billion favorable versus $850 million in the 4Q. As I am sure you would expect, that emanates heavily from the second half of 2020 and a lot from the fourth quarter. It was favorable really across the businesses. The elements there that would be driving that would be largely along care deferral activity that would have occurred in the quarter. I think when you think about impacts to the company and P&L impact, certainly there are significant mitigating factors that I know you are well aware, MLR rebates, risk order arrangements, reserve reestablishment that occurs. When I look at it and take it all together with those mitigating factors, P&L impact would have been in a similar zone to last year's first quarter with those elements coming in. Thank you.
John Rex: Yes. Kevin, it's John Rex. Good morning. Let me talk a little bit about that and how we think about that progressing throughout the course of the year. So a few impacts here. I think the first, the important impact, I suggested that if a significant majority, I would call it, 70% of our projected COVID impact is really occurs in the second half of the year. And just to be frank, we just don't know enough now about what is going to happen later in the year to kind of have a very meaningfully different projection of what our full year results will be in terms of, will it be better in terms of better than the original projections, except for what we have experienced thus far which we expected some stronger underlying business performance growth across the number of businesses. We have executed well on productivity measures. And maybe just very modestly less impact in the 1Q unfavorable impact than we would have anticipated. But the important component there being that is really much more a back half weighted view in terms of COVID-19 impact. That's really premised upon our expectation that as we get later in the year, people are going to be more able to access previously deferred care and at higher acuity levels as a result of missed or postponed treatments. And that's what we have build into that view in terms of an expectation. But that's really unusual time still, no question. And we have therefore increased our full year estimate by what we know today.
John Rex: Yes. Ricky, good morning. It's John Rex here. So as Brian noted, one of the aspects we look for is this rising acuity from patients that have deferred care or missed treatments. And at this point, we don't have evidence of that occurring. And it could be just that it's still too early on to have enough evidence to see it. But we have not yet seen that rising acuity in the populations that we serve. Your point in terms of how we think about as we get later into the year and why that moves like it does and you heard my commentary that a significant majority of the $1.80 we have layered into the second half of the year. That is largely because of the assumptions around those elements that we see that people are increasingly able to get the care they need, the amount of care deferrals declined meaningfully as you get into that latter part of the year. They are accessing the system. And we do get into these elements where we see rising acuity coming in. So those are the elements that are premised in terms of that expectation at this point. But really and the other element that Brian touched on also just in terms of your populations, you have commercial, a little more access to the system versus the public program members. Thank you.
John Rex: Justin, good morning. This is John. In terms of the seasonality, so historically we have been at, what I would call, a kind of 48/52 split in terms of first half, second half. I would put that probably more in the zone of first half being in the 52, 53 zone this year. That is really due to how we are tracking in the $1.80 per share impact on it that the majority of that is occurring in the second half of the year. So that would be really the reason for the seasonality looking different this year than it has looked in other years. Thanks.
Andrew Witty: Thanks John. The story you heard about this quarter is the story you have heard for many years and will continue to do so about UnitedHealth Group, a focus on better serving people and organizations in healthcare using the combined capabilities of Optum and UnitedHealthcare to improve care, cost and experience and an unwavering attention to execute for excellence in all that we do. Operator, let's open it up for questions. One per caller, please.
Andrew Witty: Great. Thanks for the query. I am glad you asked that. I know a lot of people probably have that in mind. John, you should answer that, I think.
Andrew Witty: Lisa, that's a great question, I am going to ask in a second Dr. Decker. And also I think will ask Dirk McMahon to make a couple of comments, but let me just preface that. So, we have obviously seen telehealth develop as a set of capabilities over the last several years. We have been a very extensive user of those capabilities, but I think one of the things we have seen from 2020 and the pandemic is really a kind of shift in terms of people's thinking and willingness to utilize telehealth. We also think that the way in which they are being utilized is evolving. And so, what you are going to see from us and it is one of the examples I might cite in terms of the opportunity for new product development between Optum and UnitedHealthcare is, you are going to see UnitedHealth Group lean forward into much more integrated telehealth capabilities. We have got a number of new initiatives in deployment as we speak operating between the two companies. And with that introduction, let me pass it over to Wyatt to maybe give you a little bit more detail on that. And then, I think it would be good to hear from Dirk the perspective he has on this. So, Wyatt first.
Andrew Witty: Thanks Dirk. Thanks Wyatt. I have got to say, Lisa, I have been keeping an eye on the patient verbatims as we have been deploying the Optum Virtual platform that Wyatt referred to and really the feedback is really extraordinary in terms of how patients are seeing this, the benefit they feel from that and the ease with which they are able to engage with it. So this is exactly the kind of thing you are going to see going forward. I think Optum is in an extremely advantaged position being able to bring together this notion of integrated telehealth with physical and behavioral health. And that's going to be the path we go. And I think we are on the verge of kind of next generation of what this looks like versus what we have seen previously. So Lisa, thanks so much for raising the question. And next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Thanks Wyatt. And maybe I will just ask Dan Schumacher to briefly add to the comments and talk a little bit about Optum At-Home which is a further dimension of this. So go ahead.
Andrew Witty: So Josh, I mean I know that was a little bit of a long answer from the three of us, but you asked a really important question. And this is really one of the core elements of the future of the company. And it's why you have heard us talk so much about OptumHealth, OptumCare and you can see the growth potential. We are at that two million life level now. We clearly see the capitation strategy as a highly effective strategy to deliver both quality and cost management for patients. That movement is really significant and it's really moving strongly. And with the development of the diverse sets of clinics and skills, the development of the technology support that you have just heard refer to, we believe we are in a very strong position to be able to be the leader in ability to manage those patients in the best possible way and ensure that they get the kind of health care they deserve. So Josh, thanks so much for asking the question. Next question, please.
Andrew Witty: Right. It's a great question. So I think our bias is increasingly and I think rightly toward driving a more and more seamless, simple, easy to access care environment, both for the patient and the provider actually. So what that speaks to is, trying to avoid the fragmentation of the interface and definitely trying to avoid the fragmentation of the information that then sits behind it. So we want to really try and create much more seamless opportunity. So for example, I would give you a real example in Optum Virtual which is, you have heard a little bit on the call already today. So of course, patients are looking for a way to engage with the physician. They actually want to talk to their physician. So one of the things that we are doing is building that platform. But then there might be situations where the physician wants to bring in a specialist into that conversation. Now in a multi-disciplinary clinic, they might be in a position in normal times to go down the hall, get somebody to come down and visit. Now in Optum Virtual, they are able to do that kind of thing. So that's an example of trying to bring that integration, even within the virtual space. So it kind of replicates a little bit more what you might expect in a physical environment. And so, we definitely see the need to try and drive toward that. And we definitely want to try and create the fluidity of the information to ensure that physicians have what they need when they are in front of the patient, when they are talking to the patient so they can make the best possible choices. So we want them to be as highly educated as possible in that context. So we are leaning very much towards the idea of integrated seamless and that's true whether you are in the physical or the virtual space and we want the two to sit together. Thanks for the question.
Andrew Witty: Thanks John. And thanks, Justin, for the questions. I appreciate it. We just have time for two more questions, operator. So let's go to the next one.
Andrew Witty: Thanks Bill. And George, thanks so much for the question. That's clearly an area we expect to see more in the future. But as Bill says, it's early days and we will see how that progresses. With that, everybody, thank you so much for spending the time with us this morning. As we move through what we all hope are the latter stages of this pandemic, you can expect us to continue to focus on the areas where UnitedHealth Group can do the most to improve healthcare, including adding even greater value at the intersection of Optum and UnitedHealthcare, applying our technology and expertise to create a better functioning, more responsive and cost-efficient healthcare system and making healthcare work better for consumers. We look forward to connecting with you again on these priorities in the weeks and months ahead. And once again, thank you for your attention this morning. Bye, bye.
Wyatt Decker: Yes. Thank you, Robert, for the question. And Andrew, I think you set it up nicely. OptumCare has become the nation's preeminent ambulatory delivery of value-based care. It is physician-led and increasingly you will see us bringing comprehensive services to bear to meet the needs of all of our patients with a particular focus on value base and a particular focus on the fully capitated individual. We will continue to grow over 250,000 lives this year, and you can expect that to accelerate in the years to come as we continue to attract individuals through organic growth as well as through our partnership with UHC, and as Andrew mentioned nearly 90 other providers. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Yes. Well, thanks for the question. And as you heard us mention before, we are very proud of how quickly we stood up over 17,000 providers during the pandemic on telehealth solutions, but that really just is the beginning and of course across the country, we have seen a massive shift in consumer adoption and willingness to engage in virtual health solutions as well as with our providers more broadly. (Audit End) So our philosophy is that, not all telehealth is created equally and as we continue to develop our new products, you will see us integrating physical care, virtual care, home care and behavioral care in a way that is innovative and differentiated. And in fact, we have already launched a product we call Optum Virtual Care that is live in all 50 states and is doing just that. And what will really differentiate our product to those that we serve is the ability to offer virtual solutions but then, if necessary, immediately connect them to a live bricks-and-mortar solution for more complex or thorough care as well as identifying and triaging both physical and behavioral health care needs and offering comprehensive behavioral health care. We are seeing continued sustainability of virtual care solutions which as you may know peaked during the height of the pandemic have declined some but are still probably 10x where they were pre-pandemic and certain conditions or behavior or areas like behavioral health care are now seeing about 50% utilization through virtual services. So we are very excited about where we are going to take this. I will turn it over to Dirk.
Wyatt Decker: Yes. Thank you Andrew. Thanks Josh. Great question. We will continue to evolve. And one of the pieces that will differentiate us as comprehensive care providers is just that, being comprehensive. And so you will see us continuing to weave together products and services that meet people's needs in new and innovative ways. And telehealth and digital solutions are a big piece but not the only piece. The other part that I would call out is, we are increasingly leveraging technology to bring advanced decision support to our physicians and providers. And you may have heard previously about OptumCare. This is a value-based care delivery set of decision tools that are yielding real results, giving people the best, highest quality care that eliminates what we tend to call low value care and is a differentiator. So we will continue to deploy those technologies. As you know, we are on track to grow by over 10,000 physicians. We are now at 56,000 doctors, both affiliated, contracted and employed and we will leverage all of those models as we go forward and we continue to evolve and employ doctors who are really actually quite attracted to our model of value-based primary care. We eliminate much of the clerical burden in our physicians in advanced practitioners' practice and let them focus on the work they love. So this is really gaining traction among our physician workforce. And then to your point around how much of the 20 million lives that we serve today will ultimately be capitated, we anticipate that not only will a significant portion, you heard the number two million today and 0.25 million as we mentioned growing. So as we continue to grow, we also expect that we will always offer a host of modalities including fee-for-service. And that actually is a feeder system, as we think about value-based care being kind of the core of what we offer and fully capitated, the core of the core, if you will. Thank you.
Wyatt Decker: Yes. Justin, thanks for the question. And of the individuals that we serve that are not in fully capitated programs, about a third of them are seniors. And so you can think of that as the Medicare population that we serve through a variety of touchpoints in our care delivery assets. And then as you would expect, a subset of those are already in MA plan, which is to your question. And so, we see, again, a great potential to continue to capture and enroll and care for MA patients through OptumCare's delivery capabilities. And you will also see us going deeper in the markets that we are in and bringing our very mature risk-based platform in established markets to new markets where today we are primarily fee-for-service. So expect both geographic growth and increasing depth and penetration in the markets we serve today. Thank you.
