Stephen Hemsley: Yes. Well, we're going to kind of try to keep our -- this call is not the time when we get into the details of this. We provide guidance at the investor conference, and I really don't want to front run that process. So I will leave it kind of in the context that we put it, that when you look at the businesses in total, pressure that's on the Medicare Advantage program from the funding pressures that we have talked about for some time, and then look at the performance of the balance of the businesses, each of whom have their challenges and their opportunities both, we come out in a range that, as I said, straddles with both upside to where we are today, as well as probably a downside starting point. And that's largely where we think we'll probably position 2014 as we go in. And we're going to try not to provide a great deal more detail than that other than the portfolio has that potential within it and that we are focused on a number of things that we think will drive towards the upper end of that performance. But that execution remains to be done, and so we will kind of keep it in that kind of context this morning, and then we'll talk about it in much more detail when we get to the investor conference. 
Stephen Hemsley: Next question, please? And we'll try to keep it to one per. That was a nice portfolio of questions on that one, but we'll try to keep it to one each. 
Stephen Hemsley: So for us, basically, exchanges have 2 dimensions. It is a great new channel for us, and we'll participate in that channel. And then for our Optum business, it is not -- we can not only be a channel as that, but also enable others. So we really see exchanges as having 2 business dimensions for us. Thanks for the question. 
Stephen Hemsley: And last year, we did have exceptional levels of reserve development, and that fits into the narrative of the contrast between the third quarters -- third year  [ph] of '12 versus '13. 
Stephen Hemsley: Well, I think you have a good list of the headwinds that we all see and have talked about, so you have been attentive to our calls over the last couple of quarters. Those are the things that concern us about, basically, the funding approaches that have taken into the Medicare Advantage program because it does serve 1/4 of the U.S. seniors and is the fastest-growing and, by far, the most popular of the programs. So that's why we have been vocal about it in that context. So those headwinds are real. Now we are clearly pushing back against those in terms of how we're approaching the business. And I'll let Jack speak to some of the actions that we're taking along those lines. And our star performance clearly has to improve. We are not pleased with our execution there, and that is something that we have to address. But we are positioning that business, and that business has grown very nicely. And we want to kind of balance the position of that business and continue to grow it because long term, Medicare Advantage and whatever other products come forward in the private sector as Medicare are going to be important because the pressures that you're seeing in the funding from these programs are the pressures that are felt in the program in total, and the private sector is the best outlet for that. I'll let Jack... 
Stephen Hemsley: Now so, again, let's go back to the first question. We'll talk about 2014 in more specific terms at the investor conference, and we will go through each of the business lines along those lines. The pressure on MA is not a new subject. We have been talking about this through the course of the year. We have a lot of opportunities to improve the performance of that business, but we have to take a look realistically at the funding levels that have been imposed there. And the other businesses also have their individual pressures. So we're going to talk about them on a line-by-line basis at the investor conference and then as a total portfolio. But if I go back to the range, we are clearly focused on growing earnings in 2014. And the range that we're beginning with encompasses that upside potential. And I don't know, I think it's appropriate for us to be very direct with you all about the headwinds that are in the marketplace, and we have done that with you each year, and to position ourselves appropriately in a range because there are a range of performance outcomes that could occur as a result of those headwinds, not all of which are fully predictable. But we are putting forward, I think, an appropriate and, I would say, positive context when thinking about '14, that we are discussing a range that has upside performance above the upper range of our current year performance. So I think I would walk away from that, to my view, in a positive context. There is a lot of work we will have to do to perform that upper end, but we are clearly focused on that. 
Stephen Hemsley: MA or commercial or Optum or any of the other businesses this morning. Otherwise, there will be not much left to talk about at the investor conference. 
Stephen Hemsley: That's exactly right. So I don't know how many questions you'll have, but that one, if -- go back to our commentary, and we do pay attention to what we said in the prior teleconferences, we see today's commentary to be completely consistent with that. We would always put them out in a range, and what we are really signaling is that, that range will have an upper end, and we are basically confirming that today. 
Stephen Hemsley: I'll do my best. But basically, we laid some of the trends out in the teleconference. We expect our performance on our services businesses, our Optum businesses and the services business in United to continue to grow and perform strongly. We said that in the teleconference. We must execute at very high levels along things that are hard to do because the medical cost trends have been so well managed. We have to continue to not only manage them well, but manage them better than we have. We have to execute on strategies we discussed before on Medicare, around -- focused on specific targeted markets, narrowing networks, ever effective -- there are areas where we could make progress in terms of effective care management on the ground level. It would be in the Medicare book of business. Those kinds of elements, managing and taking our productivity and operating cost disciplines to a next-level performance, which I think we are very capable of doing, are all areas that we see as opportunities. And kind of even to just the last area of discussion, as I think you all well know that sometimes, to improve performance and improve it on the long term, you have to do things in the short term that don't -- that have a longer-term logic to them. So you have to really hold the pricing discipline. Sometimes, you will have to give back some memberships to the marketplace to perform more strongly in the current year and going forward. So all of those elements that you would imagine, we have to do and we have to execute well on. And as we do, we will position ourselves for an even stronger performance position for 2015 because all those things we talked about are structural in nature. And then beyond that, we see growth opportunities that come on to a much higher, a much more rigorous platform. That is, in essence, the elements of the plan. We will be laying those kinds of things out in the investor conference. And to the first part of your question is we put out a range that has a -- acknowledges an upside to where we are today, as well as a downside, because I think we have a responsibility to acknowledge the headwinds that are in the marketplace. The notion that we are putting out a range that has an upside to it, we think, is completely aligned and consistent with the conversation we had last quarter. We are focused on growing earnings of this enterprise. It will be difficult in 2014. We've said that before. But beyond that, we think the things that we're going to do are going to improve and strengthen our business going forward. And we have very strong businesses and growth opportunities in Optum, and we haven't even touched on international. So that's why I think we do take a positive attitude about where we are. 
Stephen Hemsley: Okay. So I'm sure we'll be talking and touching more about that at the investor conference as well. 
Stephen Hemsley: And I think in total, if you look at Optum as an emerging enterprise, that there's scale opportunities there that are meaningful. And I think when we talk about things like One Optum and so forth, that's what we're really talking about is that we have opportunities to, we think, continue to improve the performance and yield of that business. 
Stephen Hemsley: So let's go back to the very first question of the call. This is, again, more triangulation around '14 that we would really prefer to save for the investor conference and can then actually present those things in a coherent and kind of fulsome basis, see all of the offerings across the enterprise, their relative challenges and their relative opportunities. There are clearly opportunities in Optum. We are clearly looking to improve its performance, grow its earnings, improve its margins, but we're not going to comment specifically on '14 until the investor conference. 
Stephen Hemsley: Sure. Well, I think we have great growth aspirations for Amil, and I think it's performing on or above its plan. But Dave, do you want to talk... 
Stephen Hemsley: So I think that's it. Let me just briefly finish by thanking you again for joining us this morning, your interest and participation. I think we had a very solid third quarter in the context of a very strong 2013. We think we have meaningful performance opportunities in front of us. We are focused on optimizing the performance of this enterprise and addressing the headwinds of 2014. We will look forward to sharing more detail with you and insight at the investor conference on December 3. Thank you. 
Jack Larsen: Thanks, A.J. Good morning. So in 2014, once again, we are looking at a market opportunity that expands upwards of 3 million seniors or so, many of whom who we think will be well positioned to select Medicare Advantage. And I think in our planning this year, we started where we start every year, and that is with identifying the benefits that seniors value most while keeping the year-over-year total cost ranges to them as low as possible. This year was obviously made far more difficult than prior years given the reductions in the effective rates that we received versus the expected medical cost trend. So you have, I'm sure, no doubt seen some of the competitive plan offerings. And while it's still very early in OEP, I think today is the third day of selling, I'd have to say that we're pleased. We're pleased with where we positioned ourselves competitively in our key markets. And we're pleased with some of the things that we are seeing in terms of the leading indicators coming from our field sales teams, our web portals and the busyness of our call centers. Now in terms of growth, I think, as Steve shared in his opening comments, we had industry-leading growth in 2013, something we're very happy with. I would say at this distance, though, when we come to you at the investor conference, we will be positioning our growth as moderating off of the sort of blistering rate we've had this year. And keep in mind that we're approaching 2014 with almost 150,000 people impacted by our plan withdrawal. So I'm sure we'll have lots more to say about that at the investor conference in the next few weeks. 
Jack Larsen: So hey, good morning, Kevin. Jack Larsen. So I guess, maybe, first things first. You've articulated all the headwinds that we're seeing. And we certainly, early on, recognized that the shifting of all of the legislative and regulatory prompted rate reductions, recalibrations, insurers' taxes, channeling them through benefit design changes to seniors would have been absolutely crushing, both to them individually as well as, I think, to the sustainability of the program itself. We also recognize that, notwithstanding that point of view on overall reimbursements, that we have a responsibility to ensure that we are doing all that we can to make sure that we make the basic product as affordable and as accessible as possible. The kind of work we're doing is making sure that we have the highly performing, best-in-class networks that are aligned not only with us and the physicians, but with the members as well. We are doubling down on efficiency of our clinical programs. And then, of course, the never-ending battle we wage on operating cost. All of that sort of goes in to make the MA program sustainable in individual market. And so I think with the work we did in 2014 puts us in a good position to take on those challenging headwinds in 2015. Let me spend a moment on stars since that, I think, was embedded in part of your question. I would say, overall that we're pleased with the progress we've made. We have almost 2.5x more of our members in 4-star or better plans for 2014 that will impact the 2015 payment year. And you need to keep in mind that, that star rating represents the activities that we did in 2012. So while that's a nice percentage gain overall, I'd have to say that we're admittedly starting off from a relatively low level. And we have, as Steve said, much more work to do to get to the point where we're making the progress we should. I can tell you that we have an intense level of focus all around the company, starting with Steve on down to the UnitedHealthcare organization. Also, within our Optum colleagues. Who are really a significant part of our overall success. 
Jack Larsen: Yes, sure. Well, we have a couple of philosophies on specialty. And the first one is we really focus on adherence because adherence for these very sick patients provides lower medical cost for our customers. The second thing is we want to eliminate drug waste, so we do a lot of work with respect to making sure that we take lab values and the like, make sure the treatments are working. And the last thing I think we're doing from a specialty standpoint is we have great visibility into the medical benefits, so we can see and manage about half the spend that resides there. 
Gail Boudreaux: Good morning. It's Gail Boudreaux. First of all, in terms of the overall exchange market, we see -- we're very positive about it. We see it as a significant opportunity both for UnitedHealthcare and for Optum. And I think one of the things to remember, the private exchange market isn't brand new. While it's certainly seeing some acceleration going into 2014, we have had offerings, strong product offerings and feel very well positioned in a number of those markets. Thinking about the private exchange market, I think you have to think about 2 subsectors of it. One is the retiree exchange, and that retiree exchange has had a very consistent movement over the last few years of employers moving into either group Medicare or into private exchange offerings. Again, our product offerings there have continued to grow and are very strong. We also offer, through Optum, an opportunity to do a multiemployer exchange, which has seen increased enrollment and we expect to see solid enrollment going forward. The active space is really getting a lot of recent press. You heard, in Steve's comments, our offering. We participate pretty broadly, actually, and again, feel that we have a very strong product offering in the private active exchange, and we expect to continue to see growth. From our perspective, there's a number of different types. Certainly, the movement from a self-funded offering to a fully insured offering is a positive for us. But overall, we're pretty optimistic and positive, and we see them as an expanding distribution channel going forward. And maybe I'll ask Mike Weissel to comment a little bit about the Optum opportunity because we work mostly with Optum as well and see their opportunity. 
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Good morning. A couple of questions there. Let me start with the pricing question. First, on the commercial pricing environment, we've talked about this on, I think, every call I've been on. It remains a competitive environment. What -- this year is a little different in that every year, we see -- I call them different themes that play out in each of our local markets. And some of those themes this year are around what I'll call very selective disruption. It's not broad, but there are some of that playing out, as well as some of the early renewals that are occurring in the market. I think what's important to know about our approach is we haven't changed our pricing approach. It's staying very consistent, our controls and discipline are staying consistent, and our focus really is around the value-based products that we put in the market over the last couple of years and feel that those will resonate very well. In terms of -- I think your second question was on national account enrollment. I'm going to ask Jeff to comment on what's happening there. But before I go, actually, you had asked about pricing in the public exchanges. And our comments on that -- as you know, we have taken a very modest position in the public exchanges. And unlike any other new entry into a market, these are structurally different market-to-market, very similar to our existing portfolio, so you have to look at those. Again, our approach in those markets is very consistent, and we look at things that are basically 2 functions when we set our price. One is  the expected cost of the product and network configuration is an important part of that, and then the expected cost of the people to enroll. And that discipline has stayed very consistent. As we look at the pricing across the public exchanges, you would expect to see a broader range because of it being a new market and, quite frankly, the network product configurations that are in the marketplace today. So I don't think that's unexpected, but that's essentially what we are seeing. And I'll ask Jeff to comment on the national account marketplace. 
Gail Boudreaux: So I'll go back to -- again, there's a few embedded questions in there. The pricing environment in the public exchanges, again, ours is a pretty modest footprint. And there, I think it's hard to draw conclusions at this stage from what we see in the pricing from that market because it is based on a whole group of factors that are not necessarily in the broader small group market. So I think that's the first thing. And it does really rely on the estimate of the product configuration, the network that was chosen, as well as the expectation of what the population of enrollment is in that network. So from that perspective, again, while I can't comment on others, we did expect to see some diversity. And we think over the long term that as people get experience and understand what's happening in that market, we will see that come into a tighter range would be our expectation. And then in terms of our pricing philosophy, I keep going back to we've been very consistent. We're keeping that same consistent methodology. The one change that's happening in the marketplace, as you know, is the market is going to adjust to community ratings. So that is a change in the marketplace, but it's something we're well prepared for, and a large part of our business is already in that model given the states we work in. 
Daniel Schumacher: Sure. Good morning, Peter. Dan Schumacher. With respect to our medical cost performance, as Steve said, we're very pleased with it over the course of the year thus far. But obviously, this is a space where our work is never [indiscernible]. As you look underneath it, I would tell you that inpatient is an area that continues to be very distinguished for us. So as you look at each of the 3 quarters this year, in each of our 3 businesses, we have lowered our bed days. And that's been true for the last 4 years. So doing well on the inpatient side. As you look at the commercial space, in particular, we've had, against our expectations, some improvement in the outpatient as well as we continue to focus our program around out-of-network spend, around the appropriate site of service and things like that. When you put it together at the commercial market level, we have a trend expectation that we provided was 5% to 6%, and we now expect to be at the other lower end of that range. As you think about the development, I wouldn't read into the variation of that quarter-to-quarter or business-to-business. Some of the factors that influence that, obviously, is our operating performance stability. But also, those programs that I was talking about, in outpatient as an example. As we introduce those programs and they begin to come into -- in full effect, we start to realize those in our actuarial process. So there is differences in timing quarter-to-quarter and business-to-business. 
Daniel Schumacher: With respect to risk adjustment, I think it's important to recognize that it's not something that's unfamiliar to us. We've got a couple of our large states and very successful states where we have modified forms of risk adjustment today. And also, we operate in Medicare Advantage, which, as you know, has a big risk adjustment to it as well. To your point, we have absolutely participated with a third party to gather industry information and get some feedback on where we sit. And based on that information, as well as our past experience, we feel very comfortable with our ability to estimate the results as we get into 2014. And the other thing that I think is important is our size and geographic diversity is another thing that plays in our favor with respect to risk adjustment. 
Daniel Schumacher: Yes, we've participated in 2 cycles of that right now. And we will again, in the first quarter, participate in another cycle of that. And they're endeavoring to get 75% of the market participants at a local level, segmented by small group and individual. So we'll be able to -- based on that information, we think we've got a good sense of it. And also, again, our size and geographic diversity are things that will be important to us. 
Daniel Schumacher: That's right. And Sarah, this obviously relates to both on and off exchanges business in small group and individual. It's really -- that's the reference around our size and scale, not our exchange participation, which, as we've said before, is modest initially. 
