David Wichmann: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Results for this initial quarter of 2018 continued the performance trends of recent years, well balanced, strong top line revenue growth, solid medical cost performance, meaningful advances in NPS and effective capital deployment. First quarter revenues grew 13% to $55.2 billion. Adjusted cash flows from operations grew 60% to more than $3.2 billion, and adjusted net earnings grew 28% to $3.04 a share. We are raising our full year outlook for adjusted net earnings by $0.10 per share on the lower end of our range and $0.05 per share at the upper end to a new range of $12.40 to $12.65 per share, reflecting the strengthening of our businesses; competitively differentiated offerings; diversified medical market positions; and above all, the value we provide to those we serve. UnitedHealth Group constantly evolves but more so advancing these last 2 decades towards a more diversified, capable, modern and socially responsive health care company. Health care financing and savings, health information and technology, pharmacy and medical care delivery, population and consumer digital health and our many other health benefits and health services offerings are all elements of a broader strategic mission globally to help people live healthier lives and to help make the health system work better for everyone. Every one of our 285,000 team members works every day to make the highest-quality health care more affordable, accessible and responsive to the individual needs of the nearly 140 million people we now serve one person at a time. We look very different today than five years ago. For example, clinical and technology professionals are the first and third largest job categories across UnitedHealth Group. And we will look different again five years from now as we continue to evolve at an accelerated pace. I'll offer one example, within 10 years, we expect half of all Americans will be receiving their health care from physicians operating in highly evolved and coordinated value-based care designs because the outcomes clearly demonstrate properly constructed value-based care arrangements, improved quality and consumer satisfaction while reducing the costs of health care. This structural shift from fragmented fee-for-service medicine is the type of opportunity for which we are built. Specifically, UnitedHealthcare uses data analytics to understand and identify high-performing care delivery partners and then contracts for care under value-based arrangements with these care providers. More directly, OptumCare provides data-driven, highly coordinated, high-value ambulatory care for populations of patients for all payers, including UnitedHealthcare. And we use modern technology and information across the expanse of our enterprise to enable and improve health system performance to the benefit of all consumers and payers across the spectrum of health care. In all of these instances, we design products and services applying clinical knowledge-based resources to optimize health system performance to better serve individuals. There are many other examples of how we are employing these competencies enterprise-wide for the people we are privileged to serve, such as caring for the frail and vulnerable wherever they reside, delivering value and transparency in pharmacy care services or advancing new products and services through our integrated plan and care delivery operations in Brazil. And soon we will offer consumers highly advanced, simplified individual health records. These IHRs will help consumers to better understand and execute next-best health actions to improve individual health and the overall performance of health systems. This will represent the first intelligent, consumer-directed health information capacity in the markets we serve. And we hope, over time, it could help transform the way health information is used in the care process. We are collaborating across the health care sector to improve quality and value for people and seeking to take our performance for them to significantly higher levels as we march towards an NPS average score of 70 across the enterprise over the next five years. We believe UnitedHealth Group remains early in its evolution, with a long runway for growth. My colleagues will give you an update on our businesses and their progress towards this shared vision for the future of health care, starting with Optum's Chief Executive, Larry Renfro.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. We are restless as an enterprise for positive change in health care, and we know the market is as well. That restlessness fuels the pace and intensity with which we are moving this enterprise forward on our mission. We have the right people, tools and assets for the road ahead. Our unique business alignment, capability set and areas of focus position us well for sustained growth and solid returns on capital this year and well into the future. And we are pursuing growth and diversification with emphasis in five key areas, health care delivery, pharmacy care services, consumer-centric benefits, digital health care and global. You have heard elements of our progress in each of these areas throughout our remarks this morning. And you can be sure we are focused on fully executing on this agenda to our full potential given the enormous size of the opportunities we see to serve and to grow; and ultimately provide consistent, strong returns for our shareholders. We see more opportunity and potential in the decade ahead than even the one we have just completed. And importantly, we have an organization and leadership team that is energized and humbled by the real opportunity to help make people healthier and make the health system work better for everyone. We will open the call now for questions. [Operator Instructions].
David Wichmann: Thank you for the question, Matt. I think UnitedHealth Group's growth overall, including its government programs, was again strong this quarter. We had forecast that first quarter commercial insured enrollment would be slightly off. And it's in fact came in that way, but Dan, can you provide some additional color on it? Dan Schumacher.
David Wichmann: So just try to bring more value to those individuals who have the greatest need, those that show up to the pharmacy counter; really trying to drive greater levels of affordability, which obviously will have considerable benefits to them in terms of their overall health and management. And with respect to Andrew Witty joining us, Justin, we're very pleased that he's going to be joining us. As indicated in the announcement, that'll be about the middle of the year. Andrew was here last week. He spent some time with our team, and it's clear that he's going to add considerable capability and capacity to Optum and to UnitedHealth Group broadly. Maybe some of the things I appreciate most about Andrew, just so you have at least my context around this, is his strategic capacities. He has very strong global health care insights. And he's very strong on information and advanced technology both in terms of his curiosity, which is enlightening; as well as his understanding of these areas and what the practical applications are of advanced technologies and information in health care broadly. He also has a very balanced social conscience as well as a growth and financial return orientation; and excels in things like brand, NPS and his consumer skills broadly. And of course, the knowledge that he has around pharmacy is extremely helpful at this critical time in health care broadly. I want to emphasize this is a leadership addition to our organization; in addition, an addition to Larry, who will take on enterprise-wide growth responsibilities for UnitedHealth Group and is overseeing a very robust Optum Ventures platform with about $600 million of committed capital. But leadership is something we have a lot in this company. And in fact, in the room here with me today, we have a lot of the talent that we've attracted over the last year, Andrew Hayek, as an example; Peter Pronovost; Stephanie Fehr; Ken Eller; Patty Horoho; Robert Musslewhite; and many others, too many to really mention. And each and every one of these are courageous, market-based leaders; and I think is a testament to this organization's ability to be able to track that level of talent and deploy it onto the field of health care. So you're going to continue to see that kind of activity where we are acquiring talent, if you will, cultivating the development of that talent. And we're working to retain them, but what you should take away from all that is people are a strength of this company. And we have 285,000 of them, all working in a single direction around advancing a noble mission of UnitedHealth Group.
David Wichmann: Okay, I think we'll start with Dan on the managed care side, and then we'll flip to John Prince on PBM.
David Wichmann: Yes. I can tell you, well, the earnings beat and the forward guidance are a little disconnected because of some of the headwinds we expect or have already experienced in 2017 and expect for -- or 2018, excuse me, and expect for the balance of the year as well. So John will discuss those as well as the tax item.
David Wichmann: Well, collectively, I think we'll organize that into what are the drivers in Medicare giving rise to growth in Medicare. And then also, if you have -- Brian, if you have additional comments on the growth rate, that would be fine, on the [indiscernible].
David Wichmann: So we'd expect continued growth in the Medicare Advantage product lines, both supported by the market broadly as well as our individual capacities to create distinctive offerings and serve seniors.
David Wichmann: And Josh, the these same designs are being deployed in South America, and the early returns on those are very positive as well. We're starting with Brazil, some of which take on care features where we're utilizing our delivery system very tightly. And others are more broadly accessing network-based care. And we can see the same type of designs working in the other 3 South American countries we just advanced as well, so broadly speaking, we think these are -- this is a trend that we'll see evolve globally as well as right here in the United States. Thank you.
David Wichmann: And just as a reminder, Banmédica will be going into winter here in this Q2 and Q3, so it'll actually be a little bit dilutive during that time period. Then it'll come back out in Q4, Q1.
David Wichmann: So A.J., as we've indicated before, we have a strong interest in continuing to build our services business. There's a lot of platforms there that we believe can aid significantly the performance of health systems broadly. Obviously we're making a significant investment in care delivery. We have been on a pretty consistent pace with respect to that. And we are also investing in technology [Technical Difficulty] the capital allocated to Optum Ventures, as we see a growing number of smaller, well-suited organizations that we are partnering with to really open-source innovation into UnitedHealth Group. So those would be just a couple of categories. Obviously we invested in Banmédica in January 31 of this year, so global is still a place where we are making very measured investments and -- but I'd suggest to you that we're looking to add market presence and capability across our business. And you can expect us to still be very strong deployers of capital, recognizing that we want to maintain a very strong balance sheet. Thank you.
David Wichmann: It's the value of a diversified business being able to overcome what are headwinds and that I have to spend a lot of time discussing them in this venue.
David Wichmann: I'm sorry, Ana. We missed the fourth part of your question. You cut out at, I think, a critical time around context, so can you -- if you're on a handset, if you can pick up your handset, please.
David Wichmann: Thank you very much. I think we got it that time. So maybe we'll start with -- there's 3 elements there. The ABCO relationship, Eric Murphy can address that. I think you asked about Renfro and his transition. I can touched -- base on that, as well as Larry himself. And then Andrew address the ASCs.
David Wichmann: Great. Thank you, Larry. We are running a little long today, so we'll take 2 more questions. Hopefully, you found that our answers have been pretty fulsome here this morning and got to the -- most of the interests for the callers today.
David Wichmann: Thank you, Lance. So we'll start with Andrew Hayek on the pace of transition in OptumCare, and then we'll cover out the pharmacy question as well.
David Wichmann: Thank you, John. And thank you for the question, Lance. Again I apologize for not getting to everybody today. Hopefully, you found our responses to be fulsome and a nice augmentation to our release and the prepared remarks that we had for you today. But to sum up that report. UnitedHealth Group entered 2018 with strong momentum, once again delivering solid, well-balanced growth. Optum is serving more consumers and clients than ever before, driving higher revenues, margins and operating earnings. And UnitedHealthcare continued to deliver distinctive growth, serving 2.2 million more people in the first quarter, getting the best care providers and at the best sites for care affordably. Based on the overall performance of our business and our forward view, we've raised our outlook for adjusted earnings per share. We will continue to work to improve the quality of health care and its value for the people we serve one person and one health system at a time. Thank you.
Dan Schumacher: Matt, thanks for the question. To your point, yes, we have had some very strong commercial full insured group growth over the last 3 years. And on the full year for 2018, we likewise expect a growth again, this year. As you look inside that, core of our growth is really the value we're delivering in the market. We have worked hard, as we've talked about in this forum and other forums, about expanding our product offering along the price continuum and creating high-value offerings for people. And those products are products that we are increasingly anchoring with an aligned provider base that's driving greater quality, and Steve Nelson talked to some of that in the prepared remarks; and likewise, improving our consumer experience inside that. To the quarter specifically, we continued to do well in small business. That's a particularly important market segment for us. Our middle market results were tempered, as we shared with you at the investor conference and last quarter. And that really related to how competitors chose to address the reintroduction of the health insurers tax at the employer customer level. So we maintained our focus on pricing to our costs. We included it and, frankly, think that we struck the right balance doing so. Given that the middle market selling season is concentrated in the first half of the year, you will see us return to growth as we progress through the year. And I'd tell you all of that is very consistent with the guidance we've provided you at the investor conference.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Justin, with respect to point-of-sale rebates, I -- from our perspective, we think it's an important step forward. Obviously pharmacy is the most commonly used consumer benefit. And underneath that, the high list prices for medication that's set by manufacturers are -- they're having a major impact on consumers' out-of-pocket costs. And so in partnership with OptumRx, UnitedHealthcare wants to support consumers in accessing the lowest possible costs of their medication. So to that end, beginning 1/1/2019, for more than 7 million fully insured members we are changing our practice to apply manufacturer rebates at the point of sale for consumers. So today, we apply rebates towards reducing overall premium, so shifting it to the point of sale has a very minimal impact overall but has a very big impact to individuals taking those impacted drugs. And I would tell you this is just one step in part of a broader effort by OptumRx and UnitedHealthcare to continue to deliver savings directly to consumers, to really simplify that pharmacy benefit and improve the overall health care experience.
Dan Schumacher: Kevin, with regards to the national account selling season, I would tell you that it's -- at this point, it's very early in the decision cycle. The pipeline itself is a little bit larger, but also the amount that we're defending. For the portion that's resolved at this point, I would say that the early theme is one around incumbency, but at the enterprise we think we have a lot to offer employers looking for progressive solutions to benefits for their employees. And likewise, we expect to again be successful in 2019 on converting retirees into group Medicare Advantage offerings. So we'll look to give you updates on the selling season as we progress through the year. I think you also tucked in a question around tax and pricing inside that I think probably aimed more towards the fully insured marketplace. And I would say at this point we haven't seen any measurable change in pricing related to the tax itself. The reality is the impact is somewhere around 0.5 points, give or take a little bit. Plus, companies have expressed interest in investing some of that money as well, so it gets diluted further. So at this point, we haven't seen anything specific related to the tax pricing.
Dan Schumacher: Sure. Thanks, Steve. Ralph, to your specific question on out of network, we've actually been able to drive that down as a percentage of total spend over the last several years, so making nice progress there. And the reality is all of that's part of our efforts that we've been undertaking for several years to drive towards a value-based health care system. And there's two principal parts to that, first, looking to increase the amount of spend under value-based contracts; and then secondly and importantly, migrating that spend along the risk continuum, so towards managing the health of an overall population. On the amount, right now we've got nearly $65 billion or about half of our medical surgical spend in value-based constructs. That's a year earlier that we had expected to arrive at that destination, and so we've now set our sights towards $75 billion by 2020. And then we've also been very successful in migrating our incentives towards managing the health of a population. So we've moved that. five years ago, about 38% of that value-based spend was in those more progressive relationships. So we've migrated that up to about half as of today, and we'll continue to push forward on that. And as Steve mentioned, we've driven some very nice results across all three lines of business. We see things like lower in-patients' admission rates, lower readmission rates, lower ER use, higher primary care use, more preventative screening, better-quality outcomes on the most commonly tracked metrics. So some very strong results. These practices start with a better baseline, and then they trend at a better rate. In terms of sizing that, somewhere in the 1% to 3% range on a trend basis year in and year out, better than the folks that are outside of these relationships. So we will continue to seek to partner with people that share our vision around driving a truly value-based health care system.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks for the question, Dave. As you said at the outset, we are very pleased with our strong start to the year here in 2018. We are staying aligned to our expectations and the growth not only for the commitments we made but we're also really pleased with the mix of where that growth is. It's really tilted towards very strong well-performing markets for us. So pleased with the start to 2018. As you said, as we look forward to 2019, we are encouraged by the direction of the 2019 rates, up nearly 3 points versus last year. I think it's important to remember the context against the backdrop of a program that has been chronically underfunded over 13% over the past 9 years. So the 2019 rates were needed. They were necessary to cover program costs and keep benefits stable and strong for seniors and help continue our advances in quality and in innovation, but also beyond the rates we're encouraged by what we're seeing with respect to policy changes, several policy changes really providing the framework for continued momentum and popularity. I think we'll see expanded senior choice, more customization of specific population benefits and really the flexibility to expand the value of our benefits, all really very positive advances for those served and those choosing Medicare Advantage. As we look forward, we will certainly approach 2019 with an optimistic mindset and expect for the broad-based benefit stability in the marketplace at large.
Brian Thompson: Sure. Thanks for the question, Steve. Brian Thompson here. Maybe I'll start with a view to our book. We really -- well, we have shown tremendous growth, as you know, in Medicare Advantage over the course of the last four years. We've still been very stable in terms of our demographics and our underlying mix, so we really haven't seen a big shift there, really strong growth. And retention obviously playing a real big role in that growth has really enabled that stability of our book. As we look forward, we have signaled we expect a long-term growth rate in Medicare Advantage around 8%. I think that'll ebb and flow mildly. I would look to 2019 and still expect it probably within that range. As you know, over the course of the past four years, we've meaningfully outperformed that and gained share against that. You made mention around the growth rate being pretty strong inside these rates. I don't like to break down the componentry of the rating buildup. I think you need to look at them all in the broad context, again, of being stronger than it has been historically; several things playing into that strong growth rate, though, for 2019, some of which was some of the statements related to prior years. And as you know, we've suggested an underfunding in prior years, and I think that's supported with the growth rate strength. And some CMS incentive payment changes for their MACRA program et cetera that relate specifically to fee-for-service Medicare. So nothing really in that growth rate that we're seeing that would really -- anything to be gleaned with respect to forward cost trend for us. So again, really optimistic about the outlook very stable in terms of our own book and margin profiles, again aided in large part by our strong, really record-setting retention that we've seen year-over-year.
Brian Thompson: Thanks for the question, Peter. From our vantage point, this marketplace has always been very competitive. For me, it's really less about newfound competitive dynamics; and really more about the optimism we have, the optimism of ushering more seniors into the value Medicare Advantage offers really industry wide. As I said, the Medicare Advantage market continues to be severely underpenetrated. It's 33% today. We see a path, as we mentioned previously, to over 50% over the next 5 to 10 years. And we believe this set of policies and the funding that we see in 2019 are enablers in that regard. So we expect really good, broad-based benefit stability; and are very optimistic about both the industry and our position in it; and think it's great for seniors and the program popularity at large.
John Rex: Yes. John Rex here. Thanks for the question. So I would just also note that the earnings beat is against a consensus view and -- but is more in line with our expectations in terms of where we would -- where we seek to perform. Let me just talk about a few of the other components here, though, as you talk about the tax rate. So also, tax rate really in line with our view. So our view is approximately 24% for the year. That's still the case, and the 1Q effective tax rate was in line with our own expectations. So the main factor that is driving the lower tax rate in the first half of the year is driven by the share-based accounting rule changes that were implemented in -- a couple years ago, the beginning of '16, I believe. So -- and the pattern of our share-based awards creates a higher level of vestings and exercises in the first half, and that's been consistent over time. That 2016 change then drove more volatility in the earnings as a result. And the exercise of share-based awards supports that impact and dependent upon share price and shareholder activity, so a little more difficult to project, but I'd say kind of where we came in, in the 1Q was in line with our expectations. So history continues to be a guide. We expect our lowest effective tax rate in the first half, with 1Q typically somewhat lower than 2Q but depends on activity there. And then there is typically much less exercise activity in the second half of the year, which results in the -- in our highest rates being in that period.
John Rex: Gary, John Rex here. So on an annual basis on -- and for GAAP earnings, Banmédica is neutral. For adjusted EPS, it's $0.05 a share. And that's the amortization impacts of Banmédica coming into the equation.
John Rex: Sure. Let me start with the couple of capital questions here, A.J. So still committed to our long-term 40% debt-to-cap ratio here, so no change from that view on we're expect to be in that zone, that we'll be in that 40% zone. In terms of the share repurchase activity in the quarter, $2.65 billion, we're still tracking to our full year outlook of the $3 billion to $4 billion; as I said, still highly committed to our debt-to-total capital ratio objective. And you should expect to continue to see it, but you're correct. We were able to accomplish a good amount in 1Q given the market conditions, but we will still end the year in that zone even kind of with the things we've discussed thus far in terms of other things coming into the mix of that over the course of the year. In terms of the capital allocation, so I would say no big shifts there. I mean I think it's really kind of the elements that Dave has articulated in terms of the types of investments we want to make in the company in terms of where we're putting the capital, but I wouldn't tell you there has been a big shift. And it's very consistent with the elements that Dave laid out. It's...
John Rex: Yes, Zack. So in the quarter, the impact of influenza on MCR would be about 40 basis points. And just a few things that I'd like to point out on that, though. So I think the way we think about it, flu is just one factor that can and often does occur in any given year. And you should expect that's what -- we do our best to manage through that as we provide good care and actives for our patients and can control the costs appropriately. That's what we do here. And at the same time, and Dave referenced this, we're increasingly diversified in our health businesses. Some benefits of that, we have this relatively small but growing presence in the southern hemisphere, where the first quarter for the southern hemisphere is also the height of summer. And that's experience of seasonally low utilization. In addition, our growing domestic care delivery businesses had a very busy first quarter, which is another balancing quarter, a factor in the payer. So to be sure, these businesses are modest in scope when you compare them to the domestic help businesses, but it is having impact. And so you should increasingly see, as a broad-based health care company, that -- rather than solely an insurer, you should expect us to continue to work, overcome those factors and deliver the consistent and balanced growth that you saw in this quarter.
