Henry Fernandez: Thanks, Andy. I apologies for a little bit of scratchy voice and cough. Like many American now, I’m battling a cold. As Andy indicated, Baer Pettit, our President will be joining us on this call and will be joining us going forward. As some of you know, Baer has worked side by side with me for over 18 years and building this great company. I will provide a brief intro, and then pass it on to Baer for – go our few slides and then Kathleen for the financial review. As you can see by the full-year results on Slide 4, we are seeing the enormous potentials and power of the MSCI franchise and the progress that we have made perfecting this – our go-to-market strategy, our continued company innovation and the enhanced capabilities that we’ve been building across our software applications and services, all of which have been delivered as one integrated company. These record results and strong performance have not happened by accident. They reflect a very strong progress that we’ve made over the last few years that we’ve been reporting to you on our organization, and how we’re executing against our – both our strategic and financial roadmap. So we saw also an acceleration in some of our key leading indicators with subscription run rate growth of 11% versus 7% in 2016. We saw recurring net new sales for the quarter and the year with growth of 60% in Q4 and 37% for the full-year, reflecting again the strong progress we have made as an organization and as a team, in this particular case, in product development and client engagement. We remain absolutely committed to continue to generate positive operating leverage for our shareholders through our relentless focus on enhancing productivity throughout the company. Kathleen will discuss in more detail, but it’s also worth noting that we will be benefiting significantly from the newly passed U.S. tax reform law in 2018, both in terms of a lower effective tax rate going forward and very importantly the ability to repatriate a meaningful amount of our international excess cash. As in prior calls, we want to tell you, we remain absolutely committed on optimizing and having the most efficient capital structure in our company and returning any excess capital back to shareholders along the lines of the same principles that we have outlined in the past. So in sum, we expect all of this will further enhance, what we call, our financial algorithm. We’ll continue to drive very attractive long-term shareholder returns. Let me turn it over to Baer now.
Henry Fernandez: Thanks, Alex, that’s a good question. Look, we’re very, very keenly focused on organic growth in the company. We believe that we have a lot of the footprint necessary to capitalize on all the opportunities that we see in the market. And if there’s any M&A, is kind of fillers here and there. But there’s also a lot of bullions in the M&A market. So we look at certain assets and the evaluation has been stretched. So we have felt that we can do that organically and fixed income Analytics is an example of that for ESG, potential is our examples of that, et cetera. So we’re not really converse and to play therefore any kind of bigger acquisitions, if anything it’s just smaller icons alike. And one area we’re very focused on is technology, natural language processing, artificial intelligence and things like that, right? So therefore, that brings the question of the capital back to what do we believe if it’s not there, right, if it’s not for any kind of acquisitive growth. Look, I – we believe that we earn a bull market, and sooner or later, there’s going to be a correction and we want to capitalize on that. And obviously, if a long time goes by and it doesn’t happen, then we’l have to reassess and move forward. But for now, we – the tax law just past. The excess cash currently on the balance sheet to date in New York or in the U.S. is $250 million. We have not been yet able to bring it back. It will take few months to bring it back, because there’s a lot of procedures associated with it. We think it could be up to $350 million or so that we can bring back. We’re still analyzing all of that, because we don’t want to pay large withholding taxes in various places. And that now creates a little bit of a larger amount of excess cash we can deploy, now we’ll be patient. I think, at the end of the day, look, I realized what you’re saying. But I also don’t want to wake up and say, we deployed all these cash back to shares and then a month later, there was a correction and we didn’t capitalize on.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, good question, Joe. The – obviously, this is – has been hard work for the last three years or so. And I just want to reiterate what Kathleen said, which is a quarter doesn’t make a year. We feel very pleased and very proud of what we did in Q4. But this is kind of a product line that gets lumpy on us. So it don’t normalize the fourth quarter yet. I mean, we’ve got to wait that four or five quarters of similar performance before we feel like that, right? And that’s how we look at it internally. And so what has worked for us is an extreme focus on repositioning the product line, right? And focusing on the areas of the product line that are core and we want to grow and harvest parts of the product line that where we want to invest in or spend. And obviously, the core of the product line is equity analytics, fixed income analytics, and multi-asset class risk and performance. And we do have a – I don’t know, $20 million of run rate that is not the core that is being harvested and that’s growing at a lower growth rate and that’s always that obviously, we’re managing. So that’s one thing that has helped us put the resources in the right places. Then the position with the product line with the client base, let’s say, equity analytics. Everyone is trying to invest along factor lines, or understand what their factor portfolios are. So we are more proactively talking and consulting with clients as to how they can use this set of risk models and this set of analytics to be able to help them, particularly the active manager clients and the hedge fund clients, they’re sort of long – equity long short hedge fund clients. So that has created a meaningful amount of growth for us on equity analytics. On multi-asset class analytics and risk, the initial position of this product line was, okay, we’re going to put up a tool in your shop, it’s going to grow performance, attribution and risk analysis and you’re going to use it for that. And that’s obviously is a primary use case. But a lot of our active manager clients are saying, it has to be more than that. I got to be able to use this framework to help me scale the business and cut a lot of costs inside the organization to cut a lot of cost. So we go in there and help them integrate the thing and that’s why somewhat it delays in recognition of revenue, right, integrated thing in a way that it fulfils those two objectives that it is a platform for them to scale their business, communicate internally, and report to their clients and understand risk and performance. But at the same time, it’s got to be a way for them to create efficiencies and lower the cost structure and eliminate a lot of resources. So that has helped us a lot. Lastly has been fixed income analytics. We started initially investing in a lot of fixed income analytics portfolio- fixed income portfolio analytics in the context of the changes that are going on in that place with the acquisition of point by Bloomberg, and that was the initial focus and we continue to do that. But what we found out was that that we had a lot more payback. If we took a lot of that fixed income analytics and play it hard on the multi-asset class risk and performance and go get a large mandates for banks, for example, or big fixed income players. So this – last quarter, we are extremely proud that two of the most significant fixed income managers and banks subscribed to our multi-asset class risk and portfolio analytics, largely on the basis of our fixed income offering. One large bank in Asia and one of the largest fixed income asset manager dedicated fixed income asset manager, particularly with a lot of our loan offerings and things like that. So that has driven the revenue growth and all the efforts in integration, where the client has driven the local cancels.
Henry Fernandez: And big component of that has been – the – again, the approach we’re taking, as Baer indicated, we’re deepening on the relationship, which is traditionally MSCI has been built by subject matter experts in MSCI, talking to the individual user in the organization of the client. And therefore, obviously, that made it into a product sale very specific to their equities, or fixed income, or risk, or whatever. So the approach that we’re taking and is led by Baer, Laurent and me on the road constantly is to go see the C-level people, the CIO, the CEOs of our largest client. And basically, we go there with a value proposition. And the value proposition is, look, we are a – we have an incredible franchise that can help you achieve your strategic goals and objectives, or creating new products and direct revenue, cutting costs, medium regulatory requirements. Do you want to be a strategic partner? Do you want us to be a strategic partner to you or not? And if you do, let’s do a one day brainstorming session and let’s come up with all the various areas that we can help you achieve your goals and objectives. And so we’ve done a few of those and they’re incredibly powerful. And loan released things come out of that. So that we’re now trying to obviously – we’ve done, I think, quite a lot of cases, but we’re now scaling it to the – I think we have a like 125 clients or so in this category over the – not over them yet, for sure, at a strategic partners level, there is a big commitment of time resources from them and us. But considering those with all of that, yes, they want to embrace us to be partnership.
Henry Fernandez: Okay. So let me take the first one there. So the go-to-market strategy on the factor box. So first of all, the launch that we had was extremely positive and there’s a clearly a big demand in the market from clients to have a common language. And I think that that is true to – definitely through the institutional market, but even much more so in the advisor market. So the plan is to both work on communicating first of all, because we just launched it this framework across all of our client types and then work with them to adopt this chiefly as a method of communicating to their clients about the nature of their portfolios. So we’re early days on this, but the initial response has been extremely positive and we had a quite a number of meetings set up even in the last week or so since we launched in. And obviously, these things don’t happen. I mean, everything at MSCI, as Baer went through in his slide, is a looping system, right? So we have been consulting with a large, large number of clients on this certification for the year-and-a-half or so. So we got enormous amount of feedback and excitement from them, so that’s already baked into even before the kind of official launch of it. Look, on fees on – for example, the fees on factors, we take a fairly similar pricing approach to market cap on ETF and retail funds and things like that. So that’s not that’s different. Obviously, in some domestic markets, if we’re saying we’re launching a factor ETF on MSCI U.S., or in Japan or whatever, it has to be congruent with the pricing of domestic or domestic portfolios in ETF as opposed to government pricing, right? The area where we have gone exceedingly well is in the institutional market, four factors and ESG, which is given the market cap indices, we make good money, but it’s relatively lower compared to ETF and others in the ETF. What we’ve been able to do is significantly ramp up the fees that we get paid in those index portfolios that are institutionally managed, mostly separate accounts or own vehicles by passive managers on factors and ESG. And the principal reason for that is, when we engage with institutional clients on this topic, typically, these decisions have a very material impact on their investment outcomes or process, and the alternatives that they would have to do that are higher fee. So we can both have an attractive fee for ourselves, add value to the clients and provide them with an economic incentive to work with us.
Henry Fernandez: But it’s also – it’s clearly this increase in the fourth quarter versus the rest of the year. Obviously, it’s not just us, right? It is – the clients have increasingly designed budgets for the year and way towards the latter part of the year to see where things are headed in their organization and if there is an extra budget, they want to spend it. So that is gone, right, and going to the following year. So that has played a bit of a role there as well. So maybe in a not more normalized environment and budgetary process of our clients that gets reduced, but that’s becoming a little bit of a new norm right.
Henry Fernandez: So the – first of all, the hero of the quarter within Analytics was obviously fixed income Analytics in the context of both a multi-asset class offering being subscribed or purchased because of the strength of our fixed income, or the example that I gave of a pure play fixed income manager. So we have more of the pipeline. But again, there would be lumpy. But we’re very excited about that because of all of the investments that we’ve made so far, and new investments that we’ve made but are not yet into the product line. So a year or so ago we are correct team of mortgage repayment models experts in the U.S. and they developed very, very good classic models and all that. And we’re going to put that into the product line and that may help us penetrate the U.S. fixed income market more. So that’s the hero. Yes, increasingly, our Analytics sales and that’s also why they get lumpy are larger deals. So the average or medium ticker is moving up. And now, every quarter, we have a number of million-plus sales that, in the past, was maybe one, and therefore, that’s operating. But in addition to that, we’re also selling a lot of other smaller-ticket items for medium case uses and the like. So it’s a combination of all of that. And the other piece to this thing, as I said, is that we’re positioning this – we use to position it as a tool. We’ll give you a tool, you figure out what to do with it and call us when you have issues. We’re positioning this thing as a solution and the services that need to go with that solution to help the client use the tools, right? And we have some early successes of that, but we definitely are excited about the potential of that coming.
Henry Fernandez: Sure. So I think that they are a perfect normal example of increasing competition in business, in industry that growing very attractively and which clearly is creating enormous opportunity for us. As of today, they are not a material competitor for us. But I would say that our general approach is to really look at any client needs that arise from developments in the industry and try to be as flexibility as we can in serving them. So I wouldn’t be surprised if there were more of these that appear over the next few years. But I think we’re very confident about our value proposition and we’re very confident that we have a very broad range of index solutions, not barely the name benchmarks, but helping our clients create custom indexes and other types of solutions that server their needs. So I think, it’s perfectly normal, capital is competition. We’re comfortable with it and it’s not having a material impact on us today, but we’re not complacent.
Henry Fernandez: It’s – there’s certainly a revolution happening in this space, which is, in a small integrated world, we all have to be cognizant. Of the sustainability of all of our institutions was occasional government or religious or whatever, political, et cetera. In this case, it’s obviously, the institutions of capital it’s more of enterprise which is companies and investors in those companies or issuers of bond then investors and issuers of bond. So everyone is focused on being universal owners that followed by the investor for example, I want to a company for a very long time. I need to ensure the long-term sustainability of that company. I don’t want to ensure that they’re not going to get into social programs because of sexual harassment or environmental issues or obviously, government issues. So this is spreading pretty well and fast in the investment industry and we’re aiming that because of our position in the marketplace. So I see a huge amount of runway there. Secondly, we are extremely well positioned to use this low ESG content into a variety of ways. Clearly, content itself like ratings, we’re the number one rating agency, so to speak in the industry matters, equities and fixed income right now. Secondly, – the turning those ratings into weeks, into portfolios and from ability. And then thirdly, which is an area that we’re putting in place is how do we use ESG as factors – market factors that determine incentive risk and portfolio – incentive risk and return on portfolio. So we’re well positioned to be the integrated provider of all of that to our clients. So a lot of our growth is organic and is largely going to remain organic. We have looked at our few acquisitions here and there. They were more complicated to buy them and integrate them to do it ourselves, so we passed and – but we continue to look particularly in each areas. But right now, it’s been focused on organic growth, right, not inorganic.
Henry Fernandez: Look, over time, it’s not negative for us, maybe a positive. There’s clearly a change of business model here, and there’s intermediation of “research,” if you want to think about it that way. So question is what role will MSCI play? Nontraditional role that MSCI play to fill in the vacuum of providing a different kind of research to evaluate securities and portfolios and the like. And we we’re kicking up sort of brainstorming session about vocabulary way too early to tell.
Henry Fernandez: Hey, look, I – what I said before, which is the position of the product line from – here’s a tool and we’ll implement it to – here’s a solution and the services to achieve that to help you do a lot more inside the client organization. So that that’s going to take more time. And therefore, the recurring revenue of those recognized until we’re done with that phase – the implementation phase, which are one-time fees and those will be – there’ll be one-time charges that go – one-time revenues that go, but the recurring gets delayed and that’s a little bit of what’s happening with this delay in revenue recognition. But look, there’s nothing to worry about. We’re just telling you that’s why – that’s happening.
Henry Fernandez: Well, in index, it’s relatively stable, obviously, ESG five, seven years ago, it was a very, very different industry. So we’ve become a huge player in it during that time. And in analytics, I think that there has been a rationalization of the equity analytics providers and we come out on top in all that and a multi-asset class a little bit like that. In multi-asset class, there was – people only fixed income, not only in equity, I mean, not only multi-asset class, but was strength in fixed income only, or only in multi-asset class the strength in equity only. There’s conversion a little bit. In our case, with the entry into a lot of a fixed income and private-asset classes. So that’s what is happening. And obviously, larger players have come into the picture or is it black or is large player here and has been for a long time. Bloomberg have seen some kinds of offerings that they’re trying to work and factor as it comes into offering. So this will be a competitive landscape, but it’s a wide open field with a huge amount of used cases and users and each competitors are very unique differentiated sort of positioning that they’re trying to capitalize from. And we feel that even though competitive is not intense at this point.
Henry Fernandez: Well, first of all, I mean, we want to be cautious, because we have been here before for three years, which would say, things are getting better and then next quarter things don’t, right? So and we’re telling you precisely the same things we’re going do both internally, because quarter doesn’t make a year to begin with for sure. So – but we are cautiously optimistic, because there are two, three things. I mean, literally, every asset manager pension fund in the world who have a system like and we offer in order to make them productive, scale out, understand risk and return and all of that. So that value proposition in general is very strong. What happens is that, it needs to be sort mixed into the process of what they have internally their legacy system, their culture, who is using what and all of that. So that gets into a melting part of things. So we’re trying to sort that out with a lot of our clients. And then lastly, I – we are very optimistic about that the repositioning of this. If you go sell a tool for risk and performance, people have to come up with additional budget to do this. If you go sell it, yes, it’s going to do risk and performance, but it’s going to help your streamline your operations, cut costs, communicate better, then it comes out of – they have funding. They will restructure. They will get rid of certain people. They will do certain things and I mean grew for us, so that’s the process. So we’re cautious, for sure, because we’ve been here and we don’t want to be telling you a thing that we will believe in. But we’re also be cautiously optimistic, because this thing is going our away.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. Just to echo what Henry said, look, we think there’s about 350 and possibly more than that that will bring back. But it doesn’t come back immediately, it does come back most likely in the first – by the end of the first-half. But a lot has to happen to get that back in terms of auditing of legal entities, their withholding tax in local jurisdiction. So we want to make sure we are smart and diligent and we’re brining it all back in the most cost-efficient manner back we can, and we’ll continue to be disciplined from a capital allocation standpoint and wait for those moments of volatility.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, a couple of questions you have there. So from an FX standpoint, I mean, you’re right, in terms of the impact to us, but it’s typically very minimal. We are typically – have some good natural hedges in place. And so we see really small impacts from an FX perspective. In terms of the ADF environment and AUM levels, that does turn around and we see a correction downward movement. Obviously, yes, we get impacted by that. And as the percentage of our ADF fees grow as a percentage of total company, there is more of an impact there. So we are really, really diligent at doing scenario planning, and saying, okay, we’re going to build a base plan, but less scenario plan for both an upside and a downside. And if a downside happens, what do we do and what are our levers. So we’ve been pretty detailed about looking at what levers we do have in terms of variable expenses. And in particular, we would look at things like the variable component of compensation and we watch very closely. And furthermore, we kind of track as we go. We plan the year and we say, yes, we wanted to do a certain level of investment spending. But we are tracking it very closely as we go before we kind of pull the trigger on each level of spending.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. Let me just reiterating a little bit of what Henry touched on. Look, Q4 was obviously a great quarter for analytics, and frankly, we’ve seen some really nice momentum during the course of the year. If you look at the recurring subscription sales for Analytics, remember, we started Q1 being down from a year-over-year perspective and then trended upward each and every quarter this year, so really nice improvement. And what we’re seeing some improvement in the operating environment, we also are seeing that the covered organization is executing really well, and remember, we have our sales incentive program in place now since 2016. So great quarter. We’re beginning to see what we’ve been talking about for a couple of years now in terms of returning to higher growth. But I really want to stress as we know, the quarters can be lumpy in terms of sales and cancels. Q4 had a great combination, where we saw both high sales and low cancels. So we certainly shouldn’t take the Q4 performance and try to extrapolate that or assume every quarter would be that good. We will get some variability on this from quarter-to-quarter.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. Toni, hi. It was pretty consistent this year with the prior year in terms of both the price increases and price as a percentage of sales for both index and analytics. I mean, we typically try to plan pretty conservatively in terms of how much we’ll get from price. But in fact, in Analytics, we did quite well this year versus how we planned the year. So we’re pretty happy about that.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. So the pipeline is looking pretty strong right now. And as we look at kind of how pipeline looked going into Q1 last year versus how it looks going in this year, we’re in about the same position. And remember, as I said and given to your seasonality question and your question on the incentive plan, we’re seeing a greater percentage of sales – new sales coming in the fourth quarter and last coming in the first-half. So the sales incentive plan now has the entire sales or coverage organizations aligned to sales and cancels metrics. And we think that’s being very effective. And like I said, you’re seeing that come through in the strength in the Q4 results.
Kathleen Winters: We – the amount out of, what I’ll call, the minimum cash balances, the operating cash hasn’t changed from what we historically have said. So $100 million, $125 million in the past we said in the U.S. and about $75 million outside of the U.S., but now it’s tangible right. So you don’t have to think about it in terms of the regions anymore, but just in terms of total excess cash balances. So continue to think about it consistent with what we’ve said previously.
Kathleen Winters: Yes. So just to add a little to that, because we’ve got this mix of both some bigger ticket items, as well as still having a pretty high volume of lower dollar, I’ll call it, sales. We’ve got this high-volume asset, where our systems and processes becomes so important in terms of being able to have the wide system that gives us good timely accurate data and the process to use the systems. The organization has gotten much tighter and we’re much more rigorous about how we use our sales force to enable us to look at pipeline to take that pipeline and put it into the different stages of pipeline and then effectively manage and push those things through pipeline to execution. So the systems and the process is really, really important. From a – just to give a little more color in terms of regionally, we saw strength for Analytics in each and every region. The total net new for the year was very strong across all three regions and things strengthen the Asset Manager segment and the Banking segment, in particular.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, thanks for the, Anj. Yes, if you look at midpoint, there’s a very slight increase in terms of how we’ve kind of managed and guided expenses in the past. Look, we’re really focused on balancing, both investment and expense growth. We’re very confident in our ability to execute on investments. We’ve got an excellent management team in place, a processes, as I’ve talked about previously are even more robust than they were in the past. So we’ve really got a really high-level of confidence in terms of being able to execute on what are quite frankly some really high-return projects. And we got a track record now of delivering on those high-return projects. You can see the results in Factors and ESG. You can see fixed income starting to payoff. So given the high-return projects we have, it just makes good economic sense to accelerate these investments.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Hi, it’s Baer here. So clearly, we have to distinguish the market movements, which we’re not going to take a specific position on, and you can make a judgment yourself as to how you feel that might end up. But in terms of passive and index investing, we don’t see that there is a change in the outlook. We continue to see increasing allocations from investors, both from institutional and advised investors. So I would say, the trend is continuous. The market level correction could have a slight impact on that. But in terms of the overall direction, we’re not seeing anything that’s different from what we’ve seen over the last quarter’s or years. And it’s also migrating. Obviously, the big part of all of this was market cap. So think of it as transition exposures and markets and sectors around the world. And we doing very well there with the DM part, OEM and all of that the country and everything. But that’s the one chart that we show you there. And now we’re seeing that going into attributes, so these are more or less – almost like less supply-driven, meaning not supply securities, but you know how our objectives in investing in momentum and investing in low –in high-quality stocks or whatever. So that is just in the early stages of a huge evolution. And behind that is now is the ESG component, which is kind of take the market caps and we weigh them on the basis of ESG and manage the portfolio passively or actively. And that’s the early stages and we are by far the best position to capitalize on that. And we’re already beginning to get a little bit of, still very early stages. So this institutionally our clients saying, oh, you got to help me combine the factors and the ESG into one holistic portfolio. So we got a long, long way to go here that will significantly expand the market and our presence in it.
Baer Pettit: Sure. I think, it’s all of the above, because there’s such a significant portion of our revenues that is hard to attribute one particular factor. I think, it really is – the most significant element is the deepening of the relationship and their consciousness of what we can offer across the various product lines and critically the connectivity between those. So clearly, we’ve – there has been some price component in it, but less for them than for this – for some of the medium-sized clients actually. But it’s chiefly the deepening of relationships, where they are using more of our tools more broadly within the organization.
Baer Pettit: I’m sorry to interrupt you, try to keep everyone to two questions here, so we can get everyone’s questions. So I apologize…
Baer Pettit: Yes. Look, I think, it is quite early. Clearly, the – there’s kind of, what I’ll call, the technical first moment of executing on some of the transparency, which I think in terms of our systems everything has been fine. And I think, in terms of the competitive landscape and the impact on our clients, it is really too early. So, there’s – clearly, there has been some prognosis amongst the market analyst that the impact on the – for example, the equity analyst industry could be dramatic. But it’s just too early, so we’ll have to see how that plays out during the course of the year.
