Andrew Wiechmann: Sure. Sure. Yes. Thanks, Toni. So just on the comment about growth. Obviously, we don't provide top line guidance, so I'm not going to touch that. But I would highlight that -- and you see this in our long-term targets, over the long term, positive operating leverage, very marginal and positive operating leverage is something that's embedded in the business model. But our core focus today is really investing in the very attractive and large opportunities in front of us. We did that last year. And in the expense guidance that you see here, we're planning to continue to do that.  I would highlight that the largest driver of the growth in expenses really is those investment dollars. So it's investing in all the attractive opportunities that we've talked about and believe are very compelling, long-term secular opportunities. We do have some carryover impact from the 2021 hiring and investments, and now we're going to continue to invest in 2022. Behind that, it is worth highlighting and noting that there is an impact from RCA, getting the full year impact of RCA expenses, which feeds into that expense guidance. And then the smallest contributor is same-store wage increases, and we are projecting slightly higher wage increases than we typically do. But this is the smallest item, and we do have a number of levers at our disposal to manage through wage impacts both on the expense line item but also at the top line where we have a value-based pricing approach, which positions us very well for inflationary environments. 
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. I'd say it's consistent with the approach we've taken in the past where as we delever, we look for opportunities to take the leverage back up. In this case, it would be new capital, so new money, additional cash coming in. And that would be used for general corporate purposes, including potentially repurchases, potentially some targeted MP&A. But it's really just taking advantage of an attractive financing market if we see it. And if we do, we're confident that we can get a good return on that capital, whether it goes towards continued repurchases at potentially attractive levels or MP&A or organic corporate purposes. 
Andrew Wiechmann: And Ashish, I heard you reference the futures and options -- listed futures and options run rate as of 12/31 was $54 million. The over-the-counter derivatives opportunities that are very closely related but different show up in our nonrecurring index revenue, and there is also some portion in the recurring subscription revenue as well. So the geography there is just slightly different on the over-the-counter products. 
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. So you highlighted correctly our baseline assumption here is that markets remain relatively flat for the year. I would say our top objective is really investing in the long term, very attractive opportunities we see in front of us in index. We're not trying to solve for a specific index margin per se. We really are, as a top priority, trying to drive leadership in these key large big markets.  Just regarding more generally, your upturn and downturn playbook, it's a constant calibration. So it's not only based on where AUM levels are at any point in time, but it's looked -- it's based on the outlook, and it's based on the success we're seeing in the areas we're investing in. We do have some self-adjusting expenses in comp and some discretionary areas that we can go to pretty easily. But generally, the last thing we want to do is impact those key investment areas. And so at any point in time, we may decide to pull back on expenses if the market goes down. But if the market goes up, we're likely going to start to invest even more in these very attractive opportunities. So it's tough to be more prescriptive than that, but I would say it's an ongoing calibration and something that we are continually focused on and having discussions around. 
C. Pettit: So thanks, Toni. So it's absolutely critical. So I think that at this stage, roughly 45% of our ESG data comes from alternative sources. So we're highly dependent both on, I would say, the expertise and depth and breadth of our research and our data environment, the combination of both of those. So I think we're very far from a stage where data in either ESG or climate is anything like a commodity. We're doing a lot of interesting and new research in this area. We're stepping up our investment dramatically, and that includes in both our infrastructure for managing all of that data. It includes the software, which enables us to go directly to issuers and makes it very easy for them to send us that data. And it also includes precisely those alternative data techniques such as natural language processing that allow us to go broader and deeper to look for topics such as controversies in the ESG area and new sources of information in climate. So this is really central to what we do in -- at MSCI generally and in ESG and climate, and we're very confident that it will be central to our competitive advantage for quite a number of years to come. 
C. Pettit: Alex, Baer again. So look, the biggest driver is clients needing to report to either within certain organized frameworks, such as TCFD, or to their investors and to look at the climate exposures across their portfolios or, for example, within a given index or an index exposure. So we're really working around the clock as it were to meet a lot of those demands.  Now there are subcomponents of that. There are elements of physical risk in climate risk. So there are building blocks of those type of the climate exposures or climate reporting needs. But overwhelmingly today, if you want to put it in very plain English, people want to know what is going on in their portfolio and their security exposures as it relates to the climate transition and to keep them on either the portfolio itself or in the interest of their investors to record where they are in the path to net zero, where many of them have set goals and targets, right? So really, and if you think about that, it's an enormous effort for transparency and understanding in a category where the underlying data and assets is extremely broad. So that's where really our work is going on. 
C. Pettit: Yes, Manav. So look, I'm not going to go into like every data center on this call. But directionally, what I would say is first of all, which we're very excited about, we have moved all of our ESG, climate products into the cloud. They were the first. They're clearly amongst our newer areas relatively, but what that allows us to do is to work in an environment, where in keeping with the previous topics we've just been discussing here, we can enormously accelerate innovation, right? So we're very excited about that because it really means that it's a critical step forward in ensuring that we keep up with this enormous demand and that our investments are not merely in the data -- the underlying data, the research people but also in the infrastructure supporting all of that. So I think, generally, we're very happy with the cloud progression. We -- I think 2022 is going to be an even more important year for us and really critical. And on top of that, we're doing this on kind of a cash spending neutral basis across where we were before. So I think it's a great story for innovation. It's a great story for the future of the company, and we'll keep you guys updated as we make progress. 
C. Pettit: Yes. So look, we're pleased with the quarter we had. We -- I think we've got some strong plans in some of the growth areas that we've mentioned in analytics before, such as fixed income. We're really doing a lot of work also to ensure that the upside that we have in ESG and climate is translated into our Analytics business. And I think we're just generally really being in a very client-focused mode, and they paid off in Q4. So we hope to be able to continue to show positive numbers as we go into the next quarter. We always have a certain amount of lumpiness there. But I think with the continued improvements in both our content and our platforms, we will -- we intend to continue to show that we can move the run rate up and with that, the revenue with time. 
C. Pettit: Yes. So look, I think it's a mixture of things as in all these circumstances. We've clearly been continuing to invest in the quality of our products continuously. We've also been extremely focused from a client coverage point of view on client retention and put enormous amount of effort into making sure that we contact clients, that we monitor their use of our products, that we're regularly ensuring that they're getting value out of them. And so I think it's probably those 2 things. Maybe it's been a reasonably good environment, too, at the end of the year overall. But I think it's, for sure, I hope and believe both the quality of the products and the extreme client service focus on client retention. 
C. Pettit: Yes. So maybe just -- I don't know if we're giving out those exact numbers yet going forward,  but maybe on a slightly higher level, we're really pleased with the integration process with RCA. We did some internal surveys, and the RCA team is extremely enthusiastic about being part of MSCI. We're in the process of integrating both what you can prudently call the front and the back office. And we're putting together a very clear, combined real estate go-to-market strategy. So, so far, everything is going well. And I think what we've got here to all the real estate clients, whether they were MSCIs or RCAs, really shows our commitment to both the asset class and the -- very shortly, I think we'll see a lot of cross-fertilization of content and data, which will give us even better client offerings. 
C. Pettit: Look, I think in a narrow sense, we haven't made any changes, but we have fantastic leadership in our client coverage organization. So I'd just like to call out Alvise Munari and his team who have done really an outstanding job across the globe. And it's just exciting to be around the organization because we have just really smart, positive, energetic leaders. I mentioned earlier that this is not only in sales but in client service and everything we do with our consultants to help our clients. So I just think we've -- and we have made, as ever, in any client coverage organization, we've made some tweaks to how we approach certain client segments. We're very focused on senior client relationships, which as we have been for a number of years. So all those things bring cumulative benefits over time. But just across the board, I think we've got a great team. We've got great leadership. We've got people who are really committed, and that's what we're getting from it. 
Henry Fernandez: Yes. Well, thanks, Alex, for that question. Now first of all, there's been no impact on our clients and client request. If anything, because of the controversy that has been created in the [indiscernible] press, as you call it. Clients have become more intrigued because one of the [ tenets of these reporters ] was that MSCI is the leading provider of all of this. So people want to come to us because of that. Secondly, and as Baer indicated in the prepared remarks, we at MSCI serve a large number of different type of investors. In ESG and in climate, we serve investors that are looking to integrate ESG and climate considerations into their investment process and, therefore, they only focus on financial risk associated with ESG controversies and ESG issues or climate issues in security selection or pricing of -- in their portfolios, right? The second type of investors are impact investors. And those are very different than the ones that are looking for financial metrics only. These are investors that are looking to, as the name says, make an impact in what they do, and some of them may be willing to give up returns. And the mandate that they've been receiving [ as a fiduciary ] indicates that they could do that. The third type of investors is values-based investors, religious organizations and the like in which they want to -- they only want to be investing in what they believe in and are willing to give up substantial returns sometimes for that or increase risk in their portfolios for that. So we serve every one of those types of investors. So I think a lot of what has been twisted and done in these kinds of controversies in the media is a particular tool. These ESG ratings are largely used by this -- by people who are looking for financial risk on that. So I think that everyone that we have talked to as a consequence of these articles has completely recognized the differences between one thing and another. And many of them have indicated that it is very incredible to have people that think that they can take  [ fiduciaries ] money  and go out and fight social causes with the  [ fiduciaries ] money, when that is not part of their mandate. So a lot of what these articles have been allocating is for people like you and others on this call to go out and invest and get lower returns on the basis of helping different parts of the world. And that is -- that's not what it is in your mandates and how people run money. So there are others that do that, and we serve all kinds of investors. We don't tell them what to do. We provide the tools for them to achieve their investment objectives, not ours. 
Henry Fernandez: So the opportunity is very, very large in the context of the creation of a new market. There are 2 types of opportunities, one, in selected areas to create single-country, single-currency index futures and options and structural products that come out of that. Those are -- that's traditionally what we have been doing. But in the last 5, 7 years or so, we have opened up with our partners in derivative exchanges, the market for multicountry, multicurrency index futures options and those being used for structural products and over-the-counter products and the creation of investment vehicles. So that is in the context of the emerging market index futures and options, the EAFE index futures and options, the European one, the trade in Europe, et cetera, and the like. So we are very pleased with the -- so that opportunity is multiples, multiples of what we have right now. It's just going to -- just takes time to grow and educate the market and the work that the exchanges have to do to promote these products, et cetera. So we continue to do that. Now this particular product, China Asia futures was -- is an access product that, as you know, you can either go directly to the mainline to try to trade the local index futures or trade another futures that trades in Singapore or come to Hong Kong and look at this one. The benefit of these futures and the reason for this tremendous success is that even though it's narrow, [ 50 stocks ], it is sector balanced. It is constructed in a way that represents the broad market of China rather than the top 50 companies in the country, right? So there is a secular presentation from the major areas, the major industries in China. And it has been incredibly successful. And on the heels of that, our clients have launched EPS on that inside China and in Hong Kong, and we have converted certain other clients around in the U.S. and in Europe from other indices to this one. And all in, when you include the notional amount that -- in open interest in the futures contract and you include the assets that have been raised in EPS, we're already upwards of $10 billion in a short period of time. So that bodes well for a continuation of that -- of products to use. 
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So clearly, in everything we do, have enormous pricing power. That is undisputed at MSCI, and our clients understand that, too. For us, though, it's -- we also have a responsibility to ensure that our interests continue to be aligned with clients in the context of how we deliver value and how do we do price increases relative to the way they run their cost structure and their business. So we've been very prudent in terms of that balancing act.  Clearly, as we have been making enormous investment in the data that goes into the products, the tools are being refined. The models are being refined. The client experience is getting better. The resources on client service are much larger as I indicated just a few minutes ago. All of that means that we're giving higher value to clients. And then secondly, as certain areas of our business have inflation -- higher inflation, particularly wage inflation, we're bound to be putting higher price increases this year than in prior years but in a way that is consistent to the approach we've always done in terms of never jump in the market, never abusing any kind of situation. We're trying to be constructive, at the same time being financially prudent and delivering -- and getting a return for the investment that we have made in a lot of our products. 
Henry Fernandez: Let me also -- if you don't mind -- yes, let me -- Craig, let me also add that the -- when we say markets, remember that our asset-based business is completely diversified across geographies, whether it's Japan and Asia -- it's Japan, whether it's Europe, whether it's in the U.S., Canada, emerging markets, all that is diversified -- is highly diversified with respect to market cap indices, thematic indices, ESG indices, climate indices, et cetera. And it's diversified on our asset-based fees from  the, what we call the institutional passive and the listed ETF products.  So when you look at the totality, we're assuming that when you put all of that together in the blender, that is going to be flattish. That's our base assumption. There is -- that doesn't mean that there is not a huge sector rotation, but if sourcing goes up and the other thing goes down, that there will be money flowing to the U.S. maybe from emerging markets or whether more money goes to ESG and climate and it comes out of other parts. So it's very important to recognize that this is not one market like the U.S. And it is -- the totality of the ups and the downs when we look at all of that.  So we're very comfortable that this is a conservative assumption in a year in which started with a lot of volatility, but hopefully, the fundamental earnings and economic growth, like we saw today in the U.S., will continue to improve and eventually set a framework for a more constructive appreciation of equity assets. 
Henry Fernandez: So we have a large number of partnerships with experts in various fields, and so we are expanding our knowledge of areas such as biopharma or clean energy or disruptive technologies and the like. We have a partnership with a number of entities there. So with respect to Menai, that's one partnership, clearly, that we have announced with respect to blockchain and cryptocurrencies and the like. And we're not yet in a position to talk about the launch of any products. We are evaluating all aspects of that market and what value add can we bring, what opportunities for -- to serve our clients in the investment industry we can provide. So that's a continuation of our philosophy that we have had about building partnerships with subject matter experts in various fields. 
Henry Fernandez: Well, as you can see and hear from -- as you can see from the numbers and hear from us and from the commentary, we continue to have enormous opportunities in front of us at MSCI. If anything, I've said it in a number of forums that in the 26 years since I created the company out of various product lines, I have not seen this level of opportunities ever. And I've always been bullish, as all of you know, in the development of MSCI and the opportunities that we have had, but we're just seeing it all over the place. And MSCI is becoming a central location where people come to us for a lot of ideas in terms of turning them into products and services for the global investment industry. So we're very much of a nexus of innovation and ideas. So we will continue to capitalize on a lot of that incredible momentum with investments, in some cases, significant and heavy investment, in the Triple-Crown framework that we have created in order to have very high rates of return, fast paybacks and in areas of significant value. So our internal asset allocation is very demanding and very robust and, in some cases, they're brutal, right? We only go in those areas where we see very attractive opportunities. And we are very comfortable in the position that we're in right now and the expansion of the business. So we thank you very much for your attention and for your support, and we look forward to speaking to all of you in various investor conferences sponsored by many of you. 
