Henry Fernandez: So the first thing that it's important to note Manav is that the set of opportunities that we have to solve for clients problems is very significant. And it has actually increased very largely since the start of the pandemic. Obviously, we can point to ESG as an example, but also in fixed income, as well in thematic investing obviously the pandemic and the economic dislocations have created significant changes in the way industries are structure, and the business models and the likes of those shifts can get reflected in some of these mega trends and the emphasis that we're putting on that thematic mega trend investing in order to create indices and structural problems and things like that. So the number of opportunity has increased. Now, at the start of the pandemic like everyone else, we reigned in a bit the base of investments that we had a few months later, say two, three months later, we felt very comfortable with where we stood in the financials of the company and the outlook we were seeing this increased demand for our products and services, and therefore we have stepped up on the renewal or rebasing of that investment program. Some of that increased hiring and increased investment is reflected in the EBITDA expenses in the third quarter, obviously offset by decline of expenses in marketing and travel and entertainment, and a lot of things due to the lockdown, but we did see a pickup on that. We will likely see an increased pick up on that in the fourth quarter and in 2021, because we feel that this significant opportunities that the operating environment is presenting to us, need to be capitalized with a lot of new products and number of new clients segments, and a lot of new capabilities in the company. So yes the investment plan continues is that - it is a few percentage points below where we wanted it to be at this point. But we're stepping up significantly on increasing it.
Henry Fernandez: So Toni, the competitive advantages that we have on ESG and now obviously, a major step up in climate change tools are significant, a lot of multiple number of competitive advantages. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, a lot of what we do at MSCI gets captured in two big, interrelated trends, right. When we take all of our capabilities and put them into indices, which form underlying components for portfolios. On one hand and on the other hand, provide all the ingredients, the essential ingredients, to build portfolios, by our clients themselves from, from scratch so to speak. So on ESG, think about all the capabilities we have, we are the largest rating agency in the world for ESG. So we provide huge amount see in ratings on an instrument or investment-by-investment basis. So all of that then gets so, we're the largest equity, cross border equity index provider in the world. So we can combine the ESG ratings with the equity indices. We're now putting all of that, the ESG information that we get into risk models, which we're the largest provider of equity risk models in the world. So we can monetize on that we are putting all of that together into the fixed income space, in which - we take all the ratings on our fixed income, in the fixed income instruments around the world and put it in there on the light. So we have a whole broad of ecosystem that fits on one another from structure products, to futures and options to index, indices, to any single security of information about ratings and all of that, to factor models in equity and fixed income. And on the other side on the client side, we are compared to some of our other competitors. Our client base is the investor, and therefore, where the highest demand for ESG tools is from investors. Not from corporates at this point or issuers, the highest client advantage investors, there are very few people in the world. And like us we are well positioned on the investor side to capitalize on that. But having said that, we're expanding into the corporate sector, to provide a lot of these ESG ratings on a sectorial basis to a lot of our corporate - to corporate entities. So that they can look at it and figure out how to provide disclosures and improve the information that they provide in order to get better ratings, from people like us. So multiple is a quiver of arrows, that is going to be very hard for anybody to break in, you know, that's a huge moat that we have in this business. And lastly, we have a first mover advantage in the whole world right.
Henry Fernandez: So definitely, it's a good question. And let me try to explain how we view it. In everything that we do at MSCI is - we want to position ourselves as close to the investment decisions by our clients as possible. And therefore, what we're trying to do is to give clients really made already analyzed, already thought through solutions to some of their problems and to capitalize on their opportunities. So, we are uniquely positioned to do that in creating ESG equity indices. ESG fixed income indices, ESG at risk models, in order to set in - equities and fixed income, and we're starting to look into on develop plans to do that in the private asset classes as well. And all of that, in order to achieve that, you clearly need the underlying data, the underlying ratings, and all the research associated with those ratings, you need the screenings and the exclusion research that we do. And all of that, but it is not sufficient it’s a necessary condition, but it's not sufficient for success. So where you see competition, for us, it’s in the provision on the underlying data. And on a lot of our clients are subscribing to various sources of data, for sure. But ultimately, that data needs to be translated into a tool for an investment decision. And therefore, we'll see some competition in providing underlying data it’s perfectly fine with us. But we are - where our position is very leading and very prominent is in providing the derive the tools that are derived from that data in order to help people make better investment decision in that space. They're not going to be too many people like us.
Henry Fernandez: Definitely, that could definitely happen. We're not working on that this very moment, but that definitely happened. And this is in the spirit of the strategic partnerships that are at the core of our MSCI strategy. We want to partner up with everyone in the world that wants to do with that with us in order to serve our clients. And for everyone to win and to make money in all of this and that - will definitely be the case in ESG data. We already are partnering up with smaller institutions that provide data. An example of that is the Carbon Delta acquisition it started as a partnership in which Carbon Delta was providing us with climate metrics and climate value-at-risk to create joint product. As we develop that partnership, we became very, very close to one another and the Carbon Delta management team and the shareholders decided that it was better that - they would join forces with us. That didn't have to happen, but that was an example of a partnership. And we have a few more of those. And we would like to do those with the bigger providers of ESG information as well. But it obviously they may view us as competitors, and they may not want to do that. But our intent is to do that.
Henry Fernandez: Yes hi, Craig. Yes, so look my simple headline is great stability in pricing. We're not really seeing any, I would call it unusual pressure or any fundamental changes in the pricing environment at present. So, look that could change in the future, but right now, nothing to suggest that our pricing power has been affected in any material way.
Henry Fernandez: Yes so, at the beginning of this year as you know we announced the equity investment in Burgiss. And we had spent a meaningful amount of time in the prior years working with the Burgiss databases to create risk models in private equity, for example for our multi-asset class, enterprise risk and performance product line. So, on the heels of that equity investment, we have now launched into a wide range in discussion about many other areas where we can partner in the use of that data. And that got slowed down in the second quarter. We started in earnest in the first quarter, it slowed down in the second quarter and through the summer, because of the disruptions on the pandemic. But it's now back on track, and examples of that in the last say month and a half or so, we have held very significant very senior level discussions with the biggest and alternative investment managers in ways in which we can partner up with them strategically. And help them with a lot of their needs, on data and analytics to capture a bigger pie of investment opportunities from the institutional investors or the LP clients. So that has not yet monetized. But for sure, the dialogue that we have is at the most senior level, extreme high levels of interest to do this, and the likes. The other thing that happened is, as you saw Jay McNamara, you know, was a longtime executive at MSCI, who was named President of Burgiss. And his mandate is to build a state-of-the-art client coverage organization for Burgiss in terms of sales and relationship managers and consultants and marketing people and - commercial product management people and all of that. So, Jay is very busy at work in building that. And with that front office organization in a much higher state is going to coordinate very closely with the MSCI client coverage organization in order to expand significantly the sales and the penetration that the Burgiss and MSCI have in clients around the world. So they're kind of two areas of collaboration, there is the sales and penetration with clients and the second one on the product side trying to do joint products in either evaluated pricing or expansion of the data sets or risk models or the light.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, sure. So, I think it's really a strategic shift. Clearly, market volatility doesn't hurt. But I would say that if we look back on this segment historically, our approach was much more to just take our existing indexes and licensed them. Today - so it's more like a product sale type of relationship. Today, we're in much more of a service mode with these clients. We're typically involved much more in customization. Some of that customization is also involving our analytics tools as well as our indexes and on a variety of new methodologies. So, I think it's really a pretty significant shift in focus, a step-up in servicing, and we hope to continue to be able to see pretty attractive growth from the segment based on that.
Henry Fernandez: The short answer is yes. I must say it's - it has been both I would say in a large effort and a pleasant surprise. So, we've put enormous focus on ensuring that we have all the right focus, first of all, just purely keeping the teams together, keeping the teams motivated from a managerial point of view. We've enabled them with technology, so that pretty much everything that we can do in terms of demos of our products, et cetera can be done online. And in many instances, we found that for example, for client events we actually have more attendance than we did in the sort of physical attendance days. So I think, in terms of the sales process, where things are going really well, I would say the mechanics of it. And I think that that's reflected in pretty, pretty decent sales that we've been having in view of the circumstances.
Henry Fernandez: What I would also add is that the - over the next two, three years, you're also going to see a geography change in terms of a move from our own data centers. And our own production environment, in which a lot of the investment is CapEx to the Microsoft Azure Cloud, which we mentioned that in the summer on our announcement and therefore, we see a significant amount of savings and a significant amount of scalability of our production environment. And in terms of the expenses associated with that, they will go from CapEx and therefore depreciation more into EBITDA expenses as time goes by, and we'll keep you apprised of those changes. So that there is no confusion in terms of what's happening to the EBITDA expenses.
Henry Fernandez: It is definitely a - I will not think of it as a quantum jump on strategy, but it's definitely a change in the evolution of the strategy and you could think of it is in the - first of all in the concepts that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, which is how do we capitalize on these two big areas that we are operating on there, which is provide indices as underlying for portfolios, and the opportunities that there is immense because pretty much every portfolio in the world can have an index to serve as a guide, a benchmark could be passive replication, or could be for the creation of baskets for structural products or for OTC derivatives, or obviously indices of any kind and all types for futures and options. So that's - and then what are all the ingredients, some of them are off the shelf, some of them are customized, some of them are market cap, some of them are factors, and ESG, some of them are climate, some of them are thematic in terms of the big mega trends in the world, they could be equities, it could be fixed income, and eventually there will be product asset classes that can be used in a variety of ways. So that's a big - I think is more of a recognition of the role that we're playing in the investment industry, and how that role can become even bigger by also having this mindset. The second part is obviously the ingredient, that we use those ingredients ourselves to build those indices. So you might well have all those ingredients available to the client base on that. So therefore, that's one part of it. The second part of it is that, when we see orders buying companies all over, in what we say, should we be buying a lot of those companies, should we be buying all those capabilities, and in some cases, we will especially as smaller bolt-on acquisitions that will accelerate the work that I just described. But in many cases, in organic tools, don't have to be an outright acquisition in a competitive bidding process with very high prices, lower returns sometimes, execution risks and all of that, we say, why don't we be partnered up with a lot of those firms, many of those firms don't want - for the number of firms that want to sell themselves, there are a lot more that would like to partner up with us to create joint opportunities. So we have made that partnership central, partnership for clients. Of course, we always done that. But partnerships with people that gave us data sets that we don't have, partnership that give us distribution, partnership that gives us ability to have the knowledge and expertise like in thematic investing that we may not have, let's say biotechnology, we're not the world's experts in biotechnology, why don't we partner up with a biotechnology investing firm? So we can create those themes and those underlying indices for underlying portfolios, and all of that. So central to what we do is our answer to we don't have to own the whole world. We're a small company with limited resources. So why don't we partner up with people in order to jointly serve the needs of our clients and everyone wins.
Henry Fernandez: It's a fair question. Yes. And probably a novel concept. But it's mainly focused actually on the organic prospects. And so when we think about what is going to drive the most value for the company over the next several years, there are some important trade-offs we're going to have to make as we've talked about here, we have a wealth of opportunities in front of us. And so where we place every incremental dollar of capital is going to be extremely important and so we need to have very robust framework that we use, like our triple crown framework to think about what is going to be the best return on that incremental investment dollar. And what's going to be most strategic for us over the long-term. There is also an element of an intense focus on efficiency. And I'll call it strategic efficiencies. So thinking about how we can position the company from an infrastructure standpoint, from a process standpoint, from a technological standpoint to create scale and really turn what we do into a competitive advantage for the company going forward.
Henry Fernandez: So just to be clear, Jake within the ESG research reporting segments, which shows up in all other that is purely just our ESG research and rating. So that's things like our screening tool or ratings. There is no asset base fee that is running through that segment. All the asset base fee revenue is coming from ESG indexes, which is reported within our index segment. Now when we show the integrated ESG run rate, which you've seen, which is a run rate figure, the portion coming from index, so the ESG index run rate does contain a asset base fee component, but we have not broken out that detail at this stage.
Henry Fernandez: Hopefully we can give more detail in the future. I don't want to dimension it right now other than to say they're both meaningful, they are both growing. And just looking at the growth in the assets under management in ETFs linked to our ESG indexes, which have grown 100% year-over-year, you can imagine the asset base fee component is growing at a very robust growth rate within there. But the other point of reference I would highlight is you can see on our slides, we do highlight the index subscription run rate growth within ESG and factor modules. And you can see that that is growing at 21%. Now, there is competing dynamics there between factors in ESG. But you can tell the subscription components growing at a very healthy growth rate as well.
Henry Fernandez: So thank you very much everyone for attending. In the run up to Investor Day in February of next year, as we said earlier in the call, we will be reaching out to many of you either directly ourselves in listening tour couple of environments, or some of our people that we work with, we'll be reaching out to you for surveys and opinions on how best to optimize our franchise. We encourage you to take full advantage of that to provide us with feedback, ideas, and the like and even if you don't get reach, please do not hesitate to reach us directly as well. If you have ideas and thoughts, we welcome them to put them all into our thinking as to the best way that we can describe our company, what we're doing, our opportunities, our investments during that [Virtual] Investor Day. Thank you very much and stay well and safe.
Andy Wiechmann: Hi, Alex. It’s Andy. Good morning. Maybe to start with the second question first on that the futures and options run rate, as we noted in our remarks, we are benefiting slightly from improved economics from our exchange partners, most notably in Asia versus the prior quarter, I would highlight that we continue to be very optimistic and excited about the broader derivatives opportunity. Even though, we saw volume tick down quarter-over-quarter, we are seeing big opportunities in both the listed derivatives market, as well as the over the counter market, which is showing up in more the index recurring and non-recurring revenue side. On the non-ETF passive front, I would highlight it's more than just index based mutual funds. Actually, a meaningful component of the revenue we see there is coming from what we call institutional path of revenue. And so it's more dynamic than just the index mutual fund trends that you might be seeing more broadly. If you highlight, we tend to recognize revenue on a quarter lag, where we depend on our clients to report to us average AUM levels. And usually, we get those AUM levels reported to us on generally a quarter, but it can be sometimes more than a quarter. And so it's not a kind of direct quarter lag correlation if you will. The other thing I would highlight is it's a very dynamic equation where we can see some positive movements in price particularly in some of the big growth areas like institutional pass of mandates for ESG indexes or custom indexes or factor indexes, where in many instances we might have more attractive economics in those types of indexes. So long winded way to say that it is a very dynamic equation, there is some relationship related to AUM moves in the prior quarter, but it's much more complex than that.
Andy Wiechmann: Thanks, Toni I appreciate the remarks. And as you said no, real major change in strategy, particularly given my experience with the company and my role and strategy previously if anything. I think the combination of strategy and finance creates - opportunities for us to create even more value - where we are as a company right now is faced with enormous opportunities across all aspects of our company. And so, the next leg of value creation for the company is going to be really prioritizing where we are placing our incremental debts and where we're placing our incremental investments to chase those opportunities. As Henry just talked about with ESG making sure we're being proactive in capturing these very attractive markets and really continuing to differentiate ourselves and so, if you will - the financial algorithm. I'd say is not changing significantly at this point, other than to say we have an intense focus on investment here. Going back to Henry's comments to the first question, the margin in this current quarter was higher than what we would like. I think that's a reflection of some of the, some of the activities we took earlier in the year and reduced expenses in areas like, like T&E and professional fees and marketing. But those are masking some of the accelerations investments we’re making. And so, as we continue to make those accelerations in these investments we go to our upturn playbook, and we're intensely focused on our Triple-Crown framework, where we are investing and those opportunities that have the highest return. The shortest payback, and are most valuable to us and our shareholders we are going to continue to invest in those attractive opportunities. So I think you'll see likely a pickup in expenses in the fourth quarter. And that will trickle through the next year, where you will continue to see I think, an acceleration and investment through next year and higher expense growth. And so, it's not a dramatic shift other than to say the emphasis is really on driving investment here. And I think that's going to be the core source of long-term value for us. And if you'd imagine we'll probably talk more about this at Investor Day in February.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes Craig, it's Andy. So we haven't put out the institutional passive AUM levels in the past. I can say that it is larger than the ETF, AUM just the nature of that market. These are big assets, and the fees tend to be lower generally than the pricing we get on ETFs. You've obviously seen the revenue that we put out, so you can mention how big the revenue is to us. But this is a significant opportunity particularly on the institutional passive front that I alluded to earlier. We're increasing the institutions or investing directly into an index. And in many instances, those are kind of customized indexes to help them achieve their objectives. And so many times those will involve ESG overlays, factor overlays, increasingly things like thematic type considerations. And so, we're very excited about that opportunity. You alluded to the direct indexing opportunity, I think it's very similar, but for a different client base. So with the rise of direct indexing particularly in channels like the wealth channel, we are in a very unique position to. As Henry was talking about in his opening remarks either provide the index that the client can invest directly in or provide the ingredients that the wealth manager can use to create an index that's directly suited to that client. And so, we think we're very well positioned to capitalize on both opportunities.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, it's kind of spread across the board. So clearly, there is an element that shows up in R&D, and you seen some modest growth there. But there is also an element that goes into cost of selling and sales and marketing as well. So when you think about the nature of these investments, it's mainly headcount and the bulk of our costs are compensation related. And that's the case for investments as well. So it's hiring technologists that's hiring researchers, and its hiring sales people to go after these new opportunities. And so, depending on the exact roles, you'll see those spread across mainly those three buckets in the income statement.
Andy Wiechmann: Maybe just to add, Henry touched on M&A and the potential for tuck-in acquisitions or bolt-on acquisitions. As you know, we're extremely disciplined - financially disciplined, but also strategically disciplined to the points that Henry made. And capital we are very protective of our capital and we look at the returns we can get across all uses. And I would highlight that discipline, as you can see, on the share repurchase front where we repurchase today its year-to-date, over $600 million of our shares, at prices, on average less than $300 per share. And so it's always a trade-off in terms of the uses of our capital.
