Robert Qutub: George, that's a carryover from what we said at the end of Q2. We saw an elongation of the sales pipeline that I talked about in my comments. That's carrying over from the sales perspective. We expect to see that into Q4. With respect to cancelations, you can look back over time and you can see an uptick in the fourth quarter. We're seeing some now, but it's too early to tell what the fourth quarter will bring.
Robert Qutub: I think we've historically shown strong retention rates, you can look back over time. I think that our issue is really about the elongation of the sales platform. As you can see, 90% right now in the quarter, 91% year-to-date is reflecting what I would say a fairly strong overall retention rate across the business.
Robert Qutub: The other thing I might to add to that, too, David, is remember that the retention rate is a quarter focus, and so anomalies in a quarter can tend to skew it. When I look at the retention rates on a year-to-date basis, you can see in the earnings release, we're effectively flat to where we were year-to-date a year ago.
Robert Qutub: We felt that the differences, while it was important on a smaller level, we would have seen some changes, but we felt that with sticking to the aggregate retention rate was fine. There were some product costs, sales. If we were to show it, we'll show it in 10-Q. You'll see a slight uptick on the core retention rate when you see it in the Q when it's filed.
Henry A. Fernandez: No. David, I think, the -- if you go back and look at the recent quarters on some of the comments that we have made, we mentioned that we have had extremely robust retention rates even in the context of a challenging environment for our clients. And so there is a tad softening of that happening, but it's not a cause to worry at this point and given what we're seeing in the marketplace and what we're seeing in our pipeline.
Henry A. Fernandez: Nothing has changed on the legacy Blackrock ETF. The ETF fee -- the ETF, the legacy ones are exactly the same way they were before the Vanguard announcement.
Henry A. Fernandez: We are -- our strategy is very much focused on growth and how do we go back to a higher growth environment. Clearly, the world is challenging today on a cyclical basis. But on a secular long-term basis, we believe that there are a lot of forces that are propelling strongly what we do. And therefore, we are very much focused on capitalizing on those organic growth opportunities and how do we capitalize on an increased level of M&A opportunities that we see out there. And therefore, for now, we want to make sure that we have enough cash and we have enough capital and we have enough equity base in our balance sheet to be able to move rapidly to take advantage of those opportunities. We also believe that as the -- eventually, the cycle turns, those opportunities may increase, and therefore, it's pretty critical for us to keep our powder dry.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think on PMA, the competitive environment remains the same as the last few quarters, and we believe it's here to stay, not that we're going to go back to the pre-competitive environment. I think it's here to stay. And therefore, the premium to operate in that environment is a great deal of innovation, service to clients, being very close to them and price our products in all areas according to the value proposition that we offer. So we are -- we have taken major steps to increase the level of product development. We're very focused on increasing the levels of client service on this business and so on and so forth, right? So that's not that much of a change over the last few quarters. In the RMA business, the level of competition is a lot less than it is in the PMA business. But I think, over time, we anticipate that more competition will come to the RMA business, and therefore, we have began to take steps to operate on a basis as if it were a wide open competitive environment, even if it's not here today.
Henry A. Fernandez: No, no. What it implies is that we are stepping up our product development efforts. You mention -- you heard Bob mention a major data center migration that we did in order to significantly upgrade our performance and capabilities for the RMA business and being able to launch products faster, later. So that's another step that we've taken. We are increasing our headcount in emerging market centers to be able to service clients and do more managed services for them. We've began to take quite a lot of steps to operate that business more nimble and obviously more competitively, even if the competition is not here.
Henry A. Fernandez: There's been a flood of the -- of positive comments by asset owners and asset managers worldwide. It's even funny that sometimes we make average calls to clients just to make sure they understood what we were doing and why our approach are differentiated. And some clients have even said, "Don't worry about it. We're a total believer in MSCI. And I don't know why you guys are losing sleep over this." So it's been, to some extent, the opposite. I mean, we've wanted to average -- have an average program to them, so we've gotten quite a lot of comments like that. Secondly, we have seen a meaningful amount of asset switches from the Vanguard funds to the iShares funds. I think more of that will come as we progress in the quarter, will be our guess. And I think we are -- we spend a little bit of time internally here assessing our strategy in the context of all of this. And I think we want to reaffirm that we are not in the business of getting market share at non-revenue or diminished profits. That is not the business we're in. We're not a nonprofit, we're not in the business of market share, we're not -- we're in the business of creating shareholder value for our people and our shareholders, and we're going operate the business that way. And that means, you got to have a higher premium on innovation, on quality, on the network effect between the asset owners and the asset managers and being able to create a better sort of brand on the retail market and the financial advisory market, and you're going to see us do more of that in the next few weeks. So it's a compendium of things. But importantly, we are not in the business of loss leader products and services.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think it's too early. This just happened, what, 2, 3 weeks ago, so too early. What I can tell, it's too early to pin any specific sales to the comments by iShares. What I can tell you is that all across the world in terms of our index subscription business and our index licensing business, it's pretty much business as usual. There has been no effect whatsoever on the loss of Vanguard at this point.
Henry A. Fernandez: Okay. I think the -- we are very confident on the iShares strategy of market segmentation. And the reason is because the value proposition of ETFs, the different types of -- different parts of the market is very different. You have institutional asset owners and some asset managers who value enormously the liquidity of the product, the tightness of the bid on our spreads, the tracking of the fund vis-à-vis the benchmark and the like. And when they are in positions of moving large amounts of assets in and out, that liquidity and that tightness and depth of market becomes much more important than the expense ratio of the fund. So we're confident that, that strategy is a good one at this point. And also, I think with respect to what -- how the market evolves, remember -- you've got to remember that the ETF asset class is on a secular growth over time and therefore, you -- on one hand, if there is price erosion you want to put that against the significant increase of the market itself that will benefit us quite substantially over time.
Henry A. Fernandez: We do not, as you know -- well, we do not have fixed income indices at this time. We have them over a decade ago and sold them. We don't have them now, and we're not intending to enter that market at this point. So we don't have a way to benefit directly from that. We are benefiting indirectly though because a number of indices that we have built that have more either value-oriented or fixed-income like characteristics are being embraced by the marketplace. So, for example, our minimum volatility equity indices in which you can invest on the basis of an equity instrument but have a lot lower variability and volatility, which are, therefore, closer to maybe the riskier end of the fixed income market. Those are in significant demand, and we have licensed our indices for investment products and for data quite a lot in the last few months. So there are other ways to play that, the fixed income trend, indirectly. We're also hoping that as we close on the IPD acquisition and play a larger role in REIT ETF and other forms of investment property indices that many of those properties that have high-yielding assets, that we can turn them into indices that have fixed income -- quasi fixed income characteristics.
