Baer Pettit: Thank you, Henry and greetings everyone! As Henry mentioned, the biggest global event of the quarter was Russia's invasion of Ukraine. I join him in expressing our solidarity with the Ukrainian people. When the war began, MSCI quickly removed Russia from our emerging market indexes and reclassified it as a standalone index. We have also introduced new stress test scenarios specific to the war that client's run though our analytics products. Additionally, we closed out our deminimis financial exposure to clients in Russia, which is lesser than that $1 million of run rate.  We are well positioned to succeed in the complex external environment, thanks to our resilient all-weather franchise. Despite the current turmoil, we remain convinced that long term trends benefiting MSCI, including the indexation and globalization of portfolios will endure. In my comments today, I will review the areas of our business where we will continue investing for long term growth as reinforced by strong financial results and a few examples of our actions to manage risks that we can control.  I'll start with our continued momentum in scaling our ESG and Climate franchise. Even as we enter a period of surging energy prices and user technology sector valuations, demand for integrating ESG and Climate considerations is resilient as clients continue to position themselves for long term transformation.  Our firm wide ESG and Climate run rate is now $369 million, growing 46% year-over-year. In our reportable ESG and Climate ratings and research segment, new client relationships continue to form almost 50% of new subscription sales.  Our multi-year investments to build a large and complete data coverage universe are supporting our position as an industry standard setter. In ESG ratings and in our Climate metrics, we now cover more than 9.5 million instruments across equities and fixed income, including ETF’s, corporate and government bonds, bank loans and derivatives.  Next, I will discuss our progress in scaling our newer frontier client segments. In the ESG and climate segment, over half of new subscription sales during the quarter were to wealth managers, hedge funds, broker dealers, corporates and insurance firms. These clients have diverse use cases for MSCI Solutions, such as Climate Stress Testing on their loan books, enhancing underwriting processes by better understanding counterparties ESG and carbon profiles, complying with new and emerging regulations and monitoring of net zero commitments.  We are also leading into the connectivity across MSCI product lines to drive wins with these newer clients. Our strong first quarter sales included an EMEA insurance firm that launched insurance linked products, benchmarked to our custom indexes with a partner in fixed income.  Across MSCI, our total run rate from insurance firms and all-insurance related use cases is $77 million, growing 19% year-over-year. In analytics we're landing strategic mandates with equity and fixed income portfolio managers, seeking to integrate ESG in portfolio construction process. Our run rate in analytics fixed income front office has grown approximately 50% year-over-year.  Finally, we continue advancing our data ecosystem to equip our clients with the insights they need to understand the impact of today's macro backdrop on their portfolios. In analytics, we released an enhanced version of Climate Lab enterprise during the quarter, with dedicated dashboards related to carbon intensity. While it's still early days, we see climate data as a sales enabler for various portfolio construction reporting and risk management used case, and we are encourage by a recent large multi-year client win in the Americas.  In private assets, we also expect climate data to be a commercial enable, including for cross sales. We recently completed a product release of our Client value-at-risk due-diligence reports to RCA’s large commercial real-estate property data base.  In ESG ratings, our investments in our issuer communication portal are enabling a higher velocity of engagement with corporate issuers, which is in turn further supporting data quality and timeliness. Our previously announced launch of MSCI data explorer places over 250 data sets across all MSCI product lines at our clients’ fingertips. This is empowering them to self-service and discover, test and start new subscriptions.  Across MSCI our pipelines are healthy. Having said that, we are watching economic activity across regions closely and the effects on our clients, which we recognize maybe uneven. In summary, our resilient franchise continues to benefit from our actions and long term investments to diversify and enrich our platform. Across varying and unpredictable operating environments, we are committed to driving continued growth in the most efficient way possible, prudently for all our stakeholders.  Let me now turn the call over to Andy. 
Baer Pettit: Well, that number is coming out, I’ll answer your first question. So look, we view this as really a fundamentally positive thing. You know we have leadership in this space. We believe that the manner that we operate is highly professional. So we have extremely high standards as we had in other areas where we've been regulated such as Index. So we believe that any environment that creates greater demands for transparency, for quality, that puts this topic central to investors’ agenda and central to corporations’ agenda is a very positive thing for us.  We're clearly also in – often we’re asked for our views on these topics by regulators in a variety of jurisdiction and are in contact with them, which hopefully we can help inform some of their thinking based on our expertise in these matters. So I think overall we definitely view these things as that direction, as being a positive or what we're trying to achieve. 
Baer Pettit: So, I think we're really pleased with the progress so far. Clearly the technology infrastructure work takes time, but we’re on schedule as far as what we hope to do. I think the most immediate progress we're seeing is on the client front as you mention with the integration of the client coverage teams and them working together as one unit, both you know across the world, in the Americas, in EMEA and you know building out what we do in Asia and you know we had a good quarter. So we had a good quarter as a combined team.  The client feedback is very positive and we are – you know as I mentioned, we are starting to build out some product innovations, notably bringing some of the climate capabilities onto the RCA database, etc. All of that will take a bit more time, but I think you know most importantly we have a significantly greater footprint now with real estate investors, and I think that that’s showing the numbers and hopefully we’ll build our reputation as being serious in this space. 
Baer Pettit: Yes, I'm not quite certain what you're alluding to, but the – my point would be that you know we've been pretty consistent on saying that the – you know over time the fees in this area has been compressing and those numbers have shown themselves over many quarters and years. I don't think we have noticed any sort of notable changes in the last quarter since we spoke to you, in our interactions. Clearly you know if the market environment continues to be more challenging, that could change, but I'm not aware of anything very material that we've seen since we last spoke to you. 
Baer Pettit: So look, one thing that we’re working on now, we’ll have some announcements comings up in the next quarter is really moving away from our kind of legacy divisions of functionality and being able to deliver all of our capabilities through our ISaaS technology platform, and what this really means is being much more flexible in integrating into our clients environment, and being able to – you know basically clients to pick and choose the functionality and capabilities that they want and integrate that into their workflow. The next element which Henry referenced earlier is the focus on the front office. So while you know some of those numbers are lower to start with, we're very pleased with the growth for example that we have in the fixed income portfolio management, where it’s an area where we have increasing credibility and are growing as the numbers show close to 50% year-on-year.  And then the last one, the big driver is ESG and Climate and notably Climate integration with a lot of both, the risk capabilities and reporting capabilities, where because we have both the enormous data processing and risk capacities and leveraging our new intellectual property on top of that, all of those things you know should be driving the growth rate up and in order to do that we also have to then keep our retention rates of the existing book of business solid. So if we can combine those – if you like three growth drivers and also can maintain strong retention rates, you know those will be things that can get us on to that higher path. 
Baer Pettit: Sure. So look, for sure your observations about Europe are correct and I would say that the landscape in Europe, generally whether it's a mutual fund business or in the institutional still looks somewhat different than in the U.S. or in Asia, and you know you can say that Europe is leading in this regard. It’s actually quite difficult to generalize across the variety of use cases that we have across different client types, etc.  Clearly as you rightly point out, the retention rate is extremely impressive at present. So we are, you know in addition to 50% of our business, our new business coming from new clients, I think what that retention rate signals is that, while this is you could say getting established in Europe, it is still very much in a growth phase. This is not by any stretch of the imagination a mature business. Clients are hungry for data, I think really depending on what they are trying to achieve.  So some of them want to build rules based Index products, some of them want to use the rating in active management process, some of them are less interested in the rating themselves, but the date underneath the rating that we collect on companies in the manner that we organize it and they can parse that data for their active management process.  So I think precisely, the element that is most exciting here is the variety of different types of investors and a number of different use cases that we are serving that make it hard to generalize about a particular path. So as long as we can continue to invest in the product line, to ensure that our coverage is extremely broad, that we're innovating around new areas of concern and focus for investors, and you know that in addition to our leadership in ESG, we continue to invest in our leadership in Climate.  I think those are all the things we're doing and it is creating both enormous demand and a lot of work for us hence. So for the foreseeable future we're going to be continuing to invest in this area and serving quite a broad range of use cases.
Baer Pettit: I would say that you know we don’t necessarily wish for and welcome difficult market conditions and difficult operating environment. But having said that, this is what we do, our best at MSCI. These are the environments in which we tend to capitalize big time and create further leadership in a lot of what we do and out distance our competition, because we remain very focused on client complicity. We innovate a great deal in markets like this and we take full advantage of this locations and valuations such as certain types of bolt on acquisitions and the like.  You know you haven’t seen us make a lot of bolt on acquisitions, because the valuations are being elevated given the bullishness of market conditions. If you have a prolonged period of disruption here, it will definitely be a great environment to pick up data sets or technology or people or whatever at a lot lower valuation. That hasn’t happened yet, because there is usually a long lag associated with strategic valuations, but we could become more active, but it’s way too early to tell at this point.  But I think my underlying – my underlying position here is it say, you know watch for the performance of MSCI in difficult market conditions, because this is where we do our best. This is where franchises develop further as oppose to when you have very bullish conditions in and we decide right to sell both.
Andy Wiechmann: Thanks Baer and hi everyone! I want to drill into a few highlights of our all-weather financial model. We drove 14% organic subscription run rate growth during the quarter. To put that in perspective, this is an acceleration from 7% growth in the same period of 2017 and from 10% growth just a year ago. This acceleration of growth is a direct result of the increased investments we've been making in the key growth areas over the last few years with your support.  Our strong performance reinforces our long term target of driving low double digit subscription growth across MSCI. In Index we delivered 12% subscription run rate growth, aligned with our long term targets and our 33rd consecutive quarter of double digit subscription run rate growth.  Asset base fees, which are approximately one fourth of MSCI's run rate demonstrated remarkable resilience in the face of volatile global markets. During the quarter, equity ETFs lined to MSCI Indexes grew net cash inflows of more than $27 billion, ending the quarter with AUM of $1.39 trillion on March 31. These inflows partially offset market declines of close to $90 billion since year end. More broadly, since 2007 and through the end of last year we've observed positive annual cash inflows into ETFs linked to MSCI Indexes for all years except one.  Finally, fees from listed futures and options linked to MSCI Indexes which are roughly 10% of asset based fees are based on traded volumes and are not linked to AUM and volumes in these products historically have tended to pick up in periods of market volatility, including this quarter where we saw traded volumes up 19% and run rate up 11%.  Our continued advancements in Index innovation which are centered on client demand, have enabled our ABF franchise to be both durable and diversified for the long term. Since 2012 run rate from asset based fees has grown at a CAGR of 15%. For the quarter, in analytics we drove 15% growth in new or current subscription sales, which offset cancels primarily from client events. We continue to see good opportunities in front office equity and fixed income portfolio management.  In ESG and Climate, we are driving a higher volume of larger ticket new sales, with a pipeline that includes an encouraging set of large strategic deals across regions. As Baer mentioned, the firm-wide sales pipeline remains healthy. We are watching the macro backdrop very closely and while it may cause some variance in sales or cancels here or there, we are encouraged by the overall forward momentum.  Across the firm the product and client experience enhancements we are investing in are enabling cross-sell and pricing opportunities, while supporting continued strong retention, as well as the ability to win new clients.  Let me now turn to our full year 2022 outlook. Our guidance across all categories is unchanged and assumes that global markets gradually improved from the current levels throughout the year. If AUM levels remain flat or deteriorate further, we will likely begin to implement elements of our downturn playbook and adjust our pace of investing on a very measured basis.  Our full year tax rate guidance of 15.5% to 18.5% remains unchanged. Our low tax rate this quarter was consistent with our expectations of having a seasonally lower tax rate from the vesting of equity awards. We would expect a higher average tax rate for each of the remaining quarters in 2022. For the full year we expect to drive continued high of 50% margins on a consolidated basis, which is in line with our long term target. As a reminder, the margin also reflects the integration of RCA, which is a lower margin business.  On the capitol front, our proactive actions provide another lever of value in volatile environment. Year-to-date through yesterday, April 25, we've repurchased $795 million of our stock or over 1.5 million shares. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $679 million, of which approximately $200 million is readily available.  We continue to have board authorization for potential financing and will continue to monitor the markets for attractive windows, although we have no urgency to access the market if they are not conducive. We have plenty of dry powder remaining to support strategic bolt-on MP&A deals. We can also support highly opportunistic repurchases, although at a more measured pace given current cash balances. In conclusion, that we are presented with an unpredictable operating environment, we remain laser focused on executing on our growth agenda and remaining highly nimble and proactive against this backdrop. And with that, operator, please open the line for questions. 
Andy Wiechmann: Sure, yeah, thanks Manav. I would say there's not a specific trigger for the upturn or the downturn playbook. As I've mentioned before, we are continually monitoring the environment and calibrating the pace of investment, and it's based not only on the current situation or how much that the market and AUMs have moved up or down historically to this point, but importantly it's based on the outlook.  I'd say in this case we're not adjusting our guidance because it's one, early in the year. Two, we don't want to pull back on the very important growth investments that are fueling long term value creation, but I think importantly in this environment, our business remained healthy. As Baer commented, the client buying behavior remains generally robust and the pipeline remains healthy.  Even when you look at AUM levels, this year they’ve been quite resilient. It's important to remember that even though specific global markets may have traded off meaningfully on the year, we have a very diversified global ABF franchise that benefits from inflows into ETFs, as well as global market levels. And then we have the added benefit of the growth in the futures and options franchise, which has provided a nice offset to some the market volatility.  And so, when you look at – just to put a finer point on that, when you look at AUM year-to-date, AUM is down only 4% from 12/31 through 3/31. So based on what we said back in January, where our guidance for the year was assuming that AUM levels are relatively flat for the year, we are now in a point where AUM levels are slightly below where we were in January, but there is a long way to go for the balance of the year and the environment feels, at least on the operating metrics front feels relatively healthy. And so as I said in my prepared remarks, if the markets deteriorate further or stay flat, we will likely begin to go to the downturn playbook and pull back on expenses, but I'd say it's too early to say that right now.  The last point that I would make is a lot of the adjustment and expenses is automatic. So the first things that start to adjust are things like our comp accruals and we do have other levers we can go to without impacting growth investments in the business. But it's something we're monitoring very closely and as I said, we're calibrating on a day-to-day basis. 
Andy Wiechmann: And Manav, just on the run rates, the climate run rate was $50 million at the end of the first quarter, which is up over 100% year-over-year. I would say just to provide additional detail on it, $18 million of that $50 million is from Indexes. 
Andy Wiechmann: Alex, I wouldn't read into that too much. I would say that as you know the sales can vary a little bit quarter-to-quarter. The run rate growth remains quite robust at north of 12% organic subscription run rate growth and Index and so we're not too focused on either sales or cancels in one quarter and Index. I think we continue to be pleased by the progress and trajectory on the Index subscription franchise. 
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah, I’ll touch on the cost, but I first want to give you the holistic picture around inflation for us. I think you know this, but we are a high margin business, where small benefits on the top line can lead to net benefits on the bottom line, even if we have some inflationary pressure on the expense line. And so I do want to point out that we are very thoughtful and focused on pricing appropriately for the value we're delivering. We also factor in what competition is doing and client relationships, but we also do factor in the cost environment and the cost impacts to us and so we shouldn't lose sight of that. Now, on the expense side, I would point out to Henry's last comment. Expense growth has been much more driven by investing, so the expense growth that you're seeing is as a result of the meaningful investments we made last year that carry over from those and our continued investments this year. There's also obviously an impact from RCA coming on board, but behind both of those we do see some impact to wages from inflation and just to dimension out roughly, in a typical year we normally see low single digit to maybe mid-single digit wage increases. This year we're seeing something more like mid to slightly above mid-single digit increases in wages, and so we are seeing some impact there, but in terms of dollar impact it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. And I would point out on the non-comp side, where we have seen some pick up in professional fees, areas like insurance we have seen some increases. The bulk of our non-comp expense base where we have long term vendor agreements that have embedded price within them, we’re pretty well protected against inflation and so while it is a factor to us, the bigger impact on expensive is really the pace of investment and that's what we're primarily focused on. 
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah, no it's a great point. I would highlight that the volumes we saw in this quarter were the highest volumes that we've seen since the first quarter of 2020, with close to $30 million contracts traded. So given the scale of the futures and options franchise, it is creating a very nice hedge to some of those AUM levels.  We saw strong volumes and contracts based on our EM indexes, our EAFE indexes. Currently strong volumes in the Chinese A 50 products. We also had our record single day trading of close to 3 million contracts on March 14, and so I think you made an excellent point. Then hopefully as we continue to grow that franchise, it’s going to provide some additional stability with strong secular trends that will drive long term growth in the franchise that we have. The other point that I would highlight which doesn't show up in ABF, it shows up on the index subscription side, but is related, is the over the counter derivatives opportunity for us, and so given broader macro dynamics, there are opportunities for us to continue to drive strong growth in the over-the-counter index link derivatives opportunity set for us. So that's another area we're focused on and another driver of stability and growth on the subscription side. 
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah, nothing to read into there. I would highlight that expenses and individuals’ time allocation can move between R&D and cost of revenue, just based on the nature of the work, and so you will see quarters where cost of revenue looks high – growth look higher and R&D growth looks lower. Those tend to be the two areas where you do see our investment going and so you saw cost of revenues showing a higher growth rate in the quarter, and that's on the back of investments and/or product teams, technology and data, and our researchers, sometimes those individuals time will be allocated to projects that are more R&D in nature and sometimes they are more cost of revenue in nature. And so I would say it's not any indication that we are pulling back on the R&D type activities. It's more just a classification of where they show up.  And then I think the selling and marketing growth is a little bit more straightforward. There is some degree of investment spending there, but there's also just a degree of continuing to flex up on our go-to-market, where the expenses there are related to our selling effort, our investments into new feet on the ground and client services, as well as tools to enable our sales force. 
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah, so I think that what we said is and I think we had a slide on this that we put out during the last quarter, where you can see the exact amounts, but just rough orders of magnitude. I think we said a 10% pull back would lead to about $15 million down flex or conversely up flex on the what is our bonus expense on an annualized basis. So kind of 10% moves on asset based fees can lead to a $15 million up or down flex.  Behind that, things like non-comp and pacing of selected hiring, some things that are a little bit less related to growth investments, we've got a number of levers that we can flex up and down to the tune of about $20 million. And so we've got some pretty meaningful degrees of freedom, all of it depends on – as I said in my first comments, all if it depends on our outlook and what's going on. We don't want to go to these things, but we are prepared to, to the extent the environment persists or deteriorates further. 
Henry Fernandez: Alex, I think that our base case is that the number, the growth rate in ESG and Climate will stay elevated, relative to our targets for a very prolonged period of time. As we expand the ESG franchise to more client segments such as insurance on wealth and corporate and the like, and as we increase the number of used cases for ESG we are fining more and more demand.  If you just look anecdotally with investment banks and asset managers and asset owners, you know compared to a year or two ago almost every one of our clients already have a dedicated person for ESG, which is an incredible change over a short period of time. So I think we continue to be fairly optimistic. We are not going to change the target at this point, but we continue to be optimistic that high growth rate will continue.  Now, on top of that we are still in the very early days of Climate. $50 million run right on climate across all products of MSCI is a smaller number, a smallish number, but is growing at over 100% per year. I think the potential for our climate solutions over a long period of time could be that it exceeds the run rate of ESG itself, give the exercise and product to work for world and in various numerous, you know use cases and clients segment including the corporates and corporate advisors and the like that we are serving. So we are very positive and optimistic. If you thought that we were pretty bullish on this product line, two, three years ago, we are even more bullish today. 
Henry Fernandez: Yeah, let me add something else just to make sure none of this growth is going to come without a major investment, right, in the product line and data, in analytical tools and indexes and all of that, so. I hope that everyone understands that a meaningful part of our investment in the firm is to capitalize of this ESG and Climate opportunity and continue to be a leader in this space. So our investment plan, especially because of ESG and Climate is going to stay like this and accelerate as revenues accelerate over a very long period of time. 
Henry Fernandez: Well Toni, you know we remain unhappy with the growth rate of the run rate in analytics. We've done quite a lot of different strategies to change that and a lot of it has worked, but from a small run rate basis – for example, we have been pivoting our analytics product line towards the front office, the portfolio management offices, so that's why you see meaningful, very meaningful double digit increases in the run rate of fixed income portfolio management that they alluded to, in equity analytics or equity portfolio management analytics; that’s another area that we’ve been pushing pretty hard, again from a slower, from a smaller run rate base.  I think the central issue remains, the central risk analytics platform which is sold to our cost centers in our client base as opposed to profit centers and that is a – you know very much of a mature product area for us. We're trying to reinvent that and reinvigorate that with climate risk as a driver of risk management in the central office and we have some early successes on that. Clearly the climate large enterprise is an example of our product line in that category.  So sales remain really robust when you look at the operating metrics. The challenge remains you know the lumpiness of the cancels at the time of renewals, because of the matured nature of the product line, the cost current that typically affects cost centers, especially central rate cost centers and all of that.  So hopefully over time we can outgrow the part, the mature part of the book of the run rate you know and the UFR, the prognosis equity analytics, fixed income analytics and the new use cases such as climate rate can continue to grow faster and therefore get the overall run rate you know to grow in the high single digits and eventually in the lower double digits.
Henry Fernandez: So, thank you all for joining us today, and your interest in MSCI. We look forward to continuing to speak and meet with all of you, including at various Investor events that are either sponsored by you our analyst or some of them you know in our own.  As you can see from what you hear in the commentary, we benefit from an All-Weather franchise at MSCI in good times and bad times. So clearly very important to underscore what the messages that we're giving you, as to where we stand in that part of the cycle you know, and what is benefiting our business, what is affecting our business, and at the moment as I said, Baer said a few times, we haven't seen any significant or meaningful change to our operating environment. Thank you all. 
