Baer Pettit: Thank you, Henry. 20 very interesting years indeed and doubtless more excitement ahead of us. So clearly, I share your enthusiasm about the many opportunities to drive growth and shareholder value at MSCI. Henry talked about the three pillar strategy that we discussed with you at Investor Day. At that event, we also highlighted the secular forces that are transforming the investment industry, including the move from activity to index enabled investing, increasing globalization and acceleration of capital flows; and the need to incorporate ESG and more specifically, climate change considerations into investments processes. MSCI continues to be well positioned to help global investors build modern portfolios that will capitalize on this transformation. Our sales efforts have led to total organic run rate growth of more than 14% in the fourth quarter year-over-year. Gross sales grew about 20% in each of our segments in the fourth quarter, and we reached record total gross sales of over $75 million. The fourth quarter's retention rate was down from the third quarter, but in-line with last year's fourth quarter rate at 92.9%. As a result of a seasonal decline, given the concentration of contracts, we generally come up for renewal in the fourth quarter. We're working hard to deliver must have products and solutions to our clients with the aim that such tools become embedded in their processes, analysis and thinking about investing. Our recurring subscription run rate where we recorded our ninth straight quarter of organic double digit percentage growth saw strength across all geographies, notably in Asia Pacific and Europe. From a client perspective, asset managers and asset owners, which collectively comprise two thirds of our subscription run rate, grew above the 11% each. At a segment level, index and analytics subscription run rate grew more than 11% and 7%, respectively. Within analytics, we recorded strong recurring sales growth in our equity and multi-asset class solutions, notably to asset owners. Within our all other segments, we crossed milestones of $100 million for our ESG research subscription run rate and $50 million for our real estate subscription run rate. Our ability to achieve these strong results and to deliver attractive returns on our investment dollars, validate our disciplined capital allocation approach. Our daily focus is to help clients more effectively and efficiently build portfolios. I'd like to walk you through a few recent examples of this. First, innovation within our ESG and factor categories has been a key differentiator in the cash inflows to equity ETFs linked to MSEI indexes versus our competitors, in 2019, MSEI was the number one index provider based on cash inflows to equity ETFs. Second, as we have often communicated, there are significant client benefits integrating MSEI research and content across various investment use cases. In the ESG space this integration has driven our combined ESG research and index run rate to nearly $150 million in 2019. Third, our continuous investments in modeling new risk categories has helped bolster our analytics growth. One such example is in the area of liquidity metrics where our innovative solutions were well received in 2019, and contributed meaningfully to our financial results. Next, our interactions with major global asset owners and asset managers show us that our real estate offerings are an important input to their investment decisions. Further, our 2019 client surveys indicate significant improvements in customer satisfaction with regards to our real estate products and services. And finally, last week we published the MSCI principles of sustainable investing to further equip investors with a framework to integrate ESG into their investment prophecies and make the global shift towards sustainable investing. Overall, we have substantial momentum heading into 2020, and we are confident in our ability to continue delivering for our clients.  This confidence underpins our guidance, which Linda will review in addition to going over our financial performance. Over to you, Linda.
Baer Pettit: Hi, Toni, Baer here. So look, clearly transparency is a critical element in sustainable investing. And we have shown our commitment to that both to the broader market and also to companies by making this information available at this level. Equally, central to the notion of ESG investing and sustainable investing is being able to go deep into underlying information relating to companies, activities, supply chain, and the enormous diversity of their activities. So we're confident that by putting this on our website, it both shows our commitment to transparency to giving the market headline information, but that our subscription model and the need to act as the more detailed research behind the ratings will continue to be very important economic driver for us.
Baer Pettit: At this stage, we don't have a great deal of evidence of that. I mean, as you know, it's an area of investing that is growing dramatically quickly. We've seen enormous changes even within the last year or two, let alone the last five years. And so and lows to make a forward-looking judgment about that. I think you can see our results are very robust and very -- continue to be very strong and attractive. So at present, we don't have any evidence of any sort of strong pricing pressure.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So for the time being beyond is not having a material impact on the analytics numbers. And during the course of 2020, it will not be a major contributor to the analytics sales. We're confident about where the platform is. And I think, as the year progresses, we can keep you updated on the functionality and client uptake. So I would say we're confident with the path for beyond, but from a pure accounting revenue point of view for 2020, it should not have a material impact.
Baer Pettit: Yeah, so the good news, Bill, is the headline is nothing to see here. Honestly, there really isn't, I mean, the Q4 number was pretty much. So that's the total company number. The index number is higher. I don't have a right in front of me. But -- so the total, the total company number was pretty much flat. The index numbers have continued to be very strong. And so really, there's -- the good news is there's really -- there's no story that we see there. We see conditions being fundamentally what they have been.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So in fact, let me talk about nonrecurring sales a little more broadly. So last year, there was roughly a 50-50 split in nonrecurring sales between equity index and analytics. So in equity index, the main drivers of that are the continued strengthening of what Henry has called the third pillar of derivatives in equity index which is -- which are made up of structured products and OTC, over-the-counter licenses. So that is the main thing there. And those revenues are nonrecurring, but we think that category will continue to grow. In analytics, to come back to your point, the key drivers there are implementation and managed services on a roughly 2/3, 1/3 basis. So structurally in analytics, as our larger, more complex deals grow and also as we service this efficiency theme that we've discussed with you in the past at asset managers where we're getting increasingly involved in helping them manage data, etc., then the managed services linked to that in setting all of that infrastructure up, will continue to go up. The final point about those, again, it's a category which should grow but just to reemphasize what we've said in the past, it will be lumpy. It is -- there are certain types of deals which will have this attached to it. There are certain types which won't. And so it's a category, which directionally should grow, but will be fairly lumpy Q-on-Q type of thing.
Baer Pettit: And just one -- just more slightly tactical observation -- following up from Henry's kind of slightly more strategic view, we've been talking to clients in the last number of weeks since these indexes have been launched and leading up to their launch. We've had very positive feedback across a range of different client types. And so I would say that from our client interactions, very recently, literally last week, the last few weeks, we've had a very positive reception. These numbers will not be material to MSCI in the short run. But I hope that over the course of the year, we'll be able to give you more color related to benchmark wins, product launches related to these indexes.
Linda Huber: Thanks, Baer, and hello to everyone on the call. I'll start with operating revenue where we reported $407 million in the quarter, up 12% from the prior year. Looking at each of our business units, first, in index, operating revenue grew approximately 16%. Growth in asset based-fees was a meaningful contributor. In addition, we saw strength in recurring subsequent subscription revenue, driven by continued momentum and developed market modules and impact of custom in ESG indexes. Second, analytics operating revenue increased more than 5% with continued strong growth and nonrecurring revenue from implementation and other services as well as an uptick in recurring subscription revenue. Finally, for the all other segments, operating revenues grew 20%, reflecting reverse growth across our ESG rating and screening offers. In asset-based fee, revenue grew 18%. It was driven by strong ETF revenue and average asset under management grew 21% year-over-year, and equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes. Sequentially the average basis points fee actually increased slightly 5.01 basis points. This was due to the mix of ETF capturing flows rather than a reversal of the broader to context. Non-ETFs assets fund revenue was up 11%, driven by increased contributions from higher fee products. And finally, futures and options revenue, one of our high growth areas, set approximately $3 million as compared to last year. As you heard from Henry, ending assets under management and equity ETFs linked to MSCI indexes were $934 billion as of December 31, 2019, up 34% versus the prior year-end and up more than 14% versus the prior quarter end. On a sequential basis, MSCI up $56 billion of inflows into 5.2 MSCI indexes across geographic market exposures, notably those associated with developed markets outside the U.S. Additionally, factors in ESG funds accounted for nearly a third of cash inflows into equity ETFs linked to our indices. On year-over-year basis, around 40% of $239 billion growth in assets under management at year-end was attributable to cash inflows with the balance coming from market appreciation. Now I'll shift the focus to adjusted earnings per share, excuse me, which was $1.67 per share in the fourth quarter, up 27% year-over-year. More than two-thirds of the growth in adjusted EPS was from higher operating revenue, net of operating expenses, strong proof points on the earnings power of our franchise. The remaining third of the growth in adjusted EPS was driven primarily by a lower tax rate and reduced share count, partially offset by higher interest expense. Turning now to our balance sheet and capital allocation, we ended the year with $1.5 billion of cash and $31 billion of debt. Excuse me, $3.1 billion of debt. In November, we issued $1 billion of debt at a coupon of 4% and $500 million of the proceeds to partially refinance our $5.25 coupon notes due in 2024 of which we currently have $300 million remaining. In the fourth quarter MSCI paid approximately $58 million in dividends to its shareholders, but did not repurchase any shares. Before I turn the call back to Henry, I'd like to share some elements of the 2020 guidance, we published in our press release morning. MSCI trend for 2020 is based on assumptions and a number of macroeconomics, capital market factors, and particularly related to equity market. These assumptions are subject to uncertainty and actual results for the year could differ materially from our current guidance. For the full year 2020, we currently expect adjusted EBITDA expenses in the range of $750 million to $770 million and capital expenditures in the range of $60 million to $70 million. As you know, we cannot predict asset base fee revenue. However, it is our intention that higher levels of operating revenues will coincide with higher levels of expenses and higher capital expenditures as we invest back in our growing businesses. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $580 million to $640 million. Free cash flow in 2020 is projected to decline from 2019, primarily due to two factors. First, the absence of tax benefits we had related to stock-based compensation last year; and second, to increase capital expenditures this year. A full list of our guidance is included in our earnings release published this morning as well as in our earnings presentation for this call. Both are available in the investor relations section of our website at msci.com. Before we move to Q&A, I'd like to turn the call back over to Henry.
Linda Huber: Manav, it's Linda. We continue to pay our dividends. It's about $58 million per quarter on our dividends. We'll take another look at our dividend rates we get later in the year as we usually do. Partnerships are very important, but they don't require a huge outlay of cash, which is very helpful. They do require a huge outlay of work and time and focus on the accounting treatment. The buybacks, we do have some modeled in about 2.2 million shares, frankly, at a price lower than where we're trading now. We'll continue to take a look at that. But that continues to focus on the opportunistic where repurchasing shares that Henry just talked about. So that's how we're thinking about this for right now. And if we evolve that over the year, we will keep you posted.
Linda Huber: Okay, Alex, you're asking for about all the variables we haven't spoken to. So let me see if I can help you with this in a way that follows our guidance. So we started with the adjusted EBITDA expense because we thought this would be more helpful for the shareholders, and we talked about a range of $750 million to $770 million. The matching number for 2019 was $707 million just so you're aware of that. The piece of ETFs linked to MSCI within ADS has grown rapidly. We started the most recent number at $950 million, which has been a significant jump up from where we were just a few months ago. So we're taking a look at that $950 million number Alex. And in terms of planning for our expense growth, we're taking a moderate or conservative view of further growth in that number because it has jumped up pretty, significantly, just in the last couple of months. So hope that helps you. And then the $770 million, which is the top end of the range, we want to very much stressed that hat we're going to have to see some additional increases in those ABF fees enable to spend more. So we're looking at modest increase in spending. If we have earned it. If we have earned it on the top line, and that may take us toward the higher end of the range, but we'll keep you posted. We would note, very important to note, the first quarter is a higher expenditure quarter for us due to tax payments and bonuses. So if we do more of this, it will likely not come quite as much in the first quarter, but a little bit more tilted toward the second and third, perhaps the back half of the year. So hope that helps you, Alex, but we would point you back to the longer-term guidance targets that we had given in Investor Day last year as what we're continuing to try to achieve.
Linda Huber: We’re very thoughtful and moderate in terms of what we're expecting from the market because we've seen very good growth already.
Linda Huber: Sure, Craig. The first thing is that technology underpins all of our investments. And we pair those technology investments with the product investments to ensure that we can deliver for our clients. Some of the product investment areas are ESG, as Henry has described at length. Fixed income, where things are going very well. Index innovation is also a very good area for us. And futures and options is growing very rapidly. Also, our Analytics business is doing really well. Margin, close to 35%, which is an incredible accomplishment. So plenty of areas for investment and those would be some of the major ones. But again, only toward the high end of the expense growth range, if we earn our way into it with good fortunes in the ABF lot.
Linda Huber: Yes, I think that's probably fair, Craig. We like where we are. We do have an amount of dry powder. But as you see, we're moving in the partnership way of investing that has served us very well. And I think you're in the right ZIP code. One housekeeping matter while we continue to look for some things here, on the Burgiss partnership, want to reiterate that, that is a minority stake, and we will not consolidate the financials of Burgiss. Our share of its income is going to flow to other income, other expense and will be expressed in a net line on that. So just wanted to make sure that as you're looking at where we are with Burgiss, you know where to look.
Linda Huber: Yes. In fact, we're picking up some expenses from Burgiss and the integration, it's Linda. But we don't expect to see significant results on this, particularly immediately.
Linda Huber: Sure. Chris, one of the things we like to say of the entirety of the subscription growth part of the business, it's about 1/3 price increases and 2/3 volume for existing and new clients, so less than 1/3 really on price increases.
Henry Fernandez: Thank you, Linda. I’m pleased to announce that we've added two new Directors to our Board. Paula Volent and Sandy Rattray have been appointed to serve as Independent Directors effective February 26th of this year, increasing our Board from 10 to 12 directors. Both Paula and Sandy have extensive experience in the investment industry. Paula is currently the Chief Investment Officer of Bowdoin College in the U.S., one of the best performance endowments in the U.S. And Sandy is currently the Chief Investment Officer of the Man Group in the UK. I’m confident they will provide diverse and valuable perspectives, drawing from their combined global experience and their expertise across asset classes and emerging the industry trends, including technological innovation. And with that, we'll move over now to Q&A.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So Manav, let me start with Burgiss, and then we can browse it to other forms of partnerships. So Burgiss is one of the leading, if not the leading provider of private asset class, data and analytics through a sort of integrated, unified technology platform. They've been at it, at this game for about 30 years, 30 plus years. They serve about 1,000 clients in 36 countries. And importantly, on the product line is about 10,000 funds that represented by $7 trillion of committed capital. And a bit of their strength is in private equity. But it's not totally. So in that, let me give you a little breakdown, in that 10,000 funds, over 6,000 of those 10,000 are in private equity, representing about $400 trillion out of the seven. Another close to 2,000 funds, representing say about $1.5 trillion are in private real assets, real estate, natural resources infrastructure. And another thousand funds or so, representing close to a trillion dollars, little less, is in private. So this is an incredibly rich database that we can not only held Burgiss commercialize much more rapidly. And that's one of the reasons you haven't heard much about Burgiss because they've been a company that has been a great deal of time building their products and we are – a lot of our efforts are to help them commercialize product. But then secondly that we can take a lot of these databases at MSCI and build all the things that we know how to build, build risk models, build performance attribution models, performance measurement models and all of that for these various private assets. So we are extremely excited about this partnership and investment that will -- so remember, everything I just say about Burgiss, what I haven’t said is our own private core real estate product line. We just crossed the $50 million run rate is made up of about $2 trillion worth of real estate properties in 30, 40 countries in the world, and representing about 70,000 properties. So there's some overlap, so to speak, but between the tools, we have roughly $9 trillion of databases, which I would imagine is pretty close to 85%, maybe 90% or 95% of the entire universe of private asset classes in the world. So very exciting about that opportunity. Now more broadly speaking, one of the key tenets of MSCI's strategy is to build partnerships. Distribution partnerships, research, academic partnerships to build new models, data partnerships to get data, technology partnerships to help us accelerate our AI and machine learning processes, for example, and the like. And those partnerships to be the basis for creating ecosystems in which hopefully, MSCI is the heart of that ecosystem in order for all of us to be serving clients. So we started -- we've always been doing this, but we accelerated the partnership initiatives about two, three years ago. Obviously, we have very extensive client partnerships as well. But we accelerated the other forms of partnerships. So you're going to see us doing a lot more of this, a lot more. Some partnerships may be just a strategic relationship, exchanging in data, exchanging mutual capabilities. Some of them may require some investments on our part either minority investments of any type or maybe control investments.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So we have an integrated capital allocation approach, right, which is “external capital location”, which is dividends, share buybacks, obviously, we're always focused on the leverage ratios of the company. And the objective there is to run the company within the minimal amount of capital necessary and distribute any excess capital in the company. And then the internal capital allocation process is about how do we deploy capital internally for organic investments that -- and that's something that Linda can talk to at a later point in time that we're very focused on. And then obviously, the third element is sort of external M&A or partnerships and the like. These are all opportunistic. They got a common goal. I will not say that we're accelerating that for any reason. It just happens with the Carbon Delta, and we've done this. But -- whatever -- and those have extremely attractive returns, obviously, in addition to the organic investments. So whatever it doesn't get utilized on a proper and high rate of return with good paybacks then that capital gets returned to the shareholders in the form of dividends and in the form of opportunistic buybacks of our shares.
Henry Fernandez: Sure. So I'll make a few comments there, Alex. So, first of all, I think we've had a generally strong growth across analytics, as I said in my comments. So it's not -- I would say unevenly distributed. Having said that, particularly positive areas have been recently in combination of borrow one for in asset owners. So for total portfolio analysis of risk and return and with a sort of if you like an overweight in the numbers to Asia. So those are some of the, I would say the most recent, above average performances. I would say -- and in those -- we would assume that the strength in total portfolio analytics will continue. The numbers in Asia were very strong. We want to keep pushing them, but they did have and may not persistent quite that level -- there were some exceptional deals there. But and as I mentioned with my comments about liquidity, that's one example of various kinds of serving, increasingly specialized use cases where we have a unique offering. So I would say good core strengths, some specific out performance and continued innovation. And we want to, keep that on.
Henry Fernandez: So look, the ESG investing or sustainable investing is a major permanent secular trend in the world driven by -- think of it as the shrinking of the basement, the shrinking of the world in terms of dissemination of information, connectivity, communication, transparency of what's happening and the like. And that this -- in a world like that, in which societies around the world, are -- have access to a lot more information, a lot more transparency on a real-time basis about what's happening in all institutions of society. Those societies are going to hold those institutions accountable for their actions. And this is not just about investors and companies. It's about political institutions, media, religious, educational and so on and so forth. So 10 years from now, in the investing industry, I don't think that there will be a category called sustainable investing because everything that people will do will have to have an element of sustainable investing in that -- in their investment processes. So MSCI wants to be the leading provider by far in the world of all the tools necessary to make that transition and to get to that point, and that is from ESG research, to understand what the ESG components of companies are. So somebody wants to come with a list and say, exclude this, exclude that, we know what we're talking about, ESG ratings, ESG indices of all types in equities, in fixed income and the like. By the way, ESG ratings in equities, in fixed income, in real estate, in private companies, in private debt and the like. And ESG risk models or less risk models that take into account also ESG in all the other factors that they do and all of that. So we are extremely well positioned at MSCI to be the leader in this, because we already are crossing the whole product range that I just described. We are already a multi-asset class firm, and we already play a central role in the investment industry. So there will be competition because it's a very vast and large field for sure. But I think our position in the marketplace, our -- the quality of what we do, the combination of all the things that we do for people, as opposed to only one thing to one area or another that another supplier can do, will create enormous moat around our franchise. And that's what we're gunning for here, and that's where we're putting enormous investments into that. Now that's the ESG category as a whole. Within ESG, you have climate change, which is eventually, maybe in next few years, climate change and the impact on portfolios around the world, may even become bigger than ESG itself. Right now, we put it into a subset of ESG investing, but they may become even bigger than ESG investing itself and a category of its own. So we're taking steps to be the leading provider of climate change tools in the world as they affect portfolios, as they affect repricing of assets and as they affect asset allocation of investors. 
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So let me just take this opportunity to say something that we say a lot inside MSCI. We're not in the index business. We're not in the analytics business. We're not in the risk business. We're not in the data business. We are in the business of helping portfolio -- helping investors build better portfolios, which right now happens to be a combination of all of that and will continue to be a combination of all of that, but there will be some other elements over time like private asset classes, that will be integral part of helping investors build better portfolios. So we have no interest in sort of launching a fixed income index for the sake of throwing another widget in the marketplace. What we are looking here to do is to -- we see a need for fixed income investors in the world, to look at an index or a model portfolio, if you think that way, that incorporates the securities in it, reweighted along ESG lines or reweighted along factor lines. And if ESG right now is less of an alpha-generating tool, a lot of it is a risk management tool. And if we think that ESG is big in equities, it should be much bigger in fixed income. Because as you know, when you invest in a fixed income means the best you can hope for is get paid back your principal. And therefore, risk management becomes much more central to the investment process of fixed income, and therefore, ESG should become more central to that process. So that's what we're solving for in the launch of these things. And we did it in consultation with clients all over the world, and use cases that we want to use and all of that.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. Look, I think, importantly, that flexing between 6% and 9%, we obviously, accounting-wise call it EBITDA expenses. These are not -- I mean, there are expenses, of course, but they are investments, more importantly. And we are also extremely focused and obsessed with a methodology or investment, which we call the triple crown methodology, which is something that we want to buy us, a lot of our investments and our internal capital allocation, on investments of three crowns. One is high, very high risk-adjusted internal rates of return. Secondly, the shorter the payback, the better. And number three, in areas that the multiple of EBITDA that is yielded by those investment is the highest. So there will be a balance. Obviously, that you've got to do in all of this, but the huge emphasis is in that triple crown territory.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So therefore, I mean, when you look at index, we haven't completely sort of broken all out like this way, and maybe we will in the future. But the -- if you look at the index product line, you can then categorize that index product line into three or four buckets, right? You can say the market cap indices -- that's what we call the ACWI IMI family. Then the ESG indices, obviously, which are -- have an ESG overlay. The factor indices, they have an overlay. And then you split the products into the use cases, which is, is it being used for active management purposes, i.e., benchmarking? Is it being used for passive management purposes? Or is it being used for derivatives or structured products as a third pillar, third leg? So it's a little bit of a matrix in all of that. So -- but if you focus on the market cap indices, and then, obviously, there is a further breakdown of market cap, the developed market cap and the emerging market cap because those modules and the subscriptions have different sales cycles. In the market cap indices, what's driving the growth is continued globalization of the equity markets of the world, continued expansion of the use cases inside an organization. So we have traditionally charged by number of people that use the indices, by vendors and all of that. We're now moving to a little bit more of a bundled products. But when you have -- if an organization has, let's say, 100 professionals that were using the indices and they want to go to 300 -- 200 or 300 professionals that want to use the indices, there has to be a commensurate amount of new fees. What is also driving the growth of the market cap businesses is custom indices? These are market cap businesses in which somebody say, can you exclude this? Can you exclude that? Can you put another thing like this? Can you do this? So that is a high level of growth that is happening that is happening there. Now in the ETF category, of course, market cap indices continue to grow as well. Obviously, the -- we've seen higher growth in ESG indices and ETF and obviously, in factor ETF. So there is a whole category of things that maybe in future discussions, we can try to put a sort of a landscape of all of this, but that's a little -- another area that obviously is happening is new client segments, right, that are new -- wealth management is a new client segment that are using now indices, hedge funds, equity long-short hedge funds are being measured given the performance of equity long-short hedge funds or lack of performance, as you say, relative to nonleverage -- I'm sorry, nonshort strategies. These people are now being increasingly measured against the market cap indices. So they need to subscribe to the information and so on and so forth.
Henry Fernandez: Well, no, over time, I mean, over time, if you have an ESG portfolio, you're going to do all the things that you do in a normal portfolio. You're going to say, how do I measure performance? What is the attribution of the -- let me give you an example on ESG, climate change driven, which is as we all know very well, at the energy sector, particularly oil and gas has been underperformer. So when you do your performance measure and attribution, you have to say, what parts of the oil and gas industry are driving your performance and what part are not? On the flip side of that is what kind of outperformance are you getting on alternative energies, from solar to wind and the like, nuclear, etc.? So again, this is all being done right now with certain, obviously, degrees, but that's -- it's not going to be any different, same thing on factors as we know that momentum has been a big driver of returns and quality and growth relative to value, as an example. So you want to analyze your portfolio on the basis of what is my performance attribution? How much of that is coming from outperformance momentum versus lack of performance and value? We provide all those tools, and that's why this franchise is getting stronger and stronger.
Henry Fernandez: Not really. I mean, it's clearly a smaller company compared to us, right? So the hope is that it's going to grow a lot, but it's still early days.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So the -- if you noticed, we always talk about two things. We always talk about the investment and the strategic partnership with them. The goal obviously, hand in hand, the investment is -- we're just a shareholder with the owner and the founder of the company, Jim Kocis. And on the sort of data usage and partnerships and the like, those are subject to separate negotiated agreements one by one as to how do we divide up cost if we're working on a joint product? How we divide up revenues and all of that, and those are being worked on right now.
Henry Fernandez: Well, I'd like to thank you again for the opportunity to present given the last 10 years of great performance. And obviously, the anticipation of what we can do in the next 10 years. I would like to make sure you all recognize how much we value, the belief that you and our shareholders have put in us, the trust and confidence, in running this great franchise and being good stewards of capital. And we hope we never disappoint in all of that. So thank you very much.
