Baer Pettit: Hi, Toni. Baer here. So look, we really haven't seen a dramatic change. Across the board, we've seen in all products a little bit of slowness, particularly in the procurement process. I think you would expect that in the current environment that people need to go an extra step to get signatures, et cetera. And that's we're seeing in different degrees and it's not a very clear pattern. But ESG certainly has held up well. So I would say that the simplest headline would be we've really seen no dramatic change in ESG and continued high levels of activity with clients moving in the right direction.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Okay. So we can give you the exact breakdown. But, clearly, with rounding error, asset managers are our largest segment, I think we're at roughly 60%-ish at this stage. But more broadly, across the board, we've had, I think, really an excellent client response. We've been reaching out very broadly. I sent an e-mail to all the clients and we laid out a range of free trials on a number of products, which have had a very high uptick across all product lines and regions. Our research readership is I think up something like 70% over the 24-month average. We've been putting out a lot of very topical research related to market reactions, stress testing, et cetera. We've given clients enormous amounts of support related to working remotely. And, of course, even before that, as a starting point, we've shown great resiliency in all of our deliverables to clients. So, I would say that, in terms of the levels of client engagement, the outstanding job that our client coverage teams have done working remotely and reaching out to clients, continuing to do demos of our software products, etcetera, has been great. At this stage, in view of the fact that we're really only a month into the quarter, it's very hard to draw conclusions much beyond the ones that Henry laid out a bit earlier, which is, for sure the sales cycle has got a bit slower. We are seeing certain things being pushed out a bit. We are seeing things being pushed a little bit more senior in organizations to get approval. And the likelihood is that will continue. And our expectation is, although, just to be clear, we haven't seen a great deal of evidence of this, but our expectation is likely that it would be logical that if the economic consequences of the pandemic are those that we're reading about every day, that we will likely see some pressure from cancellations as certain clients come under strain. So, I would say, great client engagement, the pipeline is still healthy and the sort of marginal tensions that you would expect at this stage, without anything dramatic or anything, that's a clear pattern.
Baer Pettit: Yes. Look, we're not in a position at this stage to need to seriously consider sort of structural adjustments. The first stage that we've done is just to make things easier, right? So, for example, giving free trials, that's not out of economic pressure. That's in order to make things easier for our clients to make sure that they have access to the right tools immediately, such as our shorter-dated models. So, I think, we will see, as things progress, most of our clients -- in fact almost all of our clients have been in lockdown, as we have and you've been. We've had to a degree, after the initial trough, some resilience in the equity markets and some support in the fixed income markets from various governments. So we're in this situation now where I think it would be difficult to speculate as to what will happen going forward. But the simplest answer to your question is, as of today we have no -- we've not seen any fundamental changes in the way we operate our pricing or anything of that kind.
Baer Pettit: Yes. So I hope you don't get me in too much of a quantitative finance trap here as we have many experts in the building. But -- so look the way I would understand it is for sure -- and this is on a high level. I'm sure you appreciate that and we'll be happy to send you all the relevant research. But the way I would say it is, I think there are two things, right? One is likely the structural trend of -- the larger amounts of capital are tilting toward ESG strategies and so there's likely -- there's an element of simply more money following companies that have a better ESG rating. In terms of some of the factor analysis we've done, there is clearly a link to quality to a degree in some of those analytics. But -- and in certain cases with certain companies, surprisingly there's actually sometimes been a link to momentum. So I think it's been -- it's not the right place or time to give an exact parsing of that. But I think the main headlines are continued resilience of people wanting exposure to the companies -- the ESG companies that they believe will drive longer-term returns. And as I said, we're happy to give you a lot of other research and data around that.
Baer Pettit: And one final point. Look just leaving aside the performance, which again those -- there may be those better equipped to do the full breakdown. But look the -- going back to the earlier question about the ESG pipeline, certainly we are seeing very much clear and intense client focus on this. Even in the last few weeks I've been on two senior client calls, one with a large asset manager linked to an insurance company, one with a large asset owner -- a North American large asset owner. And for sure, the ESG conversation remains very front and center and we see no evidence of that changing at all.
Baer Pettit: Look I think the simplest answer is, no. I just don't think. No, but I really -- I think with the relatively short amount of time frame and the volatility of markets for sure, we've seen -- we haven't seen or heard anything that I'd like to -- I'd feel comfortable extrapolating from.
Baer Pettit: Yeah. Almost entirely is what is the answer, right? So we have – our products are typically no longer locally installed at our clients bar some extremely very small percentages, which are really not worth going into. So our clients have been able to continue to access all of our content, data, analytics et cetera continuously throughout the crisis, right? So I think it's been both a very strong operational outcome in terms of the – our business continuity planning and the fact that we have been able to move everyone out of our own offices and continue producing and launching new software versions and correcting bugs and doing all the day-to-day stuff. And equally, our clients have been able to move to their home locations and continue to do everything that they normally do. So in that regard, we're pretty well set up for – should this type of environment continue we feel very confident that we can continue to operate as we normally would do.
Henry Fernandez: So, Toni I think the – we see no significant long-term changes, at least no negative changes to the franchise and to the way we interface with clients and the drivers and trends underpinning our business. If anything it – if anything over the last 25 years or so, Baer and I have been working together for over 20 years, in each one of these circumstances where we have had at this location or a crisis, we have been able to stay very close to our clients, to innovate faster, to come up with products much faster. And every time our franchise has come out stronger as a result of the crisis. So I would anticipate that that will be the case here, in which we will come out stronger. And particularly because pretty much every one of our product lines have the win in their back from sustainable investing, to factor investing, to risk management and risk analytics, particularly in a volatile environment like this to passive investing, to private equity and private asset class investing and so on and so forth. And obviously, as you know well, the underpinnings of our business are also predicated on three things: data, huge amounts of data; lot of analytics, one form or another; and an incredible amount of technology. So as clients work even more remotely and don't rely on a lot of interpersonal issues therefore we should see an uptick on a lot of what we do with our clients.
Henry Fernandez: So Bill, I think the -- what you have here is that two, three different trends. The first one is in general, we have seen in periods of significant market volatility and decline that investors who want to remain equitized and not simply sort of go to cash prefer to put their money into indexed strategies. So that in and of itself supports the -- has always supported the market for ETF. And for sure there is no withdrawals in -- of any significant magnitude from institutional passive management. Secondly with respect to MSCI, there are -- there is a mix going on that I would like to allude to. There is a shift towards factor investing and we benefited from that. There's a shift towards ESG investing. We've benefited from that. Our U.S. -- our MSCI USA indices license to ETFs in the U.S. such as the USA Minimum Volatility Index for example has gathered assets. And as you know in this period of volatility in the world there's been money flock into the U.S. markets. So we have been a beneficiary of that. Not to some extent that others, because obviously we do have a large exposure in emerging market, which is -- has been a negative and in other developed markets around the world. But for sure as we have developed more and more MSCI USA indices and license them to ETF managers that has allowed more assets to flow into that compared to the past. So those are a few examples of why we believe we have outperformed relative to other index providers and relative to our clients who are ETF managers have outperformed relative to other ETF managers.
Henry Fernandez: Not really. I think that -- I'd like to reinforce what Baer said, which is we were very pleased with the last week or so of the quarter, the last week of March -- the last two weeks of March even in the midst of huge amount of volatility in the markets, major scare and fear and uncertainty as to what will happen. And a meaningful amount of our sales in the quarter end up being the last week or two of the quarter. And we were able to close the vast majority of those. A few slip towards the following quarter, which is a normal cadence that happens. Sometimes you cannot get all the approvals so the sales slips to the next quarter. And in the month of April so far, we are clearly bracing ourselves to lower sales and higher cancels and elongated sales cycles and the like. But as Baer indicated, we have not seen significant evidence of that yet. Again we are bracing ourselves and we want to talk to all of you openly about that, and it is something that we want to prepare for but we have not seen yet significant evidence of that one.
Henry Fernandez: What I'd like to add to Linda's comment is that we at the moment do not necessarily have a bearish view of our environment the same way that we don't necessarily have a bullish view on the environment. What we are doing at MSCI and we always have done is to ensure that we are prepared to flex up or flex down. Flex up meaning if the AUM recovers, we will be back at putting some of the investment spending that we have talked about, which are going to benefit us in the longer-term. If things get more difficult, we will tighten the belt. And even in those scenarios of difficult market conditions, we're still doing a meaningful amount of investing particularly in short-term return projects that will benefit us. And will come out of this crisis much better. The last thing that, I will say is there should not be any interpretation to anything that we have said that MSCI is not prepared to continue to innovate and invest in our business. We will be doing that even during this crisis. It's just the manner in which we do it, is what is relevant.
Henry Fernandez: So, definitely a lot of innovation happening. A lot of new product development occurring, a lot of discussions with our partners around the world. We -- a lot of our partners in the West Europe and the U.S. is ICE and Eurex. And we've had a number of discussions with them about what new products to launch. So for example there's been a big emphasis in both ICE and Eurex to launch ESG Index futures. So we're working on that. We're also ramping up our discussion with our partners in Asia, in terms of optimizing the MSCI franchise, in Asia. Right now a big part of what we do there has been futures and options on Taiwan and Singapore another single country. We're pushing pretty hard on the futures contracts on the Emerging Markets Asia Index and the like so quite a lot of activity on this front for sure. And we see it as -- in particular in this environment, as a great time to be able to push all of that further in order to continue to diversify our revenue base.
Henry Fernandez: I think what you have is a tug of two variables that typically happens, in downturns like this. On one hand, pretty much all of our products in a market -- in a down market, become more important much more essential to the success of our clients. For sure risk management -- risk analytics risk management of whether its multi-asset class portfolio fixed income portfolios, equity portfolios for sure factor investing, because they need to understand that. We talked a lot about in this crisis the outperformance of ESG. So that's going to become more important and passive. On one hand, yes, in an environment like this active stock picking benefits, but there's a huge amount of money that gets cash equitized, in passive investing. So, the passive gets a benefit. So that's -- the underlying trends behind our business become much more important in an environment like this. On the flip side, there currently is, the budgets of our clients. And how much can they make room in their budget for those absolutely essential tools that they need to add to what they have. And that's where the art comes in. We try to be more flexible. We try to figure out easier ways for them to do business with us, et cetera. So, as I think there what happens -- and in the end it's a little bit of as I said a tug between those two variables. And there are times in which the positives outweigh the negatives and there are times in which the negatives outweigh the positive. But there's never a big downturn in all of this. Now the last point on respect to passive, obviously compared to the financial crisis, our dependence on passive investing is more -- is probably double or triple -- probably triple what it was at the time of the financial crisis. But we're also very confident that even in markets like this of a crisis the equity markets will remain resilient. Why? There is financial repression. The alternative of investing in bonds is very low compared to risk assets. So, we remain fairly confident on our ability to recapture some of those fees in terms of assets under management fees in quarters to come even in the context of a recessionary environment.
Henry Fernandez: So in an environment like this, we keep – we stay very close to the companies that are of a strategic interest to us. We remain and become even more financially disciplined in valuation – in values and valuation in an environment like this. And they are – as time goes by, opportunities do present themselves in situations like this. And we will be definitely analyzing them and if they meet our criteria of significant strategic value to us and appropriate rates of return and in this case even enhanced rates of return given the risk premium that is happening around the world, we will definitely pursue them. That's – we are a little more keen on following those M&A opportunities than we were six months or a year ago, but it's totally random, right? It's whatever happens become available that we can action – turn it into action.
Henry Fernandez: Once again, thank you everyone for joining us today and for your continued interest in MSCI. We sincerely hope that you and your families stay safe during this difficult pandemic and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. So operator, this concludes today's call.
Linda Huber: Sure. Alex, let me just walk through what we're seeing with ABF. And you're right that cash flows move more -- free cash flows move down more than cost cut. So let me just take you a little bit through that. As Henry said, 80% subscription revenue business, but then we've got to think about ABF, which is about 20% of the total revenue. So the run rate for ABF as of March 31 was $350 million. So if you think about it in three buckets, roughly $200 million is from ETFs, another $100 million or so is non-ETF passive. And remember that's reported on a one quarter lag, very sticky, doesn't move too much. And the remaining, somewhat less than $50 million comes from futures and options. So, what's happening with each of those on the ETF run rate, we saw this $225 billion decline and that was almost entirely driven by market depreciation, I commented on that in the script 96% from market depreciation. Non-ETF passives, as we said, is pretty stable, few outflows quarter lag reporting. So, that one hangs in there. And then futures and options are able to make up some of the decline that we've seen from the ABF run rate that we talked about before, but not all of it. And we think that that will continue to pickup. So, we've got kind of one chunk that's down which is asset-based fees. Passives hang in there. Futures and options doing really well. Now on top of that you've to lay in a couple of cash flow factors. So last year coming off of 2019, we had very significant stock-based compensation, which vested. We don't have that this year. And we have taken into account. We may see some slowdown in collection. So as part of Henry's comment on conservative planning, we thought about slowing that down a little bit, which also would hit our cash flow. However, we're working very hard to make sure that we keep our day sales in line with what it's been. So, it's mainly just conservative planning and hope that helps you.
Linda Huber: Sure, and Baer may want to comment on this after me. Of course, Alex, we're not going to go deeply into this. But I think we said on the script that the biggest chunk of that reset has now passed behind us and that will have some impact as we go forward. But as we said that's the biggest piece. Baer, may wish to add.
Linda Huber: Yes. It's Linda. Just a quick update on that. ESG, ETFs linked to MSCI saw cash inflows across all geographic exposures and factors other than X value and growth saw inflows in all regions, but emerging markets. And interestingly from a market share perspective, MSCI-linked ETFs drove 81% of global ESG, ETF flows and 165% of global factor ETF flows. Again that's X value and growth. I hope that helps you a bit.
Linda Huber: Sure. Craig, probably the first thing to focus on is we want to reiterate we said up to $50 million. And it is our fond hope that we won't have to cut that deeply. The actual amount depends on what we do and when. If the crisis gets worse, we can toggle more toward that $50 million and if not that may be too much. Some of the flexibility is already embedded in our process. You've seen our downturn playbook. The first bucket is the self-adjusting metrics-based incentive plans. So, obviously, if we don't do as well, we don't pay out as much. So that happens automatically. We do have the majority of the expenses with the people. And so a meaningful amount of it is compensation. You heard we have a hiring freeze in place. That's across the board and it doesn't relate to any of the businesses specifically. So just making a very few critical hires. And again the bonuses could adjust based on the economic conditions. Then we have some discretionary spending that we also talk about in the downturn playbook. So T&E has largely frozen at this point. Training, professional fees, marketing those kinds of things we can limit pretty quickly and that has allowed us to pull it on our cost base. So again if things are really difficult, we can go back to having expenses being flat to last year. And if not, we will continue with less of an expense cut. But it's not really broken out specifically by businesses. We do intend to continue to invest at this moment. We're holding on to a very high percentage of our investment dollars at this point. And we're going to have to see how things go through the rest of the year. But as Henry stresses all the time, we have to be prepared. So we are prepared and we will see how conditions move. But $50 million is the outside if things are quite difficult. So I hope that helps you.
Linda Huber: It's Linda. I thought, Andy might want to just take a minute to update on the Burgiss investment that we made. And as a matter of housekeeping, I just wanted to remind everyone on the call that we're using the equity method of accounting for Burgiss. So you won't see any revenues from Burgiss this quarter because it's recorded on a one quarter lag. That the impact of the investment will show up in other expense and income net if you're looking for it. And just thought that Andy might want to comment on how Burgiss is going.
