Andy Wiechmann: Sure, hi Manav. Yes, we did throw a number of climate metrics out during the call, so it's probably helpful to summarize them here. I'll start at the top. If we look across MSCI, so across all product lines, we had $65 million of Climate run rate. That was going at 89% year-over-year. If we look at just the subscription portion of the Climate run rate, that was $46 million. And that was growing at a 92%. So, that excluded about $19 million, between $19 million and $20 million of ABF revenue from our Index segment. If we look at the Climate component in our ESG and Climate segment, that's $37 million. And that's growing at 97% ex FXs as Henry and Baer alluded to in their prepared remarks. And so, Climate is becoming a more meaningful component of the overall business. It's clearly contributing a meaningful amount to the overall growth of the segment and the overall company. And we continue to be quite bullish on the prospects more broadly across both Climate and ESG.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I think if you highlighted and we've seen, the retention rates do underscore the fact that our tools are very mission critical to our clients and there in areas of long-term secular growth which is clearly driving some resiliency. And you can see that in not only the overall retention rate but the fact that it's close to record levels across all areas. Although, as you pointed out and I've mentioned in the past, in past downturns, when we've seen a few I'll say to several quarters of sustained market pullbacks, we do tend to see a pickup in client events like fund closures, desk closures, restructurings, mergers, so client evens like that tend to pick up and our largest source of cancels is client events. And so, we are proceeding with caution here. Where we're definitely excited about the high retention rates but given past performance what we've seen in past downturns, we could see a pick-up in cancellations if this environment persists.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, sure. Let me try to provide some perspective and I'll give a little bit of color on what we saw in the quarter. I do want to start by underscoring that we remain very bullish on the long-term potential for both Climate and ESG. I think the factors that have been driving the growth will remain powerful in the years ahead. And if you can tell by the Climate growth rates that we mentioned in the prepared remarks and I underscored to an earlier question. We continue to see very strong growth from Climate and expect Climate to be a larger and larger contributor to the overall growth of the segment. Now within ESG, we did have softer sales in the quarter relative to recent quarters. Realistically, there probably is some cyclical impact from the environment in the market backdrop. We saw some deals taking longer to close and we did see fewer large deals in the Q3 figures. We did see slightly higher declines in sales outside the U.S. in AMEA and APAC. Although the run rate growth continues to be quite high across all regions. I think as we touched down in the prepared remarks that you want to underscore that there are so many layers and dimensions to growth in the ESG and Climate which I know Alex you know. But we've got a wide range of solution serving Climate objectives, ESG objectives as well as a wide range of users and use cases. And so there was relative going to be that the growth rate will fluctuate up and down based on pace of new regulations, client segment dynamics, asset class shifts, various geographic factors as well as the market and economic environment. I do want to underscore that there have not been any impacts from U.S. political rhetoric down that's gotten a lot of attention recently. I think generally the focus on ESG and Climate remains front in center to investors globally.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. And I'd say like in everything we do, our capabilities across segments are symbiotic and synergistic with the other segments. And so within Analytics, we not only benefit from the ESG and Climate franchise that we built, they were also helping to fuel it. And so, within the segment, within Climate in particular, the main offering that we have is our Climate Lab Enterprise which we've released very recently. I believe it was late last year and that has grown that an attractive growth rate although off a very small base. But that is feeding off the broader portfolio and risk management solutions that we offer where when we have a client's portfolio we can now provide very granular climate insights to them about the portfolio, help them manage climate risk more systematically across the portfolio. We also have within the Analytics segment a broader range of reporting solutions. So, we can help clients with things like their TCFD risk sensitivities that they will do as well as help with various other reporting requirements. Analytics does have a very powerful reporting function and capability which we've provided the clients across broader risk insight for quite some time. We're leveraging that to generate climate risk reports as well as broader ESG risk reports and broader ESG reports. And so, those are probably the main areas I would highlight within Analytics. Listen, it's still to your point about term, we're still very early in that journey. Our penetrations relatively small. It's actually extremely small but if we extrapolate across the entire Analytics client base, it can be a massive opportunity. The other thing that's exciting is that really opens up some of the client segments and parts of clients that we haven’t served with the existing Analytics solution. So, it's helping us with insurance companies, it's helping us with banks and bank regulation. And so, there's some big wallets in big markets that we're very excited about on the climate from within Analytics.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I'll talk generally, not specific to any year or point-in-time. But I would say in an environment like this where cost and prices are going up, we are generally increasing prices more than we have in the recent past. Given that our tools are really mission critical to our clients, we do have some pricing power in many parts of the business. Although, as we've mentioned in the past we are very focused on the long-term relationships we have with our clients and recognize that most of our growth is going to come from our existing clients. So, we're heavily focused on adding value in connection with any price increases that we are rolling out. And so, our approach to price increase is more generally is factoring in the value that we're adding to existing services that we're delivering the clients. It does factor in our broader cost structure, the broader cost environment, the broader pricing environment as well as client health and client usage. So, we are being measured and been mindful of the health of our clients but I'd say generally across products, we are rolling out higher price increases than we have in recent years and as a result you're probably seeing some impact of that in the Q3 recurring sales relative to a year ago. And we expect probably similar benefits in the next couple of quarters.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. And I don’t want to be too prescriptive here because that really depends on the facts and circumstances. On the bonus point, I would underscore the large majority of the bonus accrual is formulaic. And so it depends on the performance of the business. And so to the extent the business performance increases, in particular of asset based fees run up significantly, that will just trickle through how we accrue our bonus and our bonuses are paid out which is tied to the key financial metrics of the business. And so, the bonus accrue would likely go up. Across broader levers, listen it depends on the exact situation but non comp areas in particular we can flex those pretty quickly up and down where things like professional fees and other non-comp areas can flex up a little bit in pretty short order. The comp lever does take a little bit more time to trickle through and start having impact, that depends on pace of hiring new hires et cetera. But I'd say the bonus and big portions of the non-comp levers that we have can flex in in pretty short order.
Andy Wiechmann: And so, the other area that I would highlight and Baer mentioned is Analytics. And so, I think there has been a component of the strength we saw in Analytic sales that's attributable to focus on our risk models and broader risk management tools in these environments which are critical to or helping our clients navigate in market uncertainty, a lot of that asset class, geographic, sector shifts and rotations that are taking place. And so, that would be another area that I would highlight here. I would also highlight that the extreme resilience of our Index subscription franchise as well and I think there is just such a plethora of use cases across many different users in client segments that continues to be strong pockets of demand and in use cases for those products, particularly in areas like over the counter derivatives that can be very useful to our clients in these types of environments.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I would say, generally, no major changes to our approach. We continue to be highly focused on both repurchases and opportunistic bolt-on MP&A in key strategic growth areas for us. To your point about the change in funding markets and cost of capital, I would say that we are watching the markets closely, being very mindful of what that means for valuation and trying to be quite opportunistic about where we take advantage on the repurchase front and acquisition front. I'd say given where our gross leverage is and where our funding costs are, we're probably not in a rush to raise additional debt. But we do think we've got a good amount of cash, and we'll continue to build cash to continue to be opportunistic here on both fronts. And we think there are opportunities to get either bolt-on MP&A or repurchases at attractive long-term values.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. So, the -- yes. And it's a good point. Just taking a step back, we have this nice natural P&L hedge related to FX. So on the revenue side, I believe it's around 11% or 12% of the revenue base is in non-USD currencies. It's about 45% of the cost base is in non-USD currencies. And just given the relative sizes of those bases, the revenue base and cost base as well as the mix of currencies within them, they tend to move in parallel. And so we saw in the current quarter, on the expense side, we had a $13 million -- close to a $13 million benefit from the appreciating U.S. dollar relative to a year ago that more than offset the $12 million headwind we had on the revenue side. And so it's a good example, and you've seen that in recent quarters where we do have this natural P&L hedge where any impact from currency fluctuations on the topline tends to be dampened or offset almost completely by movement on the expense line.
Andy Wiechmann: So, yes, I'd say we are encouraged -- really encouraged by the performance in our retention rate in Analytics. I think as I alluded to earlier, there's probably been some benefit from a heightened focus on risk and risk tools in this environment, but we're also seeing success in many of the areas where we've had the strategic focus. And so we've strength in front-office equity and fixed income risk models and broader portfolio management tools. We've been benefiting from our strong models, really best-in-class models and content enhancements that we've been making as well as the broader improved functionality and tech-enabled access that we've been investing in. And then we've had success on the enterprise risk side through the partnerships that we've developed just to deliver a broader value proposition to our clients. And as we talked about earlier, while it's still early days, we're seeing some real momentum in the Climate Lab Enterprise offering. And so we're encouraged, although I would say we are cautious, and we're definitely not ready to declare victory. Analytics will likely continue to experience some lumpiness in not only its growth, but I'd say cancellations within Analytics. So, we're cautious but very much encouraged. Analytics is not only a key strategic capability for us as a firm, but it's also a critical financial area for us. And this performance is encouraging. But also you can see in the margin on the profitability growth, it's been a great source of operating leverage that can help fuel investments in other parts of the company as well.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, but it's mainly driven by a few factors. We had a larger-than-projected benefit from lower tax payments in the second half of the year. We've also seen, as you know, a decrease in cash expenses. And then we've had some higher yields on cash, and we've also seen some resiliency in collections. All those factors have helped to offset some of the revenue headwinds that have pressured a bit on the collection side. And so that was the real essence behind the increase in the free cash flow guidance. I would say, like our profitability more generally, our downturn actions also help support our free cash flows and free cash flow growth, and free cash flow is a very important metric that we're very focused intensely on.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, there are several factors that have been driving the margin expansion in Analytics. And I think we've seen similar dynamics in particularly the last quarter. I would note that we have been capitalizing a higher level of expenses related to the development work that we've been doing around things like our Risk Insights and Climate Lab Enterprise and broader enhancements to our analytic capabilities. I would say that FX has a big impact just given the size of the Analytics cost base. The non-USD expense base that I alluded to in a prior question impacts Analytics heavily. So, the appreciating U.S. dollar has helped drive the Analytics expenses down. And then also our downturn actions have impacted the Analytics expense base. And so the confluence of all those factors has driven this really very modest expense growth in Analytics and a higher margin within the segment.
Andy Wiechmann: Most of our -- I'd say most of our agreements are not tied to users per se. They tend to be modules that are licensed. And it varies very much on product. They tend to be their modules licensed to office location for use of specific products. There can be max users that are allowed to use that license, but they're not tied to seats per se. We also do have some, as you're alluding to, more enterprise-type licensing arrangements. And so seat count is not something that impacts us necessarily directly. Although as I alluded to in my answer to an earlier question, when you start to have more client actions, including investment firms downsizing, closing funds, closing desks, consolidating, that will generally cause an increase in cancellations and a drop in the retention rate. And we've seen those sorts of impacts as downturns are maintained for several quarters in the past, so we are proceeding cautiously although we haven't seen it to this point.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. Maybe if you're asking about the run rate basis points, that were quite resilient. So, actually, the run rate basis points have remained constant at 2.52 bps. I'd say there were just very small mix impacts and fee impacts, which resulted in pretty strong resiliency in the fee, which we've seen in recent quarters. And so it's something that is encouraging to us, but I wouldn't flag anything too notable around it.
Andy Wiechmann: I see. Yes, yes. Well, listen, we've got a wide range of products out there that are licensed to our indexes under a wide range of agreements with various providers. There was -- to your point, there was some small negative mix impacts on the fee and some very small positive impacts from fee, and those fee impacts were driven by certain products dropping into lower AUM bands where we receive a higher fee. So, there was some embedded impact from that in the fee, but it wasn't significant. I wouldn't overplay that.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, I don’t think we've seen anything dramatically different to be honest. I think this is consistent with the messaging we've had for some time now. So, I think our level of execution is strong. As Andy mentioned, the retention rate shows the predictability of our products. So, I think we're really in a mindset of letting the numbers speak for themselves and continuing to execute with our strategy. And hopefully, we'll keep moving things in this direction. But there is, I don’t think there has been any really material changes in the outlook. It's more than we're doing a good job, we're enhancing our products, we're servicing our clients, and I think we're getting the results of that.
Henry Fernandez: Sure. Yes, absolutely. So look, we're definitely on plan with the integration and we're pleased with how that's going and we're definitely more convinced that the strategic logic of the acquisition than ever. As you say, the topline is growing attractively. Clearly, the environment for real-estate is going to be interesting in close across the world. And there will definitely be different types of challenges depending on the segments and the country, et cetera. But I think in that environment, it's dramatically in keeping with the comments we've made across the board. Our tools are very necessary for people to understand as whereas in performance and what's happening in the market. So, I think we're in a good situation, we're executing well and the only slight caution there is just the environment which could get a little bit jittery.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So, it's a fair question, Toni. And it's something that we are spending every day thinking about and proactively managing the business. I do want to underscore just to provide some context on the directional moves on the downturn playbook, some of the shifts that have happened since our last quarterly call. So, I think during our Q2 earnings call, we had mentioned that the guidance expense guidance was based on the premise of flat to slightly increasing markets. During Q3, we had the downward impact from market depreciation of over a $100 million on ETF AUM and so the market has come down below what we projected or at least what our guidance was based on during the Q2 call. And as a result, we've begun to take further actions in the downturn playbook. And it's really mostly in the same areas that we were focused on previously just to a larger degree. So, we're further slowing the pace of hires in a broader set of areas, in particular that run the business activities, areas like corporate function. We are continuing to as you mention prioritize hires in really our key growth areas and triple-crown investment areas like ESG and Index, custom Index capabilities, fixed income content and capabilities, key data and technology enhancements, particularly in areas like ESG and in Climate data as well as the broader technological infrastructure and on the cloud. And then we continue to preserve investments in key areas within our go-to markets or sales in client service organization. But we are clamping down harder in the run the business areas and even in selected areas in the broader franchise. You alluded to on the non-comp side, we are squeezing further on professional fees, areas like T&E and recruiting which actually comes down naturally with the pace of hiring. And our comp accrual is lower. We do have further levers to go to, hopefully we don’t have to but clearly based on the comments I just made, there are areas where we can't stop hiring more dramatically. We could cut into the investment portfolio and things like the comp accrual naturally adjust with the direction of the business. And so, there are additional levers out there if we need to go there but hopefully we don’t need to. Generally, we are being cautious, so on our outlook is cautious, which you can tell by our comments and our guidance here.
Henry Fernandez: Thanks for that question. As we have previously said, climate change is at complete existential threat to the planet. And we're be we're witnessing a huge increase in physical risk and hid ways and floods and fires and hurricanes and all of that. And therefore, this is going to be a clear and present danger for portfolios of all types around the world because, clearly, the portfolios are made up of equity and fixed income and property and infrastructure and all of that. That will be affected by both the physical risk and the transition risks associated with climate change. So, we're in the very, very early stages of the demand or tools for portfolio managers and portfolio allocators to decarbonize their portfolio and protect their assets from repricing of assets, higher cost of capital, and reallocation of capital. So, this -- we think that this $64 million or so across all of our areas will continue to increase pretty rapidly over the years to come. And we're positioning ourselves not only in terms of the underlying climate data, so just the carbon emission estimates for companies and bond issuers and private companies and real estate exposure and all of that, but also the models, the Value-at-Risk models, the implied temperature rise models to try to help people project into the future what the carbonization path of their -- of the assets and their portfolios are. We're very bullish on this Total Portfolio Footprinting process. Basically, what we do is we take the total portfolio of an asset manager or an asset owner and tell them what the current footprint of carbon emissions of the entire portfolio, Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 and what the trajectory of that footprint will be in the next three to five years or five to 10 years. So, this is -- it's going to be in extremely high demand. I think that the Ukraine war, the -- Putin's war in the Ukraine has highlighted even more so energy security and the dependence on the energy from other sources. And even though in a short-term basis have had enormous increases in fossil fuel prices, every country is thinking about their energy dependence, and the easiest way to achieve energy independence is by wind and solar that is in your own land, in your own country and the like. So, I think we're going to see tremendous -- so yes, there is an inflection point that is happening last year with COP26; this year, with COP27 despite the -- clearly, the balancing act between fossil fuels and renewable energy. 
Henry Fernandez: No, great question, Craig. The -- over a 10-year horizon or so, we believe that Climate tools per se, not just Climate in the context of ESG, but I'm talking about Climate tools separately from what's embedded in the ESG offering, will grow at a very large clip and could potentially exceed the run rate of ESG at that time. Obviously, I'm talking about long-term projections here that can vary year-to-year, and it's hard to say where they end up. But the reason we say that is to highlight the Climate tool opportunities, right, the Climate tools, so the Climate solutions by MSCI that's -- because we're paring it against a fairly rapid growth rate on ESG that will continue. And we're saying Climate per se could even exceed that incredible business that we have in ESG. The competitive advantages we have is that, remember, the mission of MSCI is to provide mission-critical tools for the investment and finance industry. So, a lot of our competitors are focused on developing climate data, for example. Some of our competitors are only focused on physical risks. Some other ones are focuses on transition risks. Some of them are only focused on the real estate industry. Some of them are focusing on corporate bonds. What you will find in MSCI is a holistic solution to your entire portfolio from one source, one source of data, one source of models, one source of the total portfolio, whether it's private equities and private credit, which we're doing an incredible amount of work on climate emissions and carbon emissions and things like that. So, I think the benefit -- and you can have that in an index, you could have that in a model, you can have that in individual securities. You can -- and then, as I said, you have across different asset classes and the like. So, I think this is completely in keeping to the way we do on managing MSCI. 
Henry Fernandez: Well, thank you for joining us today and your continued support. As you can see from the results this quarter and our prepared remarks and the answers to your questions, our all-weather franchise continued to perform well despite a very significantly difficult operating environment. We truly remain excited about the very large opportunities in front of us and we'll continue to invest significantly in those areas of significant strategic growth. Having said that, given the environment, we do remain cautious. And -- but it is in times like this in which MSCI shines. We intend to continue to do so. We look forward to a lot of your questions in the coming days or weeks or months, and please don't hesitate to reach out to our team with any thoughts or questions you have. Thank you very much. Have a great day. 
