Henry Fernandez: Yes, so the pipeline remains pretty solid going to 2017 and in January. So that we remain cautiously optimistic about the prospects of gross sales, and return sales this year. I think the environment I mean we have obviously very strong financial result despite the - our end client environment, we sell quite a lot to active managers you know around the world that's a lot of our subscription business is based on that clearly asset based fee business that based on passive managers. And that you know client base the active management client base is suffering from two areas, cyclical pressures, the value stop thinking is last when you have you know sort of asset prices being determine by monetary policy around the world. And you have secular issues such as you know passive management of grudging a lot in what they do. So throughout the year all the way through to December those trends have continues to the extent that the new environment that we're seeing of higher growth around the world the U.S. or Europe or Asia more emphasis on deficit spending or system policy rather than the monetary policy, higher inflation. So our end client base can benefit from that and the prospects will get better than what we are currently seeing. Too early to tell at this moment clearly there was a big run up of banks and asset managers, and insurance companies, and the like from November to December someone that some of it has been reversed in January. But again it's too early to tell, we tried not to count on that or focus on that, but we try to do is we extremely focused on understanding the client or what the client is facing positively or negatively and try to help them with that. So with respect to cancel, I think it's hard to say, clearly we have high sales, because of all the efforts we’re doing and the new product and the newer services, the new approach to go to market, the solutions that we're trying to come to our clients with it, all of that has benefited the gross sales. I think they will continue to be some level of evaluated cancels given the structural changes that are going on maybe they get a little lower because of less pressure on the cyclical changes but again is too early to tell. And therefore the conclusion from our part is the pipeline where executing well against that, we hope to continue our piece and pace of sales but again I don’t know it will do every quarter with the last quarter. We are assuming that the cancels will continue to be elevated at some level given the environment on as an environment turns.
Henry Fernandez: I think the first think that we are trying to do best that we could to provide you kind of an insight look of how we view our licensing strategy and done with the comments by Kathleen. The flagship, product line, the new index families they were launching that of course have less value at the moment than the flagship one that are been around for about 20, 30 years and then the domestic one U.S. domestic one that have a fairly different competitive dynamics than the prior tool right. So a lot of what we’re going in is like we know we just want to rest on the flagship product line and the wonderful things that we’ve done there, we want to continue to expand dramatically into all areas of the ETF marketplace regardless of the competitive dynamics good or bad as long as we - is a good return on our capital and on the effort. So that’s what we trying to simplify here in as good of a way as we could. I think that the BlackRock is an example of that on the partnership approach that we take in with our largest client and which we together trying to optimize the revenue for them and consequently the revenue to us, was in the same way, we do it with a lot of other clients on the active side and on the passive side, I suppose to just being a vendor and just being the lowest cause vendor to them. So we believe that there are segments of the market like flagship indexes that will have less cost pressure or less pressure, because there is unique IP there, and unique properties. But there are other segments of the market that we have more fee pressure. And I’m not afraid of going into them towards, it’s not a question of fees, the question already return on our capital, return on our efforts. And we have great returns and all built upon already low cost, marginal low very low marginal costs infrastructure, we are going to be in all those places.
Henry Fernandez: No, no. I think overall Bill, the approach has been how do we take a very aggressive and proactive management of the product line or no last picks of it, or last pick. So we started by saying what is the value of this products to our clients and how does that value compared to the price. They were charging and we - so and realize that some of these flow coming credible value. Clients are running their entire infrastructure in many cases on this and therefore dividing immense value and the price they were paying was lower. So we said okay, you know overtime, we got to try to equate value and price on that. So that you know the genesis of the price increases and things like that right. The price increases have not driving the cancellation by any meaningful or way at all.
Henry Fernandez: So that they know sounds one approach. The second approach is that we look at all of our activities, so Analytics is composed to a lot of different activities and a lot of different products, insight that we say what, how much capital, how much and expenses or capital will be flowing to one area versus another area versus another area and we started cutting back significantly the effort on the capital in some area in order to deployed into higher yielding opportunities and alike. So that yield is a significant kind of demand of savings and we’ve put a lot of that in the margins. But reportedly very specifically a meaningful part of the savings are being deployed on our on what I mentioned briefly our efforts on fixed income analytics, fixing income risk and fixed income analytics and we’ve been able to sell fund. That significant effort last year and in the coming years out of that and it’s still be on our way to achieve those targets. So if you were to think about it, it’s almost like management one-on-one right. Understand your value proposition and the price that you are charging and what clients are you doing it and understand your how you deploying your people internally and what activities and what cost and we’re very pleased with what we’ve done, but we believe we also believe in recognize that we have we still have a long way go to yield even better financial results. And as we said, couple of years ago, when we launched this whole program of restructuring and reengineering and transformation of analytics, we knew that the first half of the program was going to be margin expansion and the second half has to be revenue growth and that’s what we’re focused on, on the revenue growth.
Henry Fernandez: So I think the way to think about it is clearly the excess capital or excess cash and if the growth numbers look big and all of that but when you take the money that is outside of the U.S. which you can bring it unless there is some tax.
Henry Fernandez: Plus $200 million that is kind of locked away right. And then the money that in the U.S. 500 plus million and you got to have operating cash to run in the business so that roughly at the moment gives you 400 plus or so million in that and we haven't yet paid the cash and the dividend payment this quarter and tax interest payments and all of that. So we are - we're getting close to kind of steady state in which we're setting up the excess capital and excess cash. And as we do we will continue in the same path of what we've done in next two, three years, mostly organic growth and mostly sort of return of capital for dividend and buyback with then occasionally acquisition here and there. But the less excess cash on your balance, it makes you to be even more opportunistic and discriminating on the purchase of your shares. So we’ll continue to it, but in this far way.
Henry Fernandez: I think the more the bigger one for us were obvious one would be to the - what I said before to the extent that there is higher growth in the U.S. may potentially be higher growth we're seeing the higher growth in Europe in the last few days, few weeks. More emphasis on fiscal policy rather than monetary policy there are more inflation all of that will be very beneficial to our client base, asset managers, hedge managers, banks, wealth managers, et cetera, and that will have two effects, they will buy more products from us, they wanted to buy, but the budgets are being constrained and then maybe less you know less slashing and burning cost basis. You can see that our major weakness, not major weakness, but a relative weakness in our - when you look at our councils has been the bank on asset managers, especially in Europe it bank on wealth managers. Even the bank balance sheet themselves well in the last quarter but in general the banks have been clearly slashing and burning expenses. So to the extent they feel better about trading to expand the asset managers feel better about flows and feel better about stop thinking and all of that that can potentially have a very leverage of bull effect on us, because we are right there, we’re the partners, we're helping them in a lot of things so you may have a two side of benefit, higher sales and lower councils and that will be highly leverage for us. But it is too early to tell, because that may be cope with your political risk or trade risk and things so that. So we’re cautiously optimistic, but we have to wait and see how it all being travel.
Henry Fernandez: Well I mean we continue with the same policies that we have outlined so far, so very slow change from that.
Henry Fernandez: And by the way this is all in the - in our normal qualitative of cash collections, so there were no incentives for them to pay as earlier or anything like that or some people to discount or whatever it’s zero, I mean it was all in the normal course of collecting cash.
Henry Fernandez: Well, I think the value of our benchmarking product line to mutual funds all over the world dramatically increased in the last few years, the value because on an average of general basis mutual funds used to be sort of largely benchmark to indices but doing whatever they wanted, with the pressure intense pressure by passive investing which is obviously did benchmark replicated in the benchmark, the mutual funds have to spend a lot more time understanding the benchmark which is some respects the competition, because that's where passive is coming from. Really establishing a lot more discipline on whether they overweight, whether they underweight if they run a little more concentrated portfolio what the exact risks are you know all that and so on and so forth, so that add to the input of our clients subscribing more to our information in more locations, with more people, with more intensity, and all of that. Secondly we don't - we typically constantly put more and more data, more and more new things into the same modules to the same packages of data. So the client is constantly getting an upgrade product so if you say, if do not price increases the product is a lot big bigger to a lot more valuable for the prices remained the same. So if you're basically have increased the price you want to think about it that way. So that's what has added significant interest and potential to what we learn in the third element is obviously the subscription here is catch subscriptions to market indices, but also add subscription to factor indices, factor indices are not just being used for passive, we have clients subscribing to fact indices in the benchmarking product line and is dramatic indices and the ESG indices and all of that, so all of that is expanding our relationship with our clients and our value added to our client. Despite the headwind that pretty much every mutual fund in the world has clearly with a lot stronger in the U.S. getting stronger in Europe, best strong in Asia, Asia is much more mutual fund driven at this point, so different dynamic and different regions of the world.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, so first of all there's always been competition and new entrance I mean it running the company for 21 years there's always been so many creating another formally or globally indices, if you're going to look around there you could look at three, four, five branded indices providers or one category or another who have international indices, well all over in the world right. So that’s not new, I mean there’s always been those offerings throughout the last 20 years. I think is that, it's very hard, I mean - our value proposition is to be a standard of communication and a standard of comparisons, communication between the asset owner and the asset manager and a standard of comparison across investment products and across different entities. So that the throwing at standard like that is very hard, because then you lose that standard being issues here, if you say okay, English is the language of the world, and you say now okay, now we're going to speak here, only three of us, well the mark right because the standard is English, right. So that's pretty hard to this on. The third element already that we are high value added and obviously premium product line will that standard it continuously innovating, continuously renovating the indices and the benchmark and all of that continuously evolving, so I’ll mix it also harder to catch up with that process as well.
Kathleen Winters: So you’re look at the space, going to continue to grow and gather substantial net of assets overtime right. And we’re focused on how we capture that market share through new product innovation and our differentiated licensing strategy. Over the long term, we’re pretty confident that the volume price trade-off makes sense for us.
Kathleen Winters: Well, you know if you look at those two events are data points and look we had strong sales in the quarter, we’re very happy with that. Actually in the second half of the year sales were quite strong. And then we had the really healthy cash collections which is an interesting thing to see, you don’t often you see that where clients are actually paying ahead of the due date. So optimistically like to think that okay the environment looks pretty healthy, right clients have incremental cash are paying early but yet still we look at the overall environment, we look at some of our client segments that have been challenged over the last several quarters. So we're still a little bit cautious, but yes you're point too good data points there.
Kathleen Winters: Yeah, well, so first of all there are a lot of unknowns with regard to tax reforms in terms of what it looks like, when it takes place, when in effective. So we're waiting to see how that plays out, we’re watching that very closely. You know it depends on what form it takes right. Reduced corporate tax rate obviously would be beneficial, but then there are other considerations to an unknown like what happens with interest deductibility. So we're watching to see how that plays out, but generally the work we've done on the tax side really just aligned our tax structure with our operating structure, so where we employ our people, where we're generating our assets, where our clients are located. So all of that makes sense and we're waiting to see what any incremental changes might be with tax reform.
Kathleen Winters: If I have not come in Q4 that cash would have come in Q1 and that cash was across the pretty broad group of clients, so there’s no at one client or two clients, there was quite a number of clients that for sure.
Kathleen Winters: No it’s not incremental, is $5 million to $6 million in 2017, but it was a pretty small number, couple of million in 2016.
Kathleen Winters: Yeah there was a slight FX impact on the run rate. I don't have that number in my fingertips right now we can get that for you Andrew. But I think the key point here is that if you look at the sales numbers for really the second half of the year we've seen pretty healthy sales numbers in analytics in the Q4 30% and Q3 the recurring sales number was 26%. So even despite the cancels which are really isolated to those specific client segment that we referred to earlier. We’re pretty happy with overall performance.
Kathleen Winters: Yeah, so just to reiterate the long term target, right, index 68% to 72% margin target you know we're in that range that expect to continue to execute and stay within that range. Analytics are margin rate - our exit margin rate at the end of the year is almost that the long term target range of 30% to 35% so that’s a sustainable margin rate from our perspective and there is more improvement, more margin expansion to come to get strongly into that 30% to 35%. We do of course had a little bit of lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter sometimes, but when you thing about annual margin rate we’re pretty confident and continue to progression there and then or other segment we’ve made great progress with regard to restructuring in the real estate on product and we expect that progress to continue as well.
