Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, thanks for the question, Alex. The – look, I think we've got to start from obviously the bigger perspective and that is, the ETF industry is growing by leaps and bounds all over the world, but especially in the U.S. and Europe. And we're trying to make it grow fast in Asia, but it's been a bit more challenging. That ETF industry is going to gather large amounts of assets in market beta, if you want to think about them, and in factor beta and eventually in ESG betas and, hopefully, also in actively managed funds. Although, so far, that segment of the market is not that large. We believe that that continues to be a fairly large growth part of the investment process. And as I said, we'll gather quite a lot of assets. So that part of the volume, so to speak, will benefit us and many ETF managers significantly. Then inside that global ETF industry, there are a lot of different participants with a lot of different pricing strategies, market segments and product offerings and all of that. And there is increasing levels of competition particularly in the U.S., and especially for retail investors. So we are likely to see PTR erosion of this ETF product line particular in the more competitive areas of the market since we are in the U.S., particularly the retail competition and leading up to this fiduciary rule by the Department of Labor, it's going to drive some early adopters of lower fees and all of that in order to capture more assets, particularly assets away from mutual funds and actively managed mutual funds. So, clearly, all of that is happening and we, at MSCI, are partners with a lot of these ETF managers and we want to remain partners with them and help them achieve those strategies. And as we have talked about in the past, with particularly one entity, iShares, we've had differentiated pricing between the large- and mid-cap standard MSCI indices globally and the ETF on those, which are more targeted to institutional investors with higher liquidity, higher bid-ask spreads and all of that, and in more the core funds, which are the All Cap indices around the world and have lower management fees and have had lower – already have lower licensing fees from MSCI. So I think that our focus is on two or three things. One is the size of the industry and how we capture a lot more assets; i.e., the volume. And that would lead to a lot of revenue and large growth of revenues. Secondly, working with our partners to adjust and be flexible with our pricing strategies, which we have already done. We have already effective. There is zero new news on that in any of these announcements that have been going on. And then, three, innovate with a lot of new products so that those new products not only can be priced attractively for us but also capture a lot of market share. So I think, in a nutshell, the announcement and the sort of reports that have come out in the last few weeks have not really changed the strategy of MSCI and have not really changed the pricing strategy of MSCI.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, look, it's a – I think that's a good question as well. And let me try to abstract from it again. We, at MSCI, continue to produce very strong financial results. But we do so – and we do so with a lot of strong wins in our back in terms of passive investing and in terms of ESG investing and risk management and all the things – globalization, all the things that we always talked about. But we are really selling into an investment industry around the world in which significant segments of that industry are being challenged. Active managers are being challenged. Banks, hedge funds, funds of funds, wealth managers, subsidiaries of banks, not because the wealth managers are not doing well, it's because when the banks – when the senior management of banks decide to have cost measures, cost management measures, they do so across the board in order to have the wealth management subsidiaries which are doing well contribute larger amounts of profitability to compensate for the pressure that they see on the investment bank or the commercial bank. So that leads to some pressures in segments of our marketplace. There are other segments that are doing well for us, like, non-bank subsidiaries – non-bank on wealth managers, patient funds, sovereign wealth funds and all of that and we can talk a lot about that. Right? So the pressure continue. In this particular quarter, we saw a meaningful pressure on funds of funds or our HedgePlatform product line, we saw meaningful pressure from the wealth management subsidiaries of U.S. banks, we saw some pressure from the investment banks in Europe as well and alike. And therefore, the majority of these $10 million in cancels, were attributed to those cost pressures and resulted in partial cancels, resulted in shutdowns of hedge funds, shutdowns of funds of funds, as an example, the reduction of services from wealth managers and all of that. We believe that that trend will continue. Now it will be bumpy. There will be some quarters in which the retention will zoom up because the cancels were lower. In other quarters in which the retention is lower, like it did in this third quarter, the cancels will be elevated. There's nothing new there in the way we're looking at the product line and our strategy and all of that. We believe that the health of the business is also demonstrated by the strong recurring sales in Analytics and strong one-time sales, non-recurring sales in Analytics. But I think we will continue to have those pressures and every quarter when there is pressure maybe a different set of client segments, there be more in one area and more in another area, you may be compensated by lower retentions in other areas or much higher sales in other areas like pension funds or sovereign wealth funds, but it will continue like this. But net – net-net, we think that the product line continues in this progression of growth. We wanted to be more rapid in the top line, but we're sure of growth and profitability.
Henry A. Fernandez: Actually one other thought that I forgot, because there's been some speculation that the – some reports that some of these cancels came from are across the board price increases, in Analytics. There's very, very little effect of our price increase in these cancels. They had very little to do with our price increases. Our price increases are going relatively well, obviously, nobody likes to see price increases in our client base but they're going well. And we will continue to execute on them.
Henry A. Fernandez: We already have a formula with them on the core shares – the core iShares. That has a formula that is relative to the management fee – percentage of the management fee and it has a floor, it has a ceiling. And a lot of that was already in the lower end of that range. So, the management fee gets cut or the fee are gets cut, we're already at those low levels. And there hasn't been any change on the pricing of the product at all with them. Now, over time, for sure, right, as we tried to capture assets, they tried to capture assets and what I mean more aggressive we may have other discussions about how to create pricing strategies that get us much more volume and even if it's lower fees. But none of those discussions are taking place right now.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So all of these projections that we show have in them both the investments, the organic investments that we referred to, so I don't want anybody thinking that these incremental investments that I referred to will be added to this and, therefore, lower our targets of EBITDA margin in the future. And secondly, they also do reflect the contributions to revenues from all these initiatives, the fixed income analytics initiative, the services offering Analytics and the new platform – the new sort of a technology platform Analytics product line. So, all of that is there. Now, they are back-ended because as you developed a fixed income capabilities for both, not only for fixed income analytics – for fixed income portfolio management but also fixed income analytics in the context of the multi-asset class analytics offering, right. So the investments we're making there give you incremental revenue that are part of that progression of revenue growth, constant currency revenue growth to the high-single-digit, and the same thing with the offering, the service offering on the new platform. But they are back ended. So I don't anticipate or I would anticipate us getting closer to the 30% to 35% EBITDA margin first before we get closer to the high-single-digit revenue growth, because revenue, it gets back-ended in terms of the investment and the progression of getting clients and all of that. I mean, as you know, it just takes time to accumulate those run rates. So within fixed income analytics, per se, yeah, this is a strategic area for us for many, many years as we talked about for many years we also wanted to solve this inorganically through some acquisition and we're praying and hoping that that will happen, and properties have come to the market, but we haven't liked the prices. We've been very – very disciplined buyers and have passed therefore. And now the time has come in which we got to do it organically because we've been waiting too long. And we really need to start filling out this whole area and that's what we're doing gradually now.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, on the cancel side, Toni, the epicenter, so to speak, of the cancels this past quarter were in multi-asset class RiskManager product – the product line there to hedge funds, some smaller hedge funds that shut down, for example. Also to wealth in the U.S., let's say, to wealth management subsidiaries of banks in the U.S. which also offer that multi-asset class RiskManager product line. So that was one area. Another area is HedgePlatform or funds of funds, a much smaller negative impact with that. We have had relatively little cancels on BarraOne which is more of the factor-based multi-asset class risk management product line. A lot of that is to asset managers and pensions funds, so very little cancels there, if anything good sales there. Very strong sales in equity analytics models and applications, particularly to equity long/short hedge funds that are being asked by various institutional clients to report the performance and risk of their portfolios on a factor basis. That is definitely an increasing trend and we hope to capture that. Those have been the areas where some of these issues have been focused on.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Well, first of all, the success has been in just launching the product and putting cost in the company. We are hoping to have success in generating revenues, but not yet, right, because we just started this effort. Our main focus on – clearly, there are two focus. Right. The fixed income analytics as it relates to the multi-asset class offering. And then there is the fixed income analytics for the fixed income portfolio managers alone. Right? So in that area, our main focus is to go to those clients that we already have a large relationship with in multi-asset class analytics and in equity analytics for their equity portfolio management team and round-up the efforts in fixed income and the fixed income portfolio management side, that's been one big effort. And the second big effort has been targeted in the high-end of that as opposed to the low-end, the small and medium-size clients, but the bigger clients that we've had very extensive relationship with and that is – there is a lot of changes that are going on in fixed income analytics because the providers of fixed income analytics have been changing hands and all of that. So this has been driven by both. A lot of our clients have come to us and say, how can you help us manage these transitions? And obviously we've been eager to help them as well.
Henry A. Fernandez: With respect to indices and our clients, well, let me go back – with respect to our clients, particularly our active management clients are for sure, there is a lot of emphasis on cost – not dramatically different than it has been in the last two years, three years. There's a lot of emphasis on cost. Now, with respect to the Index product line, with those clients, we've been successful at selling them more things, particularly, factor indices, for example, or emerging market indices, because the emerging markets asset class has began to come back or custom indices, ESG indices and the like. And therefore, our share of their wallet has increased. Because at a time in which they need us the most. So, obviously that is coming at the expense of reductions in budgets of those clients from other providers.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So the expense of this is typically mission-critical for sure. So some of these cancels have been hedge funds, medium and small hedge funds shutting down, because these are largely multi-strategy hedge funds by the way, not equity long/short hedge funds. These are largely multi-strategy hedge funds that have done that, or that they have partial reduction of service because their assets under management have declined significantly. And therefore, they're less processing or they've got out modules or whatever. Right? So that's being one area. Clearly, another area is funds of funds. We know that this is an area that has been challenged, the funds of funds industry in hedge funds. And we've had some cancels there. We have wanted to make up those cancels by higher sales of our HedgePlatform product line to endowment, foundations and pension funds meaning all other forms of asset owners. But that has – we haven't spent as much time in increasing those sales. We will, in the future, but we haven't, to make up for those funds of funds decline and the like. So that has been the nature of the cancels.
Henry A. Fernandez: No, no, I think that rate – that range to stay like it is. There will be times in which we would be at the lower end of the range like we have been in prior quarters this year on the basis of lower ETF fees or at the same time couple with investment. There'll be times in which we would be a little bit over on the upper side of the range. But given – clearly, it's a built-in margin expansion in the Index product line, but if we really would like to see this Index product line expand for years and years and years to come, we need to continue to invest in a lot of new areas there and that's what we're doing and that's what we are capping, so to speak, the margin range to those levels. And the investments, clearly factors, it's a huge part. We need to do that and everything that goes with factor, distribution, client service, the production environment for factor indices and all of that, right, ESG indices, another part, et cetera.
Kathleen A. Winters: And, Alex, maybe I can just add to that a little bit. We did talk about; in Q2 we saw these conditions as well. And Q3 here is really a continuation of that, and as Henry said, probably will continue in the near-term. Right? And if you look at historically, Q4 is usually a higher quarter for us in terms of cancels. So, we'll see how that goes in Q4, but let's just put it in the overall context for Analytics. For the quarter, organically Analytics revenue up 4% and in fact new sales, recurring sales of 26%, and then if you include even one-time sales, up 31% for the quarter. In addition, continuing to make progress in Analytics on margin expansion. So, we continue to execute there. Certainly concerned about the cancels being high, don't like to see that, but we're working hard to minimize that.
Kathleen A. Winters: So as we think about our planning, Andrew, and as we've talked about, we think about our model being strong top-line growth coupled with really controlling our expenses. Right? And we talk about high-single-digit revenue growth rate but capping expenses at a 5%-ish growth rate. Now we are in the midst of our planning process right now, so I really can't say specifically what 2017 is going to look at, but when you just think about conceptually the nature of our expenses and our expense base and our expense base being primarily compensation-related because we're a people business, right, and you think about the inflation associated with that year-over-year. Add onto that, right, the investments that we want to continue to make in our fast-growing spaces, particularly in Index and ESG, in fixed income analytics, that's kind of how we think about our expenses. We want to be able to fund the fast-growing parts of our business, but at the same time, we want to be able to find productivity to fund that really for all of the projects that we see across the board that have high returns.
Kathleen A. Winters: So, on the Analytics side, going back, I guess, a year or so, we really started to more systematically look at our pricing. And we continue to do that now in Analytics, really had not had an impact with regard to the cancellations. And we're going to continue to, kind of, focus on that as one of our key areas usually around 15%-ish of our revenues.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah, I mean, that can be kind of lumpy. I wouldn't assume that that's an ongoing run rate. That can, kind of, bounce around a little bit.
Kathleen A. Winters: No. I mean, we're – as you said, really strong rigorous keeping an eye on expenses, on head count, particularly driving for more efficiency in Real Estate and Analytics. And you can see that in the margin rate. I mean we've had pretty steady margin expansion. We're going to continue to keep an eye on that.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, as Henry said, we really are making it a priority to make sure we are funding our growth initiatives and innovation. Right? So – but we're very happy to be in that target range of 68% to 72%. And it's clearly a priority for us. Look, we've got lots of great projects that we want to fund high return projects and we want to continue to be able to do that, and it makes sense to do that for the long-term growth of the business.
