Andy Wiechmann: Yes, hi Alex, it's Andy. So we - as you know and you alluded to, we typically do have slightly lower retention rates in the fourth quarter, given that it's our largest period of renewals. I would say, outside of analytics, and you can see this, the retention rates were reasonably strong. And if you look at full year retention rates even for analytics, but across all product segments, the retention rates were actually quite healthy. I'd say it continues to highlight that our products really do benefit from the fact that they are mission critical in areas of long-term secular growth, which does create some resiliency. And I think you see that heavily in the retention rates for the full year. However, I would say we do remain cautious. As I've alluded to in the past, when we see a few quarters of sustained market pullback. We tend to see a pickup in client events, things like fund closures, desk closures, restructurings, other, mergers. So despite the overall strong retention rates for the year, we are proceeding with a degree of caution and are pretty sober that we might see some clients pulling back a little bit in certain areas. So we are cautious moving forward here.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, so similar to recent quarters, there have been several factors that have been contributing to the high analytics margin. I would point out that we have been capitalizing a higher level of expenses related to the development work that we've been doing around things like our Climate Lab Enterprise, Risk Insights, broader enhancements that we're making to the capabilities in analytics. I would also highlight that many of the downturn actions that we've been taking end up hitting analytics. And that's not just directly within the segment. But when we take actions in corporate functions, a meaningful portion of those expenses are allocated to analytics. And then I would highlight that the analytics has benefited from the strong U.S. dollar as well. Given the size of the expense base, a lot of the FX benefits that we've been getting have hit analytics. And so there are a bunch of those more, I'll call it, technical or tactical factors that have impacted the analytics margin and caused it to run up a bit here. But to your question around investments, listen we continue to be very targeted with our investments in analytics. So we are investing there. It is not one of our top investment areas. I think you're familiar with those areas where we are heavily focused on. But within analytics, we are focused on investing on those - in those capabilities that support the broader MSCI franchise as well as continuing to focus on investments in areas like the front office, so front on office content, including our factor models, how we go to the office on the equity and fixed income front office capabilities as well as some of the broader interfaces and applications, that not only benefit the analytics users, but also the broader MSCI franchise.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure, sure. Yes. Thanks, Manav. So Baer noted this in his prepared remarks, but the cancels weren't so much reflective of a higher frequency of cancels across the board in the segment but rather a concentration of a few large ones. On those few large ones, there were some competitive dynamics and some client event-related dynamics at play. And as we've mentioned in the past, we do expect some continued lumpiness in both sales and cancels within analytics and potentially some impact from the environment. So more broadly, we are really encouraged by the momentum and improving competitive position. We continue to see in the strategic focus areas that we're focused on in analytics like equity and fixed income portfolio management tools or climate tools or enhancements to content and capabilities. And we are committed to the long-term growth targets that we've got for the segment of high single digits, which, actually, we're quite close to in the fourth quarter, the subscription run rate growth on an organic basis, close to 7%. And the revenue was 9.5%, excluding FX. So it was a quarter that demonstrated some of the lumpiness. But overall, we continue to be encouraged by the momentum we see in the segment.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Sure. So a lot in there. I'll try to unpack it in a logical fashion here. So firstly, on the market assumptions that underlie all of our guidance. So we are assuming that market levels declined slightly from their current levels through the first half of the year and then rebound in the second half of the year. And so that assumption is underlying every piece of our guidance. You alluded to free cash flow. I do want to make a comment around our free cash flow guidance more generally, just to underscore that we are being cautious on it. if you look at the full year of 2022 relative to 2021 and even the fourth quarter of 2022 relative to the fourth quarter of '21, we saw a pretty healthy growth in free cash flow. Although if you remember, after the third quarter, we actually increased our free cash flow guidance. We made that change feeling confident about the strong momentum we had seen in collections. To be frank, we probably got a bit of ahead of ourselves on that one, and we actually saw a bit of a slowdown in collection cycles in the fourth quarter. And so we are making that same assumption of caution around collection cycles for 2023. And as a result, we have a degree of caution on our cash flow guidance for this year. On the expense guidance piece, I don't want to get too specific here, but I want to underscore that - and you saw this in the fourth quarter, actually the last six months or so, we have been taking very tough actions in our expenses and identifying efficiencies to be able to continue to invest. So we are being very measured on our pace of expense growth. We're continuing to find efficiencies. You saw we took some significant actions on the severance front in the fourth quarter. And so that has a meaningful impact on the expense base, although we are continuing to invest in key areas. And so despite those efficiencies and continued actions on the head count front, we are planning to grow our investment spend in 2023 by 13%, and that's more than double the overall expense growth. And so we are, in our guidance, assuming that we continue to be quite disciplined in a number of areas, especially for the first half of the year. But we are continuing to grow head count and invest in those key investment areas, those key growth areas for us as a firm.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I mean it's very much a general comment that I made. You can see in the retention rates that, with the exception of the lumpiness we saw in Analytics in the fourth quarter, actually, our retention rates have remained quite resilient. I think you've heard us make comments in - particularly last quarter, that we saw some slowdown in sales cycle and in ESG. I'd say that the point that I would underscore is it's going to be dynamic across the board. So I don't think it will be necessarily concentrated in one product area or region or client segment, but these are things that just as the environment remains choppy and volatile and large financial organizations start to implement cost controls, it can cause slowdowns across the Board. And so we're just baking in our color and our commentary here, a degree of caution, although I do want to underscore that our pipeline is - it remains quite healthy and the overall size of the pipeline is quite large, and we are having an active dialogue and engagement and healthy discussion with our clients. It's just we've seen in past cycles that we should be prudent and cautious in our outlook.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I would say, and I alluded to this in a prior question, it's important to really underscore that the tough actions we've been taking are really to enable investment. And so as I alluded to, we plan to continue to invest at a pretty healthy rate in those key investment areas, and we're going to continue to have an intense focus on efficiencies throughout the year. Beyond the proactive actions that we took in - on the severance front, and I alluded to this in the past, we've continued to slow down and even stop hiring in certain less critical areas. We've been very selective about the areas where we are adding people we've imposed certain expense controls in areas like T&E and other professional fees. But it is important to underscore, we have numerous levers at our disposal, and we haven't fully flexed the downturn playbook nor does our guidance reflect that we're flexing fully our downturn playbook. We can stop hiring in certain areas, implement hiring freeze is closing backfills. We have degrees of freedom on the non-comp side. As you know, our incentive compensation will move with the performance of the business. So it is a constant calibration and something that we're going to continue to proactively manage. But we are being cautious in implementing cost controls, but we do have many more levers if we need to flex down further, including slowing down investment, which hopefully we don't have to do, but that clearly can help us manage expenses. Very
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. And I think you could see this in the past, and this is the case across most product areas. But as you alluded to, the fourth quarter does tend to be a strong quarter for us. I would underscore that ESG and Climate had a very strong year overall. And when you drill into it, and we've alluded to this, climate within there continues to grow at an incredible growth rate and is making a more meaningful contribution to the overall segment. And so that is something that is helping to fuel some momentum. Just to put a finer point on that, $45 million of the $79 million of climate run rate is actually within the ESG and Climate segment, and that is growing at close to 80%. So that's helping to drive some of the momentum we've seen. As Henry alluded to earlier, there are many layers and dimensions of growth in ESG and climate across a wide range of solutions serving various objectives and a wide range of use cases. And we're seeing that the thinking around how to integrate ESG continues to evolve. The regulations continue to evolve. And as a result, investors in spots are being more measured in their buying decisions. And so I think there is some element of that. There's some element of the market backdrop that are helping to contribute to the fact that the pace of sales in ESG and climate is likely to fluctuate up and down based on all those dimensions that I alluded to. Overall, we continue to see very healthy growth and strong demand. But for those reasons, we think the growth rate will be a little bit dynamic and the sales could be a little bit dynamic quarter-to-quarter. I would highlight that, because you asked about it, some of those sales that we did see slip from the third quarter that we alluded to on the last call, we were successfully able to close a lot of those, and we had particular strength within EMEA. I think that just speaks to some of those dynamics that will fluctuate up and down over time. But overall, we continue to be very, very encouraged about the overall demand for the products. It's just a very dynamic engagement and discussion with our clients.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So the interest expense guidance does not assume any incremental financings for the year. One thing that is driving the interest expense slightly higher is our floating rate term loan A. So we have a $350 million term loan A, which is floating rate. And so we do have some expectation of rate increases and higher rates for the year, which factors into that interest expense guidance. So that's what's embedded in our guidance. But I'd say, more broadly, no change to our approach to capital allocation. We are mindful of the overall financing market and rate market. And so we will, over time, as our leverage starts to come down, look for opportunities to raise capital. But given where rates are right now, we're not in a rush to do that. And we think we're in a strong capital position to continue to be very opportunistic on the MP&A front as well as on the repurchase front if there continues to be volatility in the market.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I would say you've actually seen remarkable strength on the index subscription business that we have with the index subscription revenue line. It's been quite encouraging given the backdrop, to your point, where we've been having very constructive discussions within our more established client segments like asset owners and asset managers. And I mentioned we saw subscription run rate growth within that segment of 10%, which is quite healthy. And we've also seen - continue to see strong dialogue and engagement with hedge funds, wealth managers, broker-dealers, where we saw that elevated growth that I alluded to. Similarly, from a product lens standpoint, we are having strong momentum within our market cap modules. So our market cap modules actually had strong growth of about 11% in subscription run rate. And we saw outsized growth within some of our non-market cap modules relative to that. And so across the board, we've seen a healthy dialogue and momentum. And it's not only with these newer high-growth segments but doing more for existing clients. And so at this point, we haven't seen a lot of impact from the environment, although we are conscious that the index segment tends to have a shorter sales cycle. And so there could be some impact. But right now, it's overall a very, very healthy dialogue.
Andy Wiechmann: And Russell, there's no shifting of run rate from ESG and climate to the analytics segment. There are some climate and ESG focus tools that are analytics tools that are showing up in the segment like our Climate Lab Enterprise and some of our ESG reporting capabilities, but those are not shifting. Those have always been there.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, I would say it was impacted by flows out of lower fee products. So there was that mix impact. We saw a very small impact from a positive fee adjustment as well. Despite the steadiness that you've seen over the last year, I do want to underscore that we do expect the average basis points to continue to decline gradually over time. As we've seen over the last, call it, eight to 10 years or so, although we do expect the assets to increase at a faster growth rate and continue to be bullish about the growth in the ETF front. But we do expect fees to gradually come down over time.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure yes. I don't want to comment on what our competitors are doing. But I would say that, yes, we are generally increasing prices more than we have in the past. The 35% contribution from pricing to new subscription sales across the subscription base and the 40% plus that we are seeing in Index, the contribution within Index from price increases, those are about five-plus percentage points higher than what we've seen in the recent past. And so yes, price is contributing more than it has in the past. I would just underscore that we are - in our price increases, we are heavily focused on delivering value together with the price increases. And so we're continuing to enhance the content that we deliver to our clients, the capabilities, the functionality and the overall client service that they are getting. We do recognize that our growth is heavily going to come from our existing clients and we want to do it in a constructive fashion. But given the overall pricing environment and cost environment, we are increasing prices more than we have in the past.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, I mean its similar message to what we've seen in the past, which is things are progressing well in the segment. I would highlight that our - some of our portfolio services are getting a lot of traction and a lot of interest. Investors, in particular, are focused on understanding what is driving the performance and the risk in their portfolios. And so, we're seeing strong engagement there. On the data side, including the RCA data, we do see some pressure from the backdrop, to your point. There are aspects of the RCA business and the data that we have that are used as part of transactions in the real estate space, and we have seen a slowdown in transaction volumes across the space. But you can see the overall growth rate on an organic basis at 12% is still pretty good, and we think there are some environmental impacts going on given the backdrop in the real estate space, but we continue to be quite encouraged about the long-term opportunity there.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, yes. So listen, you know - and you see this on the repurchase front, we are an organization that likes to be contrarian and opportunistic. And so in these environments, there are potentially opportunities to acquire companies that otherwise wouldn't be available. And so, we are seeing some early-stage companies that need growth capital. They're finding that the growth capital is more expensive or tougher to find than it was in the past. And so as a result, they are open to partnerships, investments, even acquisitions in certain instances. And so, we're being very proactive in looking for those opportunities and think they can be instrumental in helping to accelerate those strategic opportunities in our key focus areas that we've talked about in areas like private assets, climate, ESG, fixed income, broader technology and data capabilities. So yes, it's an intense focus for us right now.
Henry Fernandez: So, Alex, Henry not at all I mean, obviously, on a tactical short-term basis in 2023, we've done well in 2022. We have a strong pipeline going into 2023, but - there is the prospect of a global recession - global softness. There is war going on in Europe, right. There is disruption in many markets, including the energy markets. We have to see if there is a real reopening of China or a return to lockdown. So, we remain cautious in the very short-term. Beyond that, we remain extremely positive. The number of opportunities that we see at MSCI is increasing exponentially pretty much every day, whether it's custom indices, which we have high demand for whether it is direct indexing, whether it's climate risk in the context of analytics. Clearly ESG, climate as a whole, the work that we're beginning to do in private asset classes, enormous so, that should bode well for a continuation of our growth trajectory for the company in the years to come.
Henry Fernandez: I would like to add, Toni, if you don't mind, the - clearly, there are parts of analytics that we're putting heavy investments on like Climate Lab Enterprise, fixed income, portfolio analytics, equity portfolio analytics and some of the content. But also for the benefit of everyone in this call, we also run a very, disciplined, very rigorous Triple-Crown investment process in the company, in which each one of the product areas. Each one of the client segment areas and some of the support areas, when they come to - in front of this investment process, they have to demonstrate elements of the Triple-Crown. One is high return, high IRR shorter-term paybacks and in areas of high multiple valuations for the company. So in the case of Analytics, they've been able to rationalize investment in some of the areas that I mentioned, but not in other areas. So they haven't gotten capital from us because of that. Other areas like climate and ESG and custom indices and the like have gotten the capital.
Henry Fernandez: Thank you, Manav. So the - first of all, I mean, one of the major impetus and investment in our firm is in our data and technology platforms. MSCI, in the past - in the recent past was a very large data processing company. We took third-party data and run it through risk models, factor models, indices and the like, mix methodologies and the like, where MSCI has become, starting with the ESG business, now with climate and private assets and so on and so forth is a large data building in our company in addition to data processing company. So we are now the original source of a lot of data in addition to sourcing data from third parties. And all of that needs to be distributed to our clients in a very effective way. So we have basically three partnerships that we're trying to work and expand and specialize on. The first one clearly has been the Microsoft partnership in Azure, in which they're helping us with the data processing part, processing large amounts of data, especially in our risk systems and all of that, index systems, et cetera. And the partnership there also will help helping us on their software and how do we use their software to build products like in power behind. Obviously, we announced the MSCI One is a partnership with them. So that is Microsoft, and that continues to deepen and strengthen. The second one that we announced is Google and the Google Cloud. That partnership is about Google helping on build data, collect data, organize data, index data in this data building transformation that we're going through and then run all of that data through their cloud as well. So that is definitely - there's always a component of cloud computing, but the push here is data building. As you know, Google is one of the largest data building and data processing companies in the world. Everyone focuses on the search engine, but there's a search engine won't be as good at all without the - data. And the third partnership is South Lake which is in the distribution of our content, our beta in a very effective way with our clients. So we're trying to strengthen and deepen that in our relationship with now.
Henry Fernandez: So look, I can't, at this point, give you any numeric analysis of the revenue or profit or any of that. Too early to tell. What is very key is that in us becoming a very large data building company, we need to use the most advanced methods and protocols and technologies and all of that and this partnership with Google will give us that. And for example, one specific area that we're focused on right now is asset locations. So in order for us to be the best, undisputed leader in climate, we need to have understanding of every manufacturing facility every mine, every office of every single company in the world, whether it's private or public company. So being able to work with Google in gathering that information through Google maps and Google's geospatial services and the like will put us at a significant advantage there. That would be clearly one example of that. Another example clearly is the - in the work that we're doing in the private assets, there is a lot of data that we're collecting from GPs and LPs and all of that, and we need to figure out how we index the data, organize it and the like. So the way to think about us, if you want to compare us to - obviously, to the work that Google does is that everyone focuses on the search engine of Google, right? And that's at the top. But on the - search engine is clearly data. So think about our investment tools, whether it's indices methodologies and ratings and risk models and the stress testing models and all that, the equivalent of search engines, like the equivalent of algorithms. And then underneath that, they have to be a base of data that is large, whether it's third-party data or our own data that is large, and that's what we're trying to build with that.
Henry Fernandez: Look, in some, the analytics product line, we have been revamping their strategy. And the hub on the core is continued work on enterprise risk and performance. And we make some good progress there, but the growth rates are not dramatically different than they were before. The growth areas are in three elements that we're pivoting towards. One is the front office so equity portfolio analytics and fixed income portfolio analytics along the lines of what Baer was mentioning. Those are high growth areas for us. Second is climate risk with Climate Lab Enterprise. And the third area, which we just launched a whole bunch of products, is more content. We launched a protocol insights and the like. And so, we're hoping that the 60% of the run rate, which is central risk, continues to grow at a reasonable pace, but the acceleration of the growth will come from those three pivots that I mentioned.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, so there are three legs of any large and successful Index business, the active management; the fees that we charge to active managers, what we call the subscription business; the fees that we charge to passive managers, both in any proper ETF or institutional passive or owning some mutual funds. And the third leg is the licensing of indices into all sorts of derivative products. Some of them are lifted like futures and options, and some of them are unlisted such as swaps and options and structured products that investment banks make. We are very, very intent and focused on building that third leg. What you see and that we comment on is the listed futures and options, and there's still a lot of runway for us to continue to grow in new products. We have a lot of listed futures. We're now focused on our listed options franchise and are pushing new initiatives in that front, more to come on that. And while you don't hear us often, although there were comments earlier today on this, is the structured products and the other forms of OTC derivatives. And that is - those are growing very nicely, and there's still the ground floor where we can achieve it.
Henry Fernandez: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining. As you can hear in our commentary, we continue to see strong demand for our solutions. We continue to invest significantly in large growth opportunities that are ahead of us and preserve and enhance profitability growth in the company. We're very excited about this momentum, especially in such areas like climate, where we are determined to become the undisputed leader. Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to a continued dialogue with all of you.
Baer Pettit: Sure, Toni Baer here. So look, I think the way to think about it is through a few different layers. One is we clearly have a diverse range of calculation engines, which create kind of state-of-the-art analytics of various kind and outputs, which are distributed throughout the firm and different asset classes, et cetera. Then we have some traditional platforms and other distribution methods through files, et cetera, that we've had. And then, we have sort of newer content that we're building. So the way to - the best thing - way to think about MSCI on is a combination of those traditional outputs of our - if you like, our calculation factory and sort of industry standard software that allows those to be presented in a more user-friendly way and brought together in a similar type of platform, which in turn improves both the user experience and users' ability to manipulate that data to do - to have greater flexibility in how they present it, et cetera. So for sure, we think we're on a very important path forward here. It's incremental. As we move forward during the course of 2023, we think that the client impact of that will increase. And we hope - definitely hope and intend to continue to give you positive news and update around all of that. So I think there is maybe a - how should I put it, a risk that we're understanding this somewhat. And that's what I try to wanted to make some comments about it today. At the same time, we want to make sure that we are the delivery department and not the promise department in this area. So as the year progresses, we'll make sure that as we bring out new functionality, new capabilities, new ways of integrating and our clients start using those more, we'll keep you abreast of that. But we're certainly very positive about it. And we think that, over time, this will really be a way that our clients start to think of MSCI in a different way as regards the flexibility and the ease of use of - in their day-to-day working with our content.
Baer Pettit: I think you've covered it well, Henry. I think the only other element is clearly the - you mentioned the regulatory element on our clients, which has been notably a complex one for funds in Europe and the EU. So that is something that we're very focused on, on working with our clients on. Equally, there will doubtless be an increase of regulation on the providers of data information ratings of ESG clearly which would include us. And I think in that instance, we don't view that as something which is a particular risk to the business. We believe that we run a very high-quality business that we've been structured with a view that, as an index, some form of further regulation could come to us. And as a reminder, our legal entity in the U.S. that issued ESG ratings is already a registered investment adviser, and we're confident about the way that, that is run and I'm actually getting contact with regulators related to that. So I think overall, it's clearly an environment which is very noisy and complex from a number of grounds, but that doesn't, in any way, compromise the scale of the opportunity which remains very real. And in many regards, precisely this regulatory complexity is something which we believe we can benefit from as a provider of high-quality data and adjacent research.
Baer Pettit: Absolutely. So we're clearly benefiting from our leadership role, both in ESG and climate and our market share in such indexing and related ETF products is very high, and it's been consistently so. There are some questions related to flows in the short run, but we're - if you look at - I'm very confident that if you look back on this in a number of years' time, that this will be a moment that passes. And the fact of the matter is that, with all categories of investors globally, this is an enormous transition they have to go through. They will clearly do so through active management. But equally, they will need to do so by allocating capital on a timely basis through rule through indexes, through rules-based portfolios that indexes serve as a benchmark and underlying for - so we only see this category as growing. And you mentioned certain specific methodologies, those will continue to grow as will many customized versions of things which serve specific investors' specific need. So we certainly view it as an important and growing category.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So look, this has clearly been a multiyear effort where we have continuously improved everything that we're doing, where we've had some important wins on fixed income in the last few quarters. And clearly, we can't go into individual client names here because it's not what we do. But we're, I think, at a really important inflection point where we have some pretty significant deals in the pipeline, and those deals are ones which we hope if we can get a few of them done they should have really positive knock-on effects for our credibility in this asset class and then hopefully become kind of a virtuous circle. So I would say that, across the teams, people have never felt more positive than today about what we're doing in fixed income. As you know, this has not been a fast thing. This has been more of an oil tanker than a speed boat. But I really hope, and I think I've got good grounds for believing so, that during the course of this coming year, we should be able to really show that we're making a lot of progress in fixed income and starting to win some pretty serious investors over to our fixed income analytics. So in short, I don't think it's one thing. I think it's a compound over various sub asset classes in fixed income, different types of analytics. So it's what we're doing across the board. And I really do think we're in a great place to have a strong year for 2023 in fixed income.
