Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. And so as we’ve mentioned before, Alex, budgets were set for this year last year when it was a tough environment. And so we are seeing the impacts of tighter budgets on sales cycles, buying decisions and the overall selling environment on top of what is typically a seasonally soft quarter for us in Q1. As we’ve alluded to, we are seeing strong engagement among asset managers, and we are focused on helping them where we can, which means selling more to them. And so we continue to view them as a key opportunity for us in a key area where we see attractive growth as they reposition their business models for the future, and you can see that in the elevated growth in areas like our custom and special packages, and so we continue to have the steady growth of 8% with asset managers. And when you look at across the module types, we’ve got the outsized growth in some of these key areas that asset managers are moving towards. So we would expect, as you alluded to, sustained momentum in equity markets to be a positive factor and be something that continues to be constructive to buying behavior. But this has been a slow moving cycle, and I think it will take some time to work through. But I would also highlight that we see large and growing demand across other segments. And we see that with new solutions and existing solutions, and we hope that will continue to build as well.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So on the first point about visibility, listen, we do have some visibility into the overall level of activity. And so as we’ve alluded to in the past, we’ve been seeing some elevated levels of pressure from our clients. And we’ve been expecting an elevated contribution from client events. But the exact timing of when they occur, we don’t always know. And so we did not expect this type of concentration in the first quarter here. We had this bunching of cancels that ended up occurring altogether. And as a result, we don’t expect this level of cancels to continue going forward. We do expect some elevated level of client activity just given the environment, but we are expecting retention rates to rebound through the year here and move more towards what we saw last year as we move towards the latter part of this year. In terms of outlook on the sales side and visibility into the longer-term pipeline, listen, as I mentioned, we do have a solid pipeline. We’ve got solid engagement from clients. And at the same time, we are seeing just longer sales cycles and these budget constraints. And so to the extent and when the pressures begin to alleviate that should translate through into, I think, encouraging growth for us. And as I alluded to in the last question, it’s not just in our core products, but we do see opportunities in newer solutions that we have as well as in many of these client segments that are a little less exposed to some of the cyclical dynamics that we’re talking about.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Sure. Hey, Alex. So on the pricing front, I would highlight that we, and we’ve alluded to this in the past, that we had a lower contribution on a dollar amount and on a percentage level from price increases within new subscription sales. It’s important to underscore that we continue to be very measured with our increases. It is an important lever for us, and we do want to make sure we’re capturing the value that we are delivering to clients, but we do factor in the overall pricing environment as well as client health. And so the contribution from price increase was a little bit more modest relative to what we saw last year. The balance of new subscription sales was largely related to what we would call cross-selling or upselling, so delivering more solutions to existing clients that is the bulk of sales in the quarter, and we believe a key to our growth going forward. And so that strong engagement with clients is encouraging because we do believe we can continue to sell more to them. As we’ve alluded to, when you break down the components of growth here, we saw 8% growth within our market cap modules. We saw 19% growth in custom and special packages. And we saw across client segments outsized growth, continue to see outsized growth with asset owners and wealth managers and very strong growth despite this bunching of some hedge fund events despite that bunching, we continue to see strong growth among hedge funds as well. So the growth is multifaceted, and I think many of the drivers of long-term opportunity.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I would say, Owen, that we have historically seen outsized retention with our largest clients as well as those clients that are subscribing to multiple products. It’s a key part of our strategy and has been a key part of our strategy for many years. As you’re probably aware, we have had a more strategic selling effort with these large accounts, we have what we call senior account managers and key account managers across the organization where we agree. We engage holistically with them. And so we’re engaging typically at the C levels of these organizations talking to them about what their objectives are and how MSCI can help them achieve those objectives. And that not only leads to higher engagement and retention rates over time, but it also leads to additional selling opportunities. And so the beauty of MSCI is, our solutions are interoperable. We run an integrated franchise where our indexes are built on the same framework as our risk models and our ESG ratings and research and so we can more effectively help these clients achieve their investment objectives over time and help them operate more efficiently. And so this strategic selling effort has been integral to that. And as you can see by the figures that we put on Slide 9 here, it’s critical to driving that higher level of retention and continued growth among these larger organizations around the globe.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. So we did see a modest decline in the basis points from the prior quarter from 2.50 basis points down to 2.48 basis points. That was driven almost entirely by mix shift. Most of that resulted from a lower contribution of higher fee international products and a higher contribution to AUM from lower fee products with U.S. exposure. I would say there is nothing new to call out here. There can be some dynamics with AUM levels. And you saw this when AUM levels dropped, there was more stability in the fees. So, there are some fee arrangements we have where the fees do step up at lower AUM levels and vice versa, they step down at higher AUM levels. And so that can be one small factor to point out, but I would say nothing out of the ordinary or nothing new relative to what we have seen in the past. We do expect over time fees to gradually come down, driven by mix shift although we expect the growth in assets and the tremendous opportunity we have across so many different frontiers to more than offset that decline, which is what we have seen and as you can tell by the healthy overall ETF revenue contribution, but also the overall ABF revenue growth. And so I would highlight that within non-ETF passive, the fee dynamics have been much more stable there. And that’s going back to the question about custom indexes in the non-ETF passive category. That is an area where we see tremendous engagement and growth around areas like custom indexes and many times, those can be higher fee type mandates that we see.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. So, I would say, generally, our approach to capital allocation has not changed. So, we pay a steady dividend that grows with EPS of the company. And then we look to generate value with excess capital and cash beyond that. And so we are continually looking for opportunities to do that. While we do monitor the market for potentially strategic attractive MP&A, sometimes the best opportunity for us for creating value is investing in MSCI, so buying our stock back. And so we are long-term believers in the company and the future value. And so our approach to share repurchases has not changed, and we will look to use available cash when we see attractive opportunities in the stock.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. So, as Baer alluded to, we saw a 17% run rate growth in private capital solutions. I would say generally, our integration is largely on track from both a go-to-market and a technology and data infrastructure standpoint. We have seen encouraging signs in the areas where we think we can add value. So, we have seen outsized growth in EMEA and getting good traction in Asia. So, areas where I think MSCI can help on the go-to-market. I would say more generally, we continue to be optimistic about the long-term opportunity across private capital solutions and continue to see big long-term opportunities there.
Henry Fernandez: That’s definitely the key balancing act that we play at MSCI every year. How do we balance continued high levels of profitability for our shareholders with investments that are going to drive significant revenue growth in the future. So, the first thing that we do, George, is that – the first thing we would try to do is we try to keep the level of investment every year despite any headwinds, and we do that by creating even more efficiency and at some point, hitting our compensation expenses to keep that high level of investment within the year. The second thing that we do is that we tried to increase that level of rate of growth of investment on a year-over-year basis at a rate, say, double the non-investment expenses in the company so that we continue to feed the funding of significant growth opportunities we have ahead of us. The third thing that we do is, we believe that having short-term pressures and having short-term, meaning within a year or so within a few quarters or a year, discipline of maintaining higher levels of profitability is actually a positive, not a negative because it helps us focus on the highest return investment on the ones that are going to be paying off shorter term rather than long term and making sure that the whole company is mobilizing to continue to do what we currently do, not what we are investing in, but what we currently do much more efficiently and much more productively. So, that’s kind of the balancing act. So, I don’t think that, that’s going to dramatically change given it’s almost like a dual mandate, if you were the Fed, right, growth, employment and inflation is a little bit of that. We have a dual mandate to maintain high levels of short-term profitability versus long-term growth. So, that’s – now, there are outside possibilities that we have discarded. We are not going to run the EBITDA margin significantly higher in the company unless there is a – that’s incredible amount of money that flows through the P&L because of higher equity values in our indexing products. And on the other hand, we are not going to meaningfully lower at all the levels of margins that we currently have. So, that’s the objective that we have so far. Thank you for that question.
Henry Fernandez: So, there are a number of areas. I mean pretty much everything that we do at MSCI has a tail in this back and long-term – incredible long-term potential. We are very fortunate about that. Now, some things materialize faster in the short-term and some things are going to take a few quarters, maybe a few years to materialize in a big way. The first thing that we always focus on is the continued growth of our index franchis, because despite what some people think about indexation, whether it’s benchmarking, this is all to active managers, active equity managers or the pace of growth of passive investing. We see enormous possibilities of derivative products, both listed, options, futures and structured products with the enormous potential for non-market capital indices in ESG, in thematic, in climate, in factors and all of that. And now we have a new wave of growth coming from direct index in wealth management, which is an ability to basically customize an individual portfolio in a way that is scalable with indices rather than active management. So – and on top of that, that’s the equity part. And on top of that, we see a lot of potential in fixed income indexation. So, this is all part of the barbell in the investment world. On one hand, is high levels of systematic investing in which index investing is part of that and the other part is very high levels of active management, which obviously private asset management is the most important one, but also concentrated portfolios and things like that. So, that’s where we are positioned in the company. So, we start with definitely index. Then we look at the next level, which is sustainability and within sustainability ESG, obviously, but climate, we think ESG will continue to grow. ESG is not a political philosophy, it is not – is the investment risk and investment opportunity. No matter what people say, what people politicizes or whatever is part of the fabric of investing as to how you are going to manage the portfolio with respect to all these factors in addition to financial factors and other market factors. So, that we are in obviously down cycle on that given the political situation in the U.S., given the reset of regulations in Europe, but we are beginning to see significant growth of that in Asia. So that’s a second component. The third component, which we are now positioning ourselves enormously is our ability to be a large provider of transparency and performance and risk tools and benchmark indices and asset allocation, etcetera, in the private assets. The biggest revolution going on in the world right now is private credit. It’s going from balance sheet driven things, on the balance sheet of banks and balance sheet of insurance companies to a fund structure. So, if that revolution in private credit into a fund structure has an investor in it, whether it’s an institutional or wealth management individual investor, they are going to need transparency tools. They are going to have to understand performance and risk and all of that, which will be a lot different than on the balance sheet of a bank or an insurance company, and this is where we come in. Those are three big areas that we are focused on. There are other areas that, obviously, our role in fixed income portfolio management is a big one, our role in providing even more tools to the – on analytics, insights, for example in some portfolios and climate risk within analytics. So, those are basically the broad areas that we are focusing on, on the product side. And of course, all of that has a huge corollary of the areas that we are expanding into the client side beyond active managers. As it was said before, you will hear quite often the balance sheet of bank, the hedge funds, the corporates, the asset owners, and so on and so forth. So, that is an area – those are on the client side, we see enormous growth opportunities in the non-asset management segment. So, that’s a little bit of an overview.
Henry Fernandez: Thank you for joining us today and for those very insightful questions that you asked. As we have said in the past, our operating structure at MSCI is to continue to be a long-term compounder of our earnings and our share price and our revenues and all of that. And there is absolutely no change in our objectives to achieve that. Despite the operating environment challenges that we have had in the last few quarters, we remain conscious in this secular tailwinds and opportunities that we see ahead and that will continue to power our business. The elevated cancels we experienced in the first quarter were as a result of a concentration of client events that we do not expect to continue at these levels in quarters to come. And as we have said, our level of engagement with clients is on parallel [ph], is at a record high, the level of things that they want us to do, solutions that they want us to come up with is totally unparalleled, and it is increasing pretty much every day, every week, every quarter. And therefore, we are very committed in helping them achieve those objectives, whether it’s capitalizing on opportunities or dealing with problems in their portfolios. Therefore, our all-weather franchise is pretty resilient, and it supports the business through good times and bad times. And we would like to thank you again for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking with you in the next few days and weeks.
