Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Toni, it’s Andy. Appreciate the question. So yes, I mean, we are seeing a tough environment for many of our clients. As we’ve talked about before, our largest client base is active managers that have seen flat markets for the last couple of years. We’re encouraged by the recent rally, and that should be helpful over the long term. But they have seen relatively flat markets volatility and outflows. So, we have seen headwinds, but we continue to have good momentum. And I think the thing that’s been encouraging to us is the success we’ve had across modules and client segments. And so we mentioned some of these, but just to highlight, we saw 9% run rate growth in our market cap modules. And that’s through delivering additional value to our clients, continuing to upsell them. We saw 20% growth in custom and specialized modules, an 11% growth in factor and ESG modules. Equally as encouraging, we saw 9% growth in asset managers, 15% growth from wealth and broker-dealers and 22% growth among hedge funds. So, we’ve definitely been encouraged here. I think we will see longer sales cycles, tighter budgets here. Budgets for the year are set at the end of the prior year for many organizations, and so that will create some noise for us. But this trend of indexation and the demand for the tools that we have across many different client segments seems to have some momentum here. So, we’ll continue to monitor closely. But importantly, we continue to focus on creating value for our clients, and that will hopefully translate through to continued success on sales and growth.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure, sure. Thanks, Alex. So, I’d say the most encouraging thing for us has been the strong level of engagement we’re seeing from our clients around ESG and very significantly around Climate. So despite the slowdown, we are still seeing a healthy level of dialogue with our clients on this front. Consistent with what we’ve seen in recent quarters and throughout 2023, as you alluded to growth has been slower for us. Just to put a finer point on that, in the ESG and Climate segment, growth in the Americas was about 9%. That compares to 25% in Europe and close to 20% in Asia. I’d say the themes are consistent, where clients are taking a more measured approach to how they integrate ESG. They’re continuing to think about how and where they integrate it, and that’s causing longer sales cycles and more deliberate purchasing decisions, which is probably compounded by, I think, cyclical pressures that are hitting many of our clients. But given the wide range of use cases, I think we continue to be quite encouraged about the outlook here. We see regulation will create some delays in purchases, continues to be a big opportunity for us. As you alluded to, Climate continues to be a big opportunity for us. And we continue to innovate heavily across Climate with plans to release things like nature and biodiversity data sets, additional insights into private assets, geospatial data, which Baer alluded to, physical and hazard risk enhancements. And that’s on top of continuing to broaden our coverage across ESG, enhance the quality of our offering and our service. And so I think we’ve got a rich pipeline of opportunities and solutions where we can continue to deliver value to clients. But I think we would expect some of these dynamics that we’re seeing the more measured purchasing decisions and some of the cyclical pressures probably to persist for at least next couple of quarters here.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So there are a number of trends at play here, but maybe I can group them together and say, this heightened period of uncertainty and risk has led to opportunities for us. And so clients are turning to us across many of our different solutions to help understand market drivers and risks and how to navigate those risks. And I think it’s been very encouraging to see the highest-ever full year retention rate we’ve seen within the segment, which I think underscores the power of that need for our tools in this market. Just to put a finer point on where we’re seeing that, we did see some strong successes within ERP in the quarter. our Enterprise Risk and Performance offering, which has been supported by things like liquidity analytics and demands for deeper insights into liquidity risk. We’ve also had some traction with the partnerships that we’ve alluded to in the past, and we have gotten favorable feedback by enhancing user experiences. As we’ve talked about in the last couple of quarters, we had another strong quarter and a strong year across our factor models as well. So, we did see pretty good momentum on Equity Analytics, particularly with our factor model sales. And we have had – it’s early days, but we’ve had some traction with our risk insights offering as well, which is a new offering for us, where we’re providing clients with more easily accessible, more interactive and more user-friendly risk and performance stats on their portfolios. So, we’re encouraged. The growth we’re seeing is an area that we’ve been focused and investing and so we definitely are encouraged by the outlook. But I would say, particularly given the backdrop and the fact that within Analytics, we do have a higher concentration of broker-dealers and hedge funds, we do expect to see some lumpiness in both sales and cancels moving forward here. But the long-term dynamics in those areas of traction we’ve been getting have been quite encouraging to us.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, sure. Owen, thank you. So maybe I'll start on Index and then I can touch on Analytics. But yes, I think it's helpful to give a bit more color on exactly what these non-recurring sales and revenues are. So as we mentioned, during the quarter, we had a very large contract signed to address the unlicensed usage of our Indexes in past periods. And just to put a finer point on that, just to be very clear, we identified a client that had been using our Indexes to create Index Linked products without a license over a long time period. And so during the quarter, we signed an agreement that we would be paid for that passed on license usage. And as a result recorded a sale and revenue associated with that. It is worth noting that we continue to see contributions to non-recurring sales and revenue from the licensing of our Indexes to create things like structured products and over-the-counter derivatives. We also have non-recurring sales of – and uses of our – some of our data packages, like our free float data package and our Index history sales. And so those unlicensed usage sales are by their nature going to be lumpy and we don't have those very often, as you know. But these other trends in things like over-the-counter derivatives and structured products are areas where we do see some momentum and should continue to be a contributor for us, but no changes to our business model overall, other than to say we see growth opportunities across categories of non-recurring revenue and sales for us. As you alluded to on the Analytics side, we did have a number of implementation related services that were completed during the quarter and so those implementation related services are non-recurring in nature. And so we recognize non-recurring revenue when we complete those. It is worth noting on the recurring side as well for certain products that involve implementations such as our enterprise risk solutions. We defer the revenue until the implementation is complete, at which point we recognize the revenue from the beginning of the contract period to that point. And so we will have what we call these catch ups when we have implementations coming online, and we had several of those during the quarter. I'd say within Analytics, the non-recurring revenue tends to be most closely tied to those implementations and so it generally will be tied to the business growth over time.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. So, listen, on expenses, it's a similar story to what we give every year. I think we outlined in the prepared remarks here that the AUM assumption that underlies the expense guidance assumes that the markets remain relatively flat for the first half of the year and then rebound slightly in the back half of the year. As we always do we will continue to monitor the market and we'll continue to monitor business performance. And so we will go to our upturn and downturn playbooks throughout the year if we do see sustained improvements, which could cause us to move towards the higher end of that range, or similarly cause us to manage expenses more tightly if things deteriorate. As you know, and I think is evident, there is a meaningful contribution from acquisitions as well in the expense guidance for the year. I think we've given color on the Burgiss margin profile and I think we indicated Trove and Fabric are relatively small in terms of their impact. But from that you can back into the organic expense growth being in, call it the mid to high single digit range embedded in that guidance, and the balance being contributed from mainly Burgiss, but to a lesser degree the smaller acquisitions coming in. The last thing that's probably worth lagging, and we've mentioned this in past years, is we have seasonally high payroll tax and benefits related expenses in the first quarter. And so we tend to see about $10 million to $15 million higher of those expenses coming through, which adds to some seasonality and higher expenses in Q1. But other than that, I'd say it's something that we continue to monitor and our goal ultimately is to continue to invest in the business to drive long-term growth and we'll use opportunities if the market improves here to continue to do that, but also continuing to deliver attractive profitability and profitability growth in all periods and attractive free cash flow growth.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, sure. So listen, it's important to underscore that we will continue to be very measured on our price increases and ensure that we are linking them to the value that we are delivering to our clients in terms of enhanced solutions, enhanced services and broader usage of our tools. As we mentioned in prior quarters, during 2023, price increases were higher than they've been in recent years and contributed a larger percentage of new recurring sales relative to recent years. I would say in Index that contribution is similar where the contribution from price increases within Index was above 40% for the year, which I think is consistent with what we've mentioned before. And it's important to underscore that there are numerous factors that feed into our price increases, including most notably, the value that we're delivering to clients. But the broader environment and client health are all things we think about. And so to the extent that inflation continues to moderate. We will likely moderate price increases in certain areas, all else equal. But we'll continue to monitor all those factors, including the enhancements in value that we deliver to clients and calibrate price increases accordingly going forward.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes, yes. So it’s an area that we spend a huge amount of time on. And we are continually focused on driving efficiencies, enhancing productivity across organizations so that we can invest more in the business. And even though it’s been a tougher environment, we’ve been able to continue to enhance and increase the amount of money we put into investment areas. To your point, we would love to invest more. We have very attractive opportunities across all the areas we’ve talked about in terms of new solutions, new client segments, technology-enabled capabilities. Those are all areas that we have the upturn ready to go. But we will be measured and ensure that we see sustained improvements in the market and business performance before we take up the level of investment materially. But it’s something that we are laser-focused on and want to continue to maintain our Triple-Crown discipline and ensure that we are putting those investment dollars into those areas that are going to generate attractive near-term returns for us. And so it’s something that we are on top of and continually monitoring. And that’s something that, to the extent the market performance and business performance fluctuates, we’ll look for opportunities to put more investment to work.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So look, the Climate opportunity is an enormous one, which will affect all aspects of the economy and industries, right? So, I think it’s natural that there will be aspects of it which at the outset we were not present in and where we’re broadening and deepening our capabilities, right? So I think that's a general observation which could be both from our actions organically and inorganic. So in this instance, we're very excited with what we've done here, not merely because there's clearly demand from this, but it's also an area where we're able to apply a lot of interesting work in data science and AI. So there's client demand, it plays to our strengths in this growth category, and I think we've got a really good chance of continuing to innovate. Just in terms of the business model, it's the same as usual, right? So it's a subscription business model. It's integrated with the normal way that we sell and it's just enriching our capabilities across the board.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So happy to take that question. We're very pleased with how the integration is going. I think there was clearly a benefit that we were a minority shareholder of Burgiss for a number of years, so got to know the business very well. We had one of our senior executives, Jay McNamara, there working for a number of years and really helped to revitalize their client activity and go-to-market and all the commercial side. So he is now a Co-Head of the business with Charissa Smith. So I think both from an operational point of view, we're very pleased with the integration and we've got a team of client coverage people there that were already, if you like, trained the MSCI way under Jay, and the – and now those teams can work seamlessly with the MSCI client coverage team. So we're delighted with the way things have gone so far and I think we've got a big opportunity globally to expand significantly the footprint in private capital solutions. So, so far so good. Good end to the year and we hope to keep delivering some strong numbers during the course of 2024.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So I think there has been a component of the changes in the regulation in Europe delaying product issuance. But there's also a broader context that the regulatory framework in Europe, in the EU, is driving a lot of growth as well. And you can see that in the numbers that we've mentioned. So I think that overall, the regulatory topic related to ESG and climate has definitely become a positive for us in balance. Look, I don't – it's not our role to speculate on U.S. politics and outcomes. My only observation would be that when we look notably at a lot of the major asset owners in the U.S., their approach to this topic has not changed and it remains central for them. I think there may be a question as to when product issuance will pick up again in the U.S., and time will tell. But we're also seeing a significant increase in Asia [ph] of interest. So on balance, the landscape remains one with some significant opportunities, some areas a little bit slower, but we're just doing our business of interacting with clients every day and impressing them the value of our services. And then politics will be what politics is.
Baer Pettit: Yes. Thanks for the question. Well, look, we clearly have pretty transparent statistics on that in the ETF market, which we discussed, and those have been fairly stable. It’s quite difficult to judge this in a lot of the subscription market. There’s not really transparent data that shows us exactly what’s happening. So the key thing that we try to focus on is ensuring that we are continuing to maintain our growth rates in some of our key segments, as you can see from the numbers that we put out quarter-after-quarter, but more importantly, is trying to be innovative about some of the opportunities that have been central to our growth that have been a big theme throughout our comments today. The customization area is dramatic in all client types, and we’re investing in that both organically and through these – some of these acquisitions that we’re looking at, even if they’re bolt-on ones. So I think as we get – our big driver is to be innovative in new segments with customization. And if we do that, I think we can continue to have the leading position in the industry that we have. And then I think the other one that I would say is a key focus is global geographic diversification. This is an enormous strength of our franchise, and we’ve seen that in the numbers. As we continue to grow in all geographies in Index, notwithstanding the fact that in many of those geographies over the last number of quarters, equity markets have been in the doldrums more than they’ve been in the U.S. But we still continue to put in strong performances in subscription growth. So I think overall, we kind of look at how we’re innovating. We – I could say things anecdotally about competition, but I don’t think they’re going to be helpful. So it’s mostly focusing on what we do well and serving clients and innovating. And if we keep doing that, I’m confident that we can maintain our growth trajectory.
Baer Pettit: Look, it’s a great question. So as you know, Henry is our lead salesman now. And he spends an enormous amount of his time with clients, which has had a huge impact in our senior relationships. I am myself a retired Global Head of Client Coverage to MSCI. And our current Global Head of Client Coverage, Alvise Munari, is doing a great job. And so I think it’s both a question of scale and reach, which we really focused on, but it’s also really important to be creative and innovative. And as we look across a given order, like the one we have today, the diversity of transactions, of different client types, different geographies, different use cases, all of that comes from our client coverage organization, really having that DNA of finding out new use cases, new opportunities, which I think is really central to how we operate. So – and then for sure, we will continue to invest in our client coverage organization, in salespeople, in consultants and client service. Now we’re also very focused on the productivity of the organization, and that’s a key component to ensuring we continue to invest. But this is really – when we think of investments, we definitely think of our client organization and its reach and scale as being central to our future trajectory. So happy to take a longer discussion off-line, but it’s absolutely central to what we think is a great strength of MSCI.
Henry Fernandez: Let me add a comment to what Andy said. The long term – given the significant and incredible opportunity that we face at MSCI in all of our product lines from customization in index and direct indexing, to climate risk and climate opportunities, to ESG, to Private Assets, and of course, the significant uptick that we’ve seen in Analytics, the long-term value creation of MSCI will depend a great deal on incremental investment in all these growth areas. You can’t grow without creating new products, creating new services, creating innovation, reaching out to new client segments like wealth, like insurance, like corporates, like GPs and private assets, et cetera. So our overriding amount of time that Andy alluded to is spent on this area is to balance out the profitability of the business and the margin of the business with incremental investment. And the lever that we’ve been pulling significantly is creating more and more efficiency, tightening up what we do with higher productivity, locating more and more of our staff to emerging market centers and the like. And that has allowed us to, as Andy said, increase the amount of investment that we can deploy in the business. We are extremely excited about AI and the utilization of AI to allow for an even larger amount of efficiencies, a lot of productivity in which we can free up more resources and again put it back into the investment of the business in all the growth areas that we’ve identified.
Henry Fernandez: Let me add something else here that the area – MSCI has progressed significantly in many, many areas. The one area that I feel the most proud of – or proudest, I guess, of is the incredible level of reach and dialogue that we have with clients all over the world. It’s not only at the user level. Traditionally, in the past, MSCI is sold by a subject matter expert to – of MSCI selling directly into a user at the client organization. What we now have done in addition to that is build very deep and very wide relationship with the CEOs and the CIOs and all that because we’re conscious that we’re increasing our wallet share or mind share with a lot of these clients. And we need a lot of support from the top-down in understanding what we’re doing and how we can add value and partner up with our client organizations. The client coverage organization, Alvise Munari is I think 1,200 professionals by now, so significant expansion because of some of the acquisitions that we have made, which have added a lot of salespeople. And the key focus there is industrial scale, is trying to figure out how to continue to grow that client coverage organization in a manner that it is tightening up the organizational structure, the organizational design, the roles, the responsibilities. We’re putting a lot of technology and a lot of data in understanding how the – what the clients buying, how are they buying, managing the pipeline and so on and so forth. So I think we have a lot of runway to benefit from in reaching out to more clients. This is going to become especially important because we’re scaling up significantly to new areas. Wealth management, it’s a lot of wealth management organizations around the world. Corporates, there are thousands and thousands of corporate entities around the world, right? Insurance companies, the general partners of equity – private equity firm, private credit firm, private infrastructure, private debt firms and the like. So really, really exciting, a lot of what we’re doing.
Henry Fernandez: So thank you, everyone for joining us today. Our fourth quarter and full year performance, as you can see, was a direct result of our focus on clients and pricing [ph] and our all-weather franchise. We remain very excited about the tremendous opportunities that we have in front of us and the investments that we’re making to capitalize on them. And we will execute flawlessly on that growth agenda. One of – I think that it’s always more to keep an company. We welcome anybody who wants to have a dialogue with us at any point at any time. And we will be more than happy to answer your questions or any other questions that people may have. Thank you again and have a great day.
