Henry Fernandez: Yes, so let me give you the general direction and Kathleen can comment more specifically on the numbers, if any. Look, I think first of all if we are - we continue to see enormous growth opportunities in our franchise in our business. We started [indiscernible] three years ago looking very heavily, and we found many, many more opportunities that we even expected and have been funding them and growing in them as you see, you know, evidenced in the top line growth. So, we want to continue to do that.  With respect to the outlook for this market, we expect 2019 to be with respect to the AUM or at least the passive management part of the AUM. Remember, AUM also has futures and options in there, but what is expected from the passive management part of the AUM, we expect the 2019 to be a flattish kind of year; put maybe be a slight amount of cash inflows going into ETFs and therefore - and the reason is because bear in mind that the developed markets outside of the U.S. and the emerging markets have already beaming highly depressed levels for a lot of 2018. Can they go lower? Sure, they can were lower, but we have estimated that at this point that, you know, they may not, you know, they may not correct much more than that. We do expect significant volatility in the U.S. market, but not a bear market, so we think that there will be a lot of volatility up and down, but not a sustained bear market. So that's what is embedded in our thoughts processes into conclusion of a flat or so, you know, market level with an increasing amount of inflows that they give you a little bit of a positive impact on AUM. Therefore, based on that, our projection and the guidance we are giving you on expenses is around those assumptions and since we don't assume that there will be either a U.S. bear market or a global bear market further than, you know, over the years outside of the U.S., we do not anticipate changing any of the expense numbers as a reaction to volatility in the markets.  Now, if, throughout the year, we see a change of those assumptions that is impacting our recession and a bear market is coming, we will wait a bit before we see total evidence of that and we will adjust our expenses. But for now, you should assume that that we are not, you know, that if there is up and down volatility per quarter, we will not be adjusting our expenses.
Henry Fernandez: Really, Alex, it was very consistent. You know, so I think, the type of investments our clients are making with us are typically, you know, fairly infrastructural. They're not the type of thing that is affected by momentary market volatility. So, you know, we didn't see any changes in the normal pattern of business nor did we see evidence that people were freezing anything or anything of that kind. So, you know, very consistent with previous quarters, and you know, exactly as you see reflected in the numbers.
Henry Fernandez: So I think the way we think about it internally has changed the business expanses versus run the business expanses, obviously change the business are investments, not just you know expenses versus run the business.  And what we have been able to achieve in the last three years or so is a significant squeezing of the run the business expenses and freeing up of resource to go into change the business. So when you look at our, you know, look at our - our new investment plans for 2019 compared to the prior year in the change the business is up also like 25% as an example. You know that - and we want to continue hammering that; you know, we want to operate as efficiently. We think we still have some ways to go there in creating technology and data sets internally to operate better; obviously, at some point, there are diminishing returns of that efficiency and productivity of running the business. But we keep at it in order to increase the amount of money that we put in the change the business and some of those initiatives are the ones you know, I mean we cannot spend enough on ESG in terms of the expansion of the equity universe of ESG, the continuation of the expansion in fixed income; we still have a lot of runway there.  We currently - ratings about 15,000 issuers between equity and fixed income and that's going into a significant number; above that we are - we are getting requests by clients to do ESG ratings in private equities and in real estate and so on and so forth, and so that's an area, obviously, factor investing.  We are getting requests for - in not only factor investing in indices but also in factor investing between, you know, - in combining factors on ESG into portfolios into market cap portfolios to sell them, so we have a lot of demand there and we need to fund that substantially. We are getting lot of demand on increasing - or accelerate our development of the MSCI analytics platform, which enables a lot of analytics content. We cannot, you know, - the demand there are pushing us hard into expand and that is more than we can do at the moment or that we can afford to put in there. So there is a tension there going on. We are doing exceedingly well in EMEA, even in the context of our troubled region if you want to think about it, actually EMEA is probably the best region of the world right now for us. We have reorganized dramatically our Asia-Pacific client organization with a lot of new leadership, a lot of new hires, so we are very hopeful that Asia, which was a high growth area could be an even higher growth area and the like, and therefore, I mean we are giving you - we are trying to strike a good balance between the expansion of the margin - the base of expansion of the margin and the funding for growth and all these opportunities that we did cover and that's why you know I want to note again, the comment that Kathleen made or -- comments in terms of the EBITDA expense guidance that we are giving you, which is probably higher in the first half of the year and lower in the range in the second half, but you know the - but we are really intend on not letting the margin expansion accelerate, so in a time in which the AUM goes up we have a lot of projects to fund for growth, obviously we are more focused on the AUM coming down and having a playbook there, but if it goes up unexpectedly, you know we are doing that because we need to fund this significant growth areas. So therefore, as Kathleen indicated you should continue to see a less of an acceleration in the pace of margin expansion.
Henry Fernandez: It's across. We were always running a balance, you know, a meaningful amount of factors a meaningful amounts of ESG, a meaningful amount is also, you know, the analytics platform that we are investing in. We are putting some money into Wealth Management, which is a rapidly growing client segment for a lot of people including us, and we are just on their waiting a lot of our growth there at the moment, we need to do a lot more overtime.  Real estate, that's a story that we haven't talked about; we will tell you more about in the Investor Day, but it is really coming nicely; and therefore, that is encouraging us to put a lot more effort into the private asset classes; to think about this way, we have built the MSCI of the public asset classes we want to build the MSCI of the private asset classes. So that's an area, so there are - there is a lot of that is happening in the company.
Henry Fernandez: Sure. I think our, you know, I would say thematically our main focus is on helping our clients be more efficient; so a lot of our tools are helping both within the investment processes of our clients within their infrastructure and looking at the range of information, software, etc., that they use in their investment process and finding ways of making that more efficient and more streamlined.  So I think just about everything we do fits into that category, one way or another, but I think that that is the main approach that we are taking, and notably, we are doing that at more senior levels at our clients and we have done historically with the CIOs, the CEOs, et cetera.,  And working on that in a kind of a holistic manner. So, and I think then the other question is that it may be that a more volatile market while providing challenges and also create opportunities in active management and that's where a lot of our research, etc., comes into help our clients.
Henry Fernandez: Okay, you know, I think it was a clearly our question earlier, what is the next ESG or even bigger than that, and that is one of them, you know, private asset classes. As we know well, private asset classes, particularly the bulk of private asset classes is private real estate of private equities. I mean clearly we have private credit and infrastructure and other aspects but you know, private real estate and private equities are the lion's share around the world, and we are already in one of those which is private real estate; you know, that we haven't talked a lot about as we were reengineering that effort and we want to expand that dramatically.  We are trying to find ways into getting into private equities in a much bigger way obviously we occasionally see our clients using our risk models for our private equity investing; obviously, our asset owner clients take it into account in their multi-asset class risk.  So, you know, but we are looking into things organically and inorganically, and we believe that, you know, if you look at the global pension funds around the world on an aggregate basis, they have about 14% allocation into private asset classes; that number of a 10 year period can easily be 25% to 30%, and we want to be in that area.  Hopefully, many of our clients want to be in that area because that's where the management fees will be as well, but in order to for that location to be that big the industry needs to really - they need an MSCI to achieve that; they need pricing models, they need performance attribution, they need benchmarks, they need understanding of the markets, they need understandings of risk and that's what we want to provide.
Henry Fernandez: I think the way to think about it is that, you know, when that question gets asked is people are sort of focused on one aspect of our index franchise, which is market capping, this is either developer or emerging markets and sometimes they focus on only one client segment in a particular region of the world, and they think that we need to sort of remind us is that this franchise is being an expanding in which we have a fast growing business in license in factor indices, you know, for our clients, our active management clients.  We have large overseas, you know, growth in ESG indices, so you should think of indices as basis of portfolios and therefore - unless we believe that the active management world will have less portfolios, less exposures to, you know, equities around the world, then there is an explosion of benchmark so to speak of underlying basis for building portfolios, you know, on delight. The other thing is that, you know, our job is to help clients build portfolios, you know, one way or another, whether it's a benchmark to actively bid it or a passive of all sorts, you know, whether it's Asia, Europe, the U.S., Latin America whatever. And whether it is ESG or factors or fixed income or equities or whatever and not, but what we are also doing is we rented the kitchen, we are going to clients and say we are building and this is based on this infrastructure, what are you building on and this is on their infrastructure for your own use.  So we have a little bit of money coming in that way, but we see that as a huge expansion of our franchise. So that's why this thing is a very multifaceted franchise that can benefit a lot of our clients and generate double-digit growth.
Henry Fernandez: So we are still at the very early stages of it, just summarizing, and we can talk some more on Investor Day is there are opportunities all over the place; you know, ESG, we license, one of the biggest wealth managers in the U.S. to put ESG ratings into the reports of their portfolios to clients. We see opportunities in index in order to build kind of model portfolios.  So if you find a wealth management firm becomes an MSCI shop, they use , our entire out sort of framework to make decisions about allocation of assets we use it in analytics in terms of providing, you know, we may not have the front-end in wealth management, but we feel all the calculations and all the risk associated with the platform that wealth management firms use, so it really is multifaceted and we are only getting started.
Henry Fernandez: So we always look, you know, click carefully and intensely and have a draconian, discipline and obviously everything has been fairly frothy in the last two-three years. So we have done very little if anything we have been on the opposite side, selling non-strategic parts of our business. We are, you know, and obviously it's going to be very strategic and value added financially for us.  You know, we are ringing our hands a little bit that at some point if that volatility continues and increases, there may be certain things that may become more actionable and we will look at them and obviously make the right decisions at that time. So, with that increase in volatility you are mentioning, maybe opportunities present themselves, but it's too early to tell, right; we only had a few months of volatility.
Henry Fernandez: No, it's pretty fundamental. I mean on ESG, the way to think about it is sustainable investing in a shrinking world of information and demands for society about environmental controls and social norms on governance of companies, so the ESG is really across, you know, from exclusions, you know comp - a lot of investors don't want to invest in certain companies, so we have a big service to give them the list of those companies based on criteria to the ratings per company and issuers, you know bond issuers. you know to the creation of indices for the basis of portfolios, either active or passive and to the inclusion of ESG and risk factors to understand the risk of portfolios; unknown factors is similarly, you know, obviously the creation of factors portfolios for the ETF as an example, 70 plus billion dollars or I think 80 plus billion dollars of ETF right now at MSCI or more than 10% of the total AUM is on factors, and you know. The factors, you know one of the areas that we are focused on is how we have helped active managers incorporate factors in what they do and report to their clients; equity long-short hedge funds are being asked by their clients to report unknown factor lines as well and make investment decisions among factor lines; you know a lot of institutional asset owners have been allocating funds into factor passive allocations directly and we have been working with them and showing them the benchmarks as all across the board.
Henry Fernandez: I think we have been, you know, very consistent on this topic on the calls over time. You know, we have seen a, what we call natural pattern that has manifested itself in the numbers over time. We don't see anything that's really at all different, you know, this quarter. We have no evidence of that changing, so, really, it's just - I'm afraid just a repetition of what we said before; it's directional, it's steady, and we don't see any dramatic change in that right now.
Henry Fernandez: I was referring to organic; at this point, M&A is totally sort of, you know, opportunistic; either it comes or it doesn't, so you cannot plan around it or talk about it that much organically. You know, look, we are on their funding, you know, the analytics platform that should be needed for the enabling of our content, so that's an area that will require more funding over time.  Given the request by clients, we could be spending a lot more on ESG in order to put more sales people to have more consultants with our clients to have more coverage of the universe is, as I said, we are getting to a good level of ESG ratings on equity issuers.  We are still low on the fixed income side; we need to ramp that up, and we are getting demand on private companies and on real estate assets and the likes, so that's a big opportunity that needs funding; you know the real estate itself needs funding, you know given that we are beginning to succeed there. So, there are lot of area funding on the geography, we're still not punching at the weight, that we want to punch in Asia, for example, that's a huge opportunity that we have done well but it could be a lot bigger and that's why I want to reiterate that we give you guidance this is what we plan to do. But over time, it is very important to recognize that the rate of growth of the EBITDA margin that we have seen in the last four-five years is going to decelerate because we see enormous growth opportunities; you know to fund that growth and the balance we are trying to strike is incremental growth or additional growth over and above what we are doing or expansion of margin. I think you will want us to do the former of goal for those opportunities on funding.
Henry Fernandez: No, for sure we want to keep moving that higher. There is a point that oversee you start reaching diminishing returns. You still need - you know people in sales, for example, to be in front of clients in developed markets and the like. But as mentioned before in this efficiency and productivity drives inside the company to lower the cost of running the business, we are investing in data and technology internally to run the business and that would allow us to continue to increase the ratio into our into our talent centers in emerging markets. So there will be more of that but not on the same basis it was, you know, five years ago.
Henry Fernandez: No, we for sure would like not to accelerate the margin, although it has been happening despite our efforts in order to fund the growth needed to increase the growth of product line significantly.
Henry Fernandez: Just one clarification on your prior question. There will be a modest decline in the share count when those multi-year awards vest. We will withhold shares, and we issue the awards, and that those withholdings of shares will reduce the share counts lately.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, so let me just add to that a little bit. It's really important question, Alex; so, thank you. You know, look at the somewhat more challenging planning environment than we had at this point in time last year, challenging planning in terms of more uncertainty in the market with potentially slowing global growth, but you know, as Henry we are very confident in the top-line growth opportunities that we have and so very focused on continuing to fund those growth opportunities.  I shared with you the expense guidance at 3% to 6%, and I think you are asking about kind of how you think about that during the course of the year and also how we can flex that up and down if needed. The 3% to 6%, think about it closer to the higher end of the guidance range in the first half of the year and closer to the lower end of the guidance range in the second half of the year. In terms of, you know, should conditions be different than we are expecting our planning right now, I mean flexibility is certainly the key here. We have got a strong franchise, but we certainly need to make sure we have the flexibility to go in either direction, either kind of ratcheting things up or down.  And on the downside, that's where our downturn playbook comes in, and we are ready; we are constantly looking at that and ready to go as needed. We have got lots of granularity and numerous, you know, a couple of different tiers of levers in the downturn playbook that we can go to.
Kathleen Winters: Just adding on to it a little bit. It's really, you know, really important what Henry mentioned in terms of, you know, we are working really hard to say how do we spend less in the - you know run the business type of spend, so that we can spend more in the change the business type spend. So we really have a great culture of continuous improvement and really kind of amping up the focus on eliminating waste from our process.  Right, so as we keep looking at what we do every day; we are constantly looking for opportunities to say, OK, how we automate this to drive productivity, whether it's front office or back office we are doing more and more automation, How do we find opportunities to stop doing things, so we continue to bring down the cost on the run the business side of the house and devoted and dedicated and reallocated to change the business.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, pricing has been pretty consistent if you look at the last couple of years 2016, 2017, 2018; it's been pretty consistent. New sales, it's about - quite around 25% to 30% of new sales each year so, Yes, we are seeing that as a consistent driver.
Kathleen Winters: So the only one timers there would be the tax benefit. You know, it's large, but it's not a huge number. We had some pretty substantial good guys in 2018, right, and so that's why you are seeing a free cash flow guidance at the midpoint; it is about flat when you look 2018 to 2019. So in 2018, we had weaker 2017 cash that helped us in 2018. We also quite frankly made some really good process improvements and so DSO improved quite substantially in 2018, so I'm just not counting on that same level of change in DSO going into 2019.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, so you know, I think you are looking at Q4 comparisons and again we had a couple of really big deals Q4 last year. probably better to look at longer time period than to just isolate a particular quarter. You know, it was about flat, a couple of percentage points year-over-year improvement in 2018, and importantly though really steady strong sales in Analytics each quarter during the course of 2018.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, so I think you are referring to the $5 million of severance in Q4, and it was somewhat kind of broad-based, but in particular, I would say it's, you know, for the most part some reductions in analytics and coverage and quite frankly in functions, so really just looking at every single part of the organization and looking at how we streamline and reorganize and reallocate resources to - in the most efficient we can.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, so let me just add on to what Baer was saying here. In addition to that, you may recall in the prepared comments, we mentioned that we had a lot of implementation coming to completion in the quarter, so that helped the revenue growth rate as well. So you can see, that's a little bit higher than the organic run rate, which has been running at about 7% for five quarters in a row now.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, that's a little bit of - I don't have the specific number ex-severance, I mean, there's a little bit from severance, it’s really continued investment and funding for growth, particularly as we fund for product development and technology.
Kathleen Winters: Yes, as I said, you know, if you look at the you $140 to $170 share the payroll tax impact is about $12 to $15 million, but it's a net cash benefit when you include the tax benefit from the SBC windfall.
