Henry A. Fernandez: Let me address the second question, George, and then Bob will take on the first one. Yes, so this -- what we did in the last quarter or so was -- we just going -- we always do this at the end of the year when we are preparing our budgetary process -- we're going through our budgetary process for the following couple of years. We really took stock on where we were with all of our capabilities, all the investments that we have made, all the opportunities that we see in the marketplace, we discussed it with our board and clearly, one of the key functions of a board and a management team is to size up the company to the appropriate opportunity. So we felt that we had already completed a big part or the major part of what we set out to achieve a couple of years ago, and it was earlier than expected when we took this deep dive. So to that now changes the guidance that we gave you with respect to EBITDA -- adjusted EBITDA expense growth and revenue growth in terms of the link between the 2 that you mentioned. We are still very much of the view that our business will achieve sort of double-digit growth as we discussed before. The only change we made is clearly the rate of growth of our expenses and the timing being reduced -- rate of growth of the expenses being reduced sooner rather than later at this point.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. So the area, we clearly -- in terms of our investment plan, 2, 3 areas that we're clearly, clearly the most proud of is the enormous increase in retention rates, right? Way and above our highest expectations. We set out to put an enormous amount of servicing around on our existing client, so that has paid in spades and clearly, also, our ABS business and our ETF had paid in spade and the PMA business and others, right? The one area across the company that is lagging naturally is the sales in terms of payback of the investment. That is normal because we added a lot of salespeople, obviously, and those take time, as I mentioned in my script, take only the product development that we're going, take time and running through the system and being launched. And then when you launch them, it takes time to obviously accumulate sales. And then three, we're not completely in a normal operating environment. By normal, I mean pre-'08, and there is a little bit of an impact there. But we're still hopeful that we'll see a continued grinding upward of the pace of sales and as we get the payback from all the things that I mentioned.
Henry A. Fernandez: I'm glad you liked the new format. So we clearly want to do it more in the coming quarters, Chris. So I think the -- there are a couple of ways to address that question, Chris. The first one is that there is a significant amount of convergence going on between our equity index product line and our equity analytics product line because the vast majority of the new product development effort and the new activity in this business is factor indices. So the equity analytics business is about building factor models, right, that discern the factors that are affected, return and risk of portfolios and, therefore, we're taking all of that know-how experience, people and all of that and combining it with our equity index capability to arrive at a leadership position in factor indices and factor investing that I mentioned before. The second convergence that is happening, which is the one that you're alluding to is the convergence between front office, analytical capabilities, so just equity portfolio management capabilities, and that's part and parcel of the equity analytics product line, and risk management central of the risk management analytics sort of capabilities. So what we're trying to do is we clearly are announcing the combination of what we call -- we used to call PMA and RMA in order to capture that convergence and generate higher revenues, higher sales and all of that but also better efficiencies in how they work together. What we didn't combine, because it's already working really well, is the equity analytics research team working very closely with the equity index research team in building all these great factor indices that we're doing. So that's what we're trying to achieve there. With respect to the -- and that's what clients want us to do. They -- we constantly get our clients saying, can I have one person that can help me look at the entire product line that you have, and bring all of that capability to bear to my initiatives, my objectives, what I'm trying to drive in my firm. So we're clearly pushing that pretty strongly on the client end with the senior relationship managers and the like. With respect to comments about the One MSCI, I think there is a little bit of a misinterpretation. This approach of trying to put all of our capabilities in front of our clients is not at all in order to subsidize one product against the other one or to reduce the prices of any one single product. If you check around MSCI, definitely not well known for giving too many breaks, right, including some of your organizations. This is an attempt to service our client better, create better -- it can create better impact on them and therefore generate incremental revenues from them because we're serving them better and solving problems better for them.
Henry A. Fernandez: So the -- only way you know are in terms of the dialogue with those shareholders starting August of last year and running through January, first a private phase and then obviously a public phase or semipublic phase of that in the last 5 weeks. A lot of the dialogue has been more of strengthening the board and adding people to the board and who the right people should be in that. There's clearly been a dialogue with them and every other shareholder that has been -- and this is a response of that of where is the investment going? How do we provide better clarity of that, better metrics, better representation and the like, and we have been hearing that from quite a lot of our shareholders and from many of you in the analyst community. So we have been working on that for quite some time in terms of trying to provide that additional disclosure, additional clarity in the company. In terms of operating differently, no -- not yet so to speak. I mean we -- these people are coming to our board, we have an expanded board now of 12 directors. The discussions are going to be robust, as it always have been in terms of how do we do differently and the like. So we welcome that. But a lot of what we're doing right now, a lot of our -- a lot of these metric, a lot of this fine tuning of our investments and our plans and all of that, has been ongoing for some time now.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. So we -- Toni, I'm glad you like it, please continue to give us feedback, all of you, for all the things that you like to see. The -- at this point we're really, really focused, Toni, on what we've done so far, how do we capitalize on it and pay back and obviously creating efficiencies from that and all of that. We haven't yet started any kind of planning process as to what other areas of enhanced investment would occur because it's premature. We are -- but in general, we are very happy with the progress we're making. In fact, there's going to be more of that, clearly. We're really, really focused on this expansion of the PMA business and trying to broaden it to fundamental managers, not only the quantitative managers. Clearly, a lot of fundamental managers are looking at this onslaught of factor indices and passive management against the factor indices and a lot of what they do is one way or another in factor investing is qualitatively or quantitatively sometimes, right? So we need to provide tools for them to do that and get the business models continuing to grow. We're very focused on the -- we're very much focused on the return of the RMA business to significant growth. The last 2 years have been a bit more of trying to ensure that the technology platform that has served us well but reached the limit was invested in and we did a complete overhaul of that and so on and so forth. We now need to put more time and effort into launching new products and new services on that business in order to increase sales. I think we're happy with the retention rate. So those are areas and obviously you have the real estate and ESG part, which are really performing very well. So I think we're very focused on what we have today and making sure that it pays as opposed to expanding into any new areas.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes, I think -- we don't see it that much, but obviously levels of competition will be something that we need to -- we monitor closely, that has been stable in the last year or 2, across. That's something we need to continue to look at, right, to make sure that we don't lose market position. No, I think all of you, in our discussions, both shareholders and analysts, have always, always recognize that there is an inherent expansion of margin in a business like ours because you have a relatively fixed cost structure that grows to a certain level and then the incremental revenues, the growth of incremental revenues is at a higher pace than the growth of the incremental cost structure. And on top of that, a lot of the product development that we do is enhancement of existing products and built off the existing cost infrastructure, right? So there is an inherent pressure there for the margin to rise. What we're trying to do, and this is always a debate, we're trying to do strongly is to not look at the next few quarters in terms of the health and the progress and the success of the business but to look at it on the medium-term for that process about 3, 4, 5 years to ensure that we're not sorry 3, 4 years from now that we haven't captured market positions and we're not in a position well in the areas that we want to be and get hurt. That was a little bit of the problem with the PMA business which we were harvesting the company or the business or the product line and not looking across the 3-, 5-year horizon. That should never happen to us again. So there will be a level of investment that we will need to keep in order to ensure that, that doesn't happen to us, but for sure, the embedded machine of MSCI as a grinding of gradually increasing profit margin.
Henry A. Fernandez: And Kevin, what we're telling you is that we're very dogmatic, we're very disciplined, we're very focused in how we look at everything we do. And our comment is attributed -- the large majority of what we've done in the last 2 years is paying back in a major way and we'll continue to pay back. There are a couple of pockets that we're evaluating, of things that we have done that are not performing at the level we wanted to see, and are evaluating whether we continue with them or not. Those are -- that's what we normally say at MSCI, the tail of the dog. The dog is really the majority of the investment plan that is working well, right? But we want to be truthful and tell you that we're looking at those as well.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes, it's -- that's a question we always ask ourself because a year ago or so, people were feeling fairly good. At the end of last year with some of the news from Europe and geopolitical news and obviously slowdown in China and things like that, we monitor that like a hawk to try to see how the budget and spending patterns of our clients around the world are coming together. And we have not seen major change yet, right? So that's the good news. But we are monitoring that intensely because there are pockets -- big areas of the world, with the exception of the U.S., right, are slowing down and we want to make sure that we're getting our fair share of their budgets or even a higher share of their budgets, right, going forward. So we're monitoring that. But so far, we're fine, but that's an area -- meaning the pipelines are fine, the time approach, the pipeline and all of that, so -- but it's also that all of us keep looking [indiscernible].
Robert Qutub: And George, on your second question, it's really 2 parts, one is the annualization of the hires and we hired people, mid-year obviously, in the second and third quarter as part of these initiatives. It's just the continuation of the annualization of the compensation, and the other piece would be the annualization of the cost related to GMI.
Robert Qutub: Expense growth, if you look at the chart that Henry used, it showed in terms of organic, I think, it was $75 million, a lot of it was driven by the tremendous inflows that we talked about from ABF, I mean, a lot of that piece will be the volatility on that but we're continuing to generate the new products that we talk about, directly and indirectly, we're receiving benefits on it. So the investment returns that you see in here become organic. And we continue to use the investments to leverage the organic, that's where you're getting the growth.
Robert Qutub: That was really driven by the pace and the supplemented disclosures back there, Toni, that shows that the revenues which in the real estate business, you recognize it when the products deliver. We had a slowdown in the fourth quarter. It's not affecting the pipeline, it was really more of timing, Toni. And that's why it dropped and you can see it decline 24%. That's sort of the small piece of it that brought it down to 5%.
Robert Qutub: Bill, we're looking at -- we're going to have seasonality issues, which is why we provided the data table back on the supplemental disclosures. You see some of the fluctuations that happen with the real estate business that are out there. We're going to hit the first quarter like I talked about with some seasonal increases namely related around compensation. As we move through the second into third quarter, definitely, year-over-year progression margin, without a doubt. That's where we're moving towards and successively, we'll be working to progressively expand the margin each quarter. Again, we'll get some volatility with ABF but our inflows continue and the markets goes the way we're looking at, we should like to see it progressively for a while.
Robert Qutub: We look at -- first, when we're acquisition-related, we look at our acquisitions to be value accretive 3 to 5 years, that Henry pointed out in his comments. When you do organic investments, Kevin, I mean you're leveraging an existing infrastructure so the value accretion should be significantly higher, and we look for that. And -- but always the bottom of that would be the weighted average cost of capital. The timing, as we've talked about before, tends to be a little bit longer than acquisition sometimes, but we're looking at pretty significantly having ROIs much higher. If they fall below these high levels, they're competing for other investments that are out there.
