Andy Wiechmann: Sure, yes, good morning. Alex. And clearly, this is an area where we’re spending a lot of time. I would say the success is across the board, so it’s tough to nail it down to one thing here. But we’re seeing success, as we’ve talked about in the past, across products where it’s in addition to the core ESG ratings and research, we’re seeing success on the climate side. We’re seeing that success across asset classes. So in addition to the success we’ve seen on the solutions for equity investing, we’re continuing to see strong traction across fixed income investing and then across client segments. So we continue to have very strong success selling into both established client segments like the asset owners and asset managers, where we’ve seen growth north of 30% in run rate. That’s been accelerated by the very strong growth we’ve seen in segments like well, broker-dealers, hedge funds. And then geographically, the success is really across the board. We are seeing strong success in the U.S., but we are, as we’ve talked about in the past, seeing outsized growth in areas like EMEA and Asia, in particular. So it’s really continued success, and I think it underscores the importance of continuing to invest to drive growth across all these frontiers. That’s really what’s going to continue to fuel both the growth and leadership on this front.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. And just based on the growth, you can tell we’re below our long-term target, and this is an area where we continue to focus to drive faster growth than what we’re seeing right now. But it is a little bit areas where we’re having strong success in areas where the growth isn’t where we want it to be. So on the portfolio management tools, both on the equity portfolio management tools and on fixed income portfolio management tools, where we’re largely serving that front office and tends to be quite complementary to a lot of what we do across the business, we are seeing very strong growth, very healthy growth. It’s on the multi-asset class front and in particular the enterprise-wide solutions, where the growth has been a little slower. And as we’ve talked about in the past, there tends to be some lumpiness there. Although we are having traction in some components of it, namely areas that are driven by some of our strong partnerships and continued traction in some of the broader solutions that we have, I would underscore and this is important to note and it doesn’t show up in the analytics numbers, that analytics continues to be a key strategic driver and growth driver for other business, namely in our Factor Indexes, as you know, but also going forward in areas like ESG and climate. The – some of the risk and reporting capabilities that we have in analytics are underscoring and underlying some of those solutions that we’re seeing strong growth in.
Andy Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. Toni, it’s an important question for us. And as we’ve talked about in the past, we’re in a mode of continuing to invest in the business to drive growth. And we’ve gone to our upturn playbook this year, as you know, given the strong performance, and importantly, also the strong operating environment that you see. And so that’s something that we will continue to do as we see the opportunities and the enormous demand that Henry and Baer talked about in their prepared remarks today. And so when you look at the areas where we are investing and we will continue to invest, it’s the areas that are the key growth drivers for us in key strategic areas. So by product segment, you can see outsized growth in the ESG and climate; EBITDA expenses, you see it in index EBITDA expenses. As you know, these are key growth drivers of both revenue and profits for the firm. When you look at where we’re investing across functional lines that’s heavily into data and technology research and the product teams, particularly product teams supporting ESG and index; and then across investment areas, it’s the index platform – the new index platform that we’re developing; it’s the ESG platform that Baer alluded to, our investment thesis indexes, ESG technology and data; and more broadly, we are continuing to lay the foundation for continued growth and supporting opportunities into the future. On the All Other line, there is a lot of noise in there. So given the integration that’s taking place, given some of the transaction-related expenses, the margin is a little – the margin comment that I made is a little bit not necessarily a good reflection of what to expect going forward. That’s just a reflection of all the moving pieces we expect next year. And clearly, Private Assets, particularly from an inorganic standpoint is a focus area for us and a big investment area. But for us, as a firm, it continues to be – and this is where you see the EBITDA expense growth that’s across ESG and climate and indexes primarily.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So Manav, on the tax and free – and primarily as it relates to free cash flow because that’s where it shows up most notably, we – I think like a lot of companies right now and like many in the industry, we’re monitoring the very dynamic environment for tax regime and tax policies. And as you know, there are potential changes on the horizon globally. And so as we continue to do that, we are trying to optimize our tax footprint and ensure it’s aligned with the operations of the company, and importantly, against that dynamic tax environment. And in this case, some of the actions that we’ve taken are accelerating income and tax payments into Q3 and Q4 of this year that are higher than we anticipated originally. And so we’ve got the $110 million or so of elevated tax payments coming in this year. And expectation is that will lead to lower tax payments in future years. And so the place that shows up this year is really in the free cash flow line. And that’s the only reason why our free cash flow guidance has come down. Actually, collections remain very strong across the business. DSO is strong. And as you know, revenue and business growth continue to be very strong. And so really, the only change on the free cash flow side is to reflect those accelerated tax payments that we made a little bit in Q3 and mostly expecting in Q4 here. On the margin comment for RCA, that is related to 2022. So we wanted to provide a little bit more color to you given all the moving pieces related to the integration some of the transaction-related expenses, which will trickle into next year, and then the combination of the two businesses, our core Real Estate business combining with RCA. And so on an annualized basis next year, we’re anticipating a margin in the mid-teens-type range. That’s not the case for the fourth quarter of this year, just to be clear.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So – yes, let me give you some color – a little bit more color on the activity beyond what we’ve announced and what we mentioned, and I can try to provide a bit more color on the areas that we’re focused on. So in addition to the RCA transaction and supporting Burgiss on their acquisition of Caissa, which we were heavily involved in, throughout the year, we have made a couple of small investments in highly strategic partners. We’ve also made one very small acquisition in the private asset data space that closed very recently. And so in the case of the investments, these are companies where we do have partnerships and who have important either commercial relationships for us or have unique datasets that we’re using and combining to unlock and create value. And so those are the types of things that we are going to continue to do. We are going to be very active and as we have talked about in the past, the MP&A space. But we will continue to be very disciplined and focused on areas that are strategically critical for us and areas where we are confident that we can create growth and ultimately value. And so not surprisingly, the areas where we are heavily focused are areas like ESG and climate, areas like private assets. These are areas where having unique datasets and access to unique datasets, are key competitive advantages and speed-to-market are very important for us. And so we will continue to focus on MP&A around those areas.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. Sure. So as of right now, we really don’t expect it to have a material impact, and that’s based on the anticipated standard setting activities that we are following. We are finalizing the exact impact there and we will update you as appropriate. But as of right now, you should assume no material impact on that front. Maybe it’s helpful if I just take a step back and underscore some of the moving pieces on RCA more broadly. But I know I mentioned a number of these in the prepared remarks, but I will provide a little bit more color here just so we are on the same page. On the revenue side, we added $74 million of run rate as of September 30th. There was about $3.4 million of revenue from RCA in the third quarter. On the expense side, I will break it down into three pieces, and I think this is a good way to think about it. On the adjusted EBITDA expense front, we are adding about $19 million of expenses this year. About $3.6 million of that was incurred in the third quarter. And I would also highlight that within that $19 million, there is a few million of transaction-related expenses, mainly in areas like retention. The second category on the expense side is on D&A, where we are adding about $10 million of intangible amortization to this year, and a small amount of that was in the third quarter. And the large majority of that is the intangible amortization associated with the purchase accounting. And then the last category is in OpEx. And there is about another $7 million of transaction-related expenses that we have excluded from adjusted EBITDA. And these are in areas like deal fees, professional fees, severance. And about $5.5 million of that $7 million was in the third quarter. And so when you look at the shifts in guidance for the year, you can see we took expense – adjusted EBITDA expense guidance up by about $20 million, which mirrors the $19 million of EBITDA expenses I just mentioned. And then if you layer on top of that $19 million, the $10 million of D&A and then the $7 million of excluded transaction expenses, it gets you to the vicinity of $35 million, which is what the increase to OpEx guidance was. And so the shifts in expense guidance were wholly related to RCA. And as I underscore, there is going to continue to be a number of moving pieces, some ongoing integration expenses. And so when you put the combined businesses together, we are looking at a margin on an annualized basis closer to the mid-teens for next year.
Andy Wiechmann: No. No, this was purely – the comments purely related to the lumpiness of one-time sales in nature, where we have had a few quarters now of pretty strong one-time sales. And this most recent quarter, the third quarter, was our highest ever. And so there is just a little bit of – based on the pipeline we see right now, tends – we are expecting a little bit of a drop off in Q4 here, likely to be more in line with the average levels we have seen over the last couple of years.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. For the RCA business, run rate is probably a pretty good indicator of the revenue coming from RCA. As you know, in our core real estate business, there tends to be the seasonality where we do have a good chunk of the business that’s tied to deliveries. And so we do get some seasonality in that side of the business. But for RCA, it’s much more traditional subscription model. And so run rate is probably a decent indicator of the revenue that we are expecting from it.
Baer Pettit: Hi, Toni, it’s Baer here. So for sure, we think that what we’ve brought to market here is – look, it’s always tough to say unique because we live in a competitive world, but we’re not aware of a lot of competitors in this space at this stage. So I think we’re pretty pleased that we’ve come out with this initial product working with Burgiss. We also have plans to expand a lot of our current rating infrastructure for ESG into private markets and are looking forward to making progress in that area in the year ahead. So I think we have a lot of components here that I would say are differentiated and we hope will continue to be differentiated in the market ahead. Equally, we’re never complacent. And when you look at both the areas of private markets analytics generally and climate and ESG, those are clearly areas where competition is growing dramatically. And so it’s our intention to both invest in order to stay ahead, and we’re confident we could do so. But we will have to see how that market develops because it’s very early days, and we’re just committed to investing to make sure we maintain leadership.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Hi Ashish. So look, we are going through our operating plan now for the coming year. And for sure, the delivery – the pivot in our delivery is very much towards those platforms. So, we mentioned Climate Lab earlier, and that is being built out on that infrastructure as well as some of our existing analytics portfolio aggregation capabilities and all the new index capabilities that are also being built out in that way. So – and as we have previously mentioned, the data distribution solutions that we are putting on the web are also in this common infrastructure. So, the way that I would say it is pretty much all new solutions will be built on this common infrastructure. And that doesn’t mean that we will be there entirely overnight. But I think that it both means an improvement in user experience in the coming years and also efficiencies because we are not duplicating the separate application developments that we did historically. So, I think we are on a good path. We will continue to bring out things as we did this quarter and the quarters ahead, and we will keep you apprised of what I think will continue to be positive developments in that area.
Baer Pettit: Yes. Look, so we are very positive on all those fronts. So, first of all, the client response has been extremely positive both from MSCI and RCA clients and shows our commitment to investing in real estate. From – I would say from an operational point of view, we – there have been no surprises in a positive sense. So, we have – I think we are going to be on a pretty strong path of integration. There is a lot of common understanding related to the data and across both the MSCI Real Estate and RCA. So, that is making progress. And then for sure, we have a lot of interesting opportunities to create new products. I mean clearly, it’s early days. But our new Head of Real Estate Research was a former IPD person who then went to RCA and now has come back to MSCI via this route. So, we are really excited by the common capabilities that we can build. And I am sure we will be showing new things of that in the coming year.
Baer Pettit: Yes. So look, I think this is an area which is developed for many years. So, it’s not a new area for us, but the demand and the complexity of the demand has increased, and that is a huge opportunity for us. So, whereas historically, we had relatively straightforward customization requests, which might be to exclude a sector or a country or what have you, now we have an enormous variety of requests, including optimizations, different asset classes combined, going beyond even securities. We are clearly looking at some crypto categories, as we have mentioned before. So, there is an enormous amount of demand. There is increasing complexity, which is a good thing, but we need to invest to ensure that we can deliver for that. And look, I would say that the retention is not really the issue in the sense that we have great retention in cross index in any case. And I don’t think the retention in custom indexes is dramatically different. The real upside is in the top line growth. And so that’s what we are investing for. And it goes across all client types. It’s – whether it be on the sell side, whether it be for asset owners or asset managers, the demand is coming from all those client types. And so we are very excited about the opportunities, and we have to make sure that we have the infrastructure to deliver on.
Henry Fernandez: Let me add to that, if you don’t mind. As you may remember, in the lead-up to our Investor Day, we obviously had analyzed extensively the tremendous opportunities that we see and the demand that we see for our products and services, which has actually accelerated quite significantly since then. But we wanted to be – to have a sanity check. We wanted to make sure that the owners of this company and the shareholders gave us their perspective on what they thought we should be doing given what we saw in the marketplace. And the answer was a resounding vote of confidence in the opportunities. They sold them the same way. They added a few more, like they encourage us extensively on ESG data, which we have worked hard on since then. And that it would be a remiss, it would be almost irresponsible not to invest heavily in those big growth areas that we see coming. So that was a very strong indication and by – a strong vote of confidence and speaking part of the vast majority of our shareholders. So clearly, we need to balance all of those wishes, ours and our shareholders, with continued financial discipline of earnings growth and profitability year-in and year-out and the ones we begin to lose that, that’s always a problem. And therefore, that’s when we came up with the concept of very modest, at best, margin expansion over the next few years.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So, I think the first thing to always remember that the analytics product line is really a grouping of a number of other sub-segments, which we define them into four categories and each one of those into even further categories. The four categories are equity analytics or equity portfolio management analytics; fixed income portfolio management analytics; multi-asset class front-end portfolio management and then what we call internally enterprise risk performance, which is the central sort of enterprise risk of many asset owners and other managers. So, in those four categories, clearly the majority of the run rate is in the last one, which is the enterprise risk and performance. And what we are trying to do is in addition to continuing to serve the needs – the multi-asset class risk management needs of our clients in a central risk function, we are trying to pivot our strategy towards the portfolio management side in equities, in fixed income and in multi-asset class. And so far, this strategy is working. The fixed income part, although from a small base, grew 80% in the last quarter. And the equity – our portfolio management analytics part grew double digits as well. And so did the multi-asset class, but from largely the sales that were done prior to the quarter. So, that’s – so the pivoting is in addition to selling multi-asset class risk solutions to cost centers, which are basically the risk management offices – the central risk management offices. We want to sell portfolio management solutions to the profit centers that are in the front-end of our clients. And the latter is especially good for us because that’s where a lot of our ESG and climate and a lot of our index activities revolve around. So, that’s the process that we are trying to do in this concept.
Henry Fernandez: Well, we – as many of you know, we – the Hong Kong exchange has launched the MSCI A50 Connect futures back last Monday – the Monday of last week, so it’s been seven-or-so trading days or so. And so far, it has been the most successful futures contract launched in MSCI history and I think in Hong Kong exchange’s history. The trading volume over that seven-day period has been $1.5 billion trading volume, and the open interest is approaching $400 million. So, it bodes well for the futures success of that contract. In addition to that, around the same time, four asset managers in Mainland China launched ETFs on the A50 – MSCI A50 index. And as of last night, the total assets that they both offer of them have gathered in their launches has been in excess of $4 billion. So, those are also very, very successful ETF launches that we – that our clients have done. And therefore, what we are trying to do is build an ecosystem inside – in Hong Kong and inside Mainland China between futures and the ETFs and the structured products. So, we are now working hard in getting clients to license the index for ETFs in Hong Kong and also developing the structural product market around this product of the A50. So, so far, so good. Now, we do have a few other ideas that we are working on, and we constantly do so to see what else can we be launching not only in Asia but in Europe or in the U.S. with our partners. You obviously saw the announcement that we made with the Cboe in Chicago about the expansion of the relationship on MSCI index options, and another family of industry is being launched there. So, we are putting a lot of faith that, that will also continue the development of this area for us.
Henry Fernandez: Thank you for joining us today. As you can see and hear from the numbers and the commentary, we continue to have enormous opportunities in front of us at MSCI. And we will continue our triple-crown investment philosophy to meet that demand from our clients and maintain our leadership. So, thank you for your attention and your support, and we will be able to take questions during the quarter. And obviously, see you next call.
