Toni Kaplan: Thank you. The retention rate stepped down a little bit this quarter but the new sales were very strong, especially in ESG and Analytics. And I think that's the opposite of what I would have expected just in the current environment. So you mentioned, restructuring within client businesses, just wondering if you're seeing that continue into the third quarter, and just any sort of extra color on the drivers of retention and new sales that you were seeing this quarter and if those are continuing. Thanks.
Toni Kaplan: That's very helpful. And hopefully on a brighter note, could you give some additional color on the strategic alliance with Microsoft? Is there a way to quantify…
Toni Kaplan: I know you talked about quicker speed to market on some new product development. And so any sort of quantification would be helpful. Thank you.
Baer Pettit: Hi, Toni, Baer here. So look, I think that the sales numbers reflect the positive actions that we were able to take in the quarter and the fact that we were really up – able to get up and running very strongly and continue our client outreach activities, et cetera. So clearly, the pipeline for some of the items is – it was longer. So I'm not suggesting that business was all originated within this quarter or the tail end of the previous one. But overall, the – we found that we really had a pretty strong quarter for sales activity and we continue to see that and we're pretty pleased about it. So when we look at the cancels, as we've mentioned a bit earlier in our comments the – a certain amount of those were more related to the current environment as perhaps you had thought, notably a little bit on the – notably on the hedge fund side with small or medium hedge funds and a few other categories. But the sort of restructuring of client business that we allude to were typically longer-term things. There were a few cases of both sell-side and asset manager clients, removing themselves from certain lines of business. And those things were not necessarily things that had occurred because of COVID or short-term market circumstances unlike the hedge funds. There were some structural cases. One example was a sell-side firm that had reduced a lot of its activities in equities and similar things of that kind that were happening over time. And then additionally, as always there are a few – there's a – I would say, those were the larger percentage and a smaller percentage of normal competitive type of things. So looking forward, I would say that our – there are two things which are a little bit in contradiction to each other but not entirely. The first is based on our current view of the pipeline, we do not have strong evidence that cancels will continue in a bad direction. We don't have that evidence but I just want to reinforce that point. Equally, in view of the extraordinary circumstances we're in, which include the fact that the pandemic is certainly not over unfortunately in the United States. And while it appears somewhat better in other parts of the world it could recur. And the macroeconomic indicators are clearly very poor and a number of these sort of supporting – the macroeconomic support for individuals and companies will cease towards the tail end of the year. So those things mean that we continue to reiterate what we said last quarter that we expect that the cancels will likely continue to be a challenge but we don't know where that will come from at this stage. We're just being cautious in view of the environment. So that's kind of a little bit of a summary for you there.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So look, by the way, the brighter note also did include sales, right just to reiterate that. We were pretty happy about the outcome. And in view of how we – with the extraordinary changes we went through during the quarter, we really do view that as a positive. So look on Microsoft, I'm very excited. Spent a fair amount of my personal time on this along with Jigar Thakkar, our CTO. So there's both – the element, if you want to call the mechanical element of the cloud migration, there's enormous amounts of things that Microsoft can do with us in terms of creating efficiency and speed to market, notably in our DevOps, which are on different standards because of history across the company, where we are already seeing in certain categories that we're just bringing software to market much more quickly than we were even six months ago, because this relationship with Microsoft has already started in a few areas such as that. We also think they can do help us a lot on our internal what people typically call corporate technology, where there's a lot of efficiencies we can gain. And then additionally two more categories, one is with ESG. We think there's some really interesting things there in view of Microsoft's global touch with corporations and the huge focus that corporations have on ESG. And then finally with advanced technologies, which by the way one area we're using a lot of those advanced technologies such as AI natural language processing, et cetera is in ESG, but also in other data operations we think that they can bring a lot of value. So it's really a holistic thing. We've -- these discussions have been going on for quite some time and we're delighted with the outcome. And we think this will be a great deal for MSCI and a great partnership with Microsoft.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Okay. So just carrying on from my previous observations. So look one major theme in this is creating both innovation and efficiency across MSCI. So because of the various -- the history of some of the acquisitions that we've done over time, we've had -- we have a lot of different applications in front of clients and those -- we're seeing a path where we're creating much greater commonality in the underpinnings of those both in our data environment where we've already made a lot of progress in the last few years, but we think we can make even more progress going forward. In our client applications where I think the look and feel of the client experience with MSCI technology in, let's say, even a year from now let alone two or three years will be much more uniform, much more standard and much more user-friendly. We're also -- so data is the first one. The client experience is the other. And then I think as I said, the third one is in terms of the way that we operate internally. All of our processes which link from the client through the client coverage organization through to finance -- those are also an area where we see a lot of efficiency coming. So just as we said a number of years ago going back even four or five years ago that the One MSCI story was both a client-focused story and I think we've shown that by the unified segments, we've started to create with ESG and with factors. So I think we're on a kind of a second wave of that going forward and technology is a huge enabler of that. 
Baer Pettit: Yes. So, the pattern of the sales has been pretty consistent. So, we continue to have -- heavily focused on the ratings data area. That's the really main driver of the sales. The area where we continue to see a pickup is in climate. And I would say that the discussions in climate they have increased very -- fairly significantly in the last six months including during -- with all client types. And so all those things take a little bit of time to come through and become more material. But I would say that the main story remains the broad one of going deeper and broader with clients. And look the one element that I would highlight that is probably -- first of all, we had a very large sell-side deal during the course of the quarter. And I would say generally the discussions that we're having are going more broadly with the sell side as well as the -- traditionally the asset managers and the asset owners. And that in turn is -- and I know you mentioned that it was mostly on the subscriptions that I'm -- that you asked a question about but I do think it's important to note that that is also heavily linked to the various financial products be they structured products ETFs where you saw that we continued to have a lot of issuance. Because in turn those people who deal with the -- with those -- with creating those products in turn they need more data and they need all of that for their infrastructure and sometimes for creating their own ratings as well. So, that's kind of the pattern that we're seeing and very broad and across the board. And I would say still primarily heavily in the Americas and in Europe but we're putting more focus on Asia and putting more client coverage resources there. And we hope that we'll see more coming from there in the second half of the year. 
Baer Pettit: Yeah. So look, I think there's one sort of, if you like, mechanical challenge we've had. We've been somewhat understaffed in Real Estate client coverage. We've now almost entirely remedied that. And those people take a while to come on board and be trained, et cetera. I think we may still have one open head count for Real Estate sales, but we're pretty much now got all those people on board. Most of them have -- not entirely all of them are out selling yet, but most of them have transitioned into productive roles. So, for sure, we would hope that on the sales side, that would be the major change that would create positive movement there. I think the retention rate is, I think, really a positive reflection of the enormous efforts that the Real Estate team has made in the last year, reaching out to clients. And we've actually had, I think, a pretty good quarter overall for, let's say, our research and thought leadership outreach to clients. Research -- Real Estate did a particularly excellent job with many client panels, so an MSCI research person and a client and a lot of interest in all of that. So, I think that the general client satisfaction that we're seeing in Real Estate is reflected in the retention rate. So, look, we'll see. Clearly in this environment, Real Estate as an asset class could be challenged a bit. But I think they're quite different drivers. One is more longer term. The retention rate is more longer term efforts, and the soundness of the business. And then the other one was a little bit just short staffing in sales. And then finally, there was just a little bit more technically the -- we had a slight drop in the revenue was due to some timing of deliveries and some FX stuff. But that's a little more of a marginal point-in-time thing.
Baer Pettit: Yes. The other point I would add to that is that the direct indexing opportunity actually does involve benchmarks not like it doesn't need them. And additionally, the -- typically the people who are involved need a lot of other MSCI tools. So we were actually looking at some very interesting opportunities. As Henry said, we're in the portfolio -- we're helping people build better portfolios. And precisely the type of people involved in this are heavily quantitative, use a lot of different models, use a lot of different portfolio software. So we don't really view it as a threat to Index that we typically view it as also a big opportunity in other firm.
Baer Pettit: Yes. So I think -- so Henry was fairly comprehensive there. So just a few maybe other slight ways to sort of skin the cat as it were. So the first one is -- well actually first is an overriding observation and Henry alluded to this, but we are extremely disciplined in looking through all the expected returns on all of our investments. And at the beginning of this period when we briefly slowed down some of them and paused at the beginning of this crisis, we actually kind of refreshed and reexamined the premises of all those things which we had not yet started investing in. And so I think we're pretty confident about our process and trying to be cold-blooded at looking at the return profile. The three big buckets if you think about it functionally are in client coverage, in the product areas for typically new feature functions and in technology. I alluded to some of those technology things earlier as it relates to the Microsoft partnership and some of the earlier comments, I made about technology. And those in turn have a fairly large overlap with analytics in particular where we think we can drive more sales through both a greater efficiency, speed to market and some of the additional content that Henry alluded to such as fixed income that we discussed earlier and other analytics. In turn, we're making significant investments in the Index infrastructure and building what we're -- internally, we have kind of a jargon for it which is Index 2.0, which is a new world of client experience for Index including, again, in this context, linking it to what we said earlier, when we talked about direct indexing, when we talk about helping clients, build better portfolios. It's that whole infrastructure of customized indexes, complex indexes like -- such as, thematics and all of that. Clearly, ESG is a critical category, and we continue to invest in ESG both technology and content. And so those are some of the big buckets across the board, and look clearly we don't have a crystal ball. But we're very -- I think fairly confident about at least the process we've been through to ensure that we're allocating capital to what we believe will be hopefully strong returning investments.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So the -- in terms of our Plan segments, we traditionally have been very strong in pension funds, clearly all forms of asset managers, long-only and long/short asset managers and banks and broker-dealers. So we want to expand further with the banks and the broker-dealers, especially, on the heels of all these listed futures and options to help them create a large variety -- to license our indices to create a large variety of structured products and OTC -- swaps and OTC options and the like. On insurance companies we have been in the past a bit challenged in penetrating insurance companies for their own principal account not necessarily only their asset managers, but their own principal accounts because we were not as strong in fixed income in our portfolio management. And as you know, insurance companies have a very large percentage of their assets in fixed income products. As we have been launching fixed income risk models, fixed income indices with ESG overlays and factor overlays and the like that presents a significant opportunity for us to expand into life insurance companies as well as with our Real Estate product line. On corporates, the big impetus right now is ESG. We already are collecting a meaningful amount of data from corporates in terms of their disclosures about ESG and specifically on climate change, which we send back to them to review and analyze. So there's an ongoing series of operational relationships that we're developing with them. And we're now looking to sell them data sets for ESG for them to understand their own ratings and compare themselves to each of the other participants in their industry on ESG and on climate change. Eventually this partnership with Microsoft will be in another direction to see if we can create a bit of a data platform that will benefit corporates and investors alike.
Henry Fernandez: I think it's the same. No difference in the pattern at this point. The source of additional revenues or additional sales that's coming from price versus volume continues to be the same mix, so nothing really new to report there.
Henry Fernandez: Yeah. So, we're very excited about our significant foray into fixed income portfolio management, analytics and index. And notice that, I say, portfolio management, because we traditionally have been fairly strong in fixed income risk and fixed income performance attribution for the middle office, the central risk management office of many of our clients. The areas that we see a lot of opportunities are to begin with, is fixed income indices, but not in the traditional sense of issuance-weighted or market cap-weighted indices, but more with an overlay of ESG on those fixed income indices and factors or a combination of ESG and factors. And that's an area that we just launched a wide variety of indices in the last, say, six -- eight, nine months. And there is a good pipeline of licenses for them in ETFs and other passive products and structured products and the like. So, I think that -- obviously that takes time to build up into a large revenue source, but we're very excited about that. We're also very excited about the fixed income analytics, particularly the new generation of factor models that we have launched in fixed income, which obviously feed into the factor indices and fixed income. And that's an area that we're putting quite a lot of effort. Also liquidity metrics has been a big driver of sales in Analytics and that has always a fixed income component associated with it. Lastly, fixed income analytics itself, not only content, in terms of the models, the factor models, but also on the workflow tools and the like. So, that's another area. We think that clearly, a company like MSCI, with the footprint that we have and the client base that we have, not to be one of the largest providers of fixed income analytics tools and indices in the world is not great. We think that there is, therefore, quite a lot of runway in that direction.
Henry Fernandez: Look, it's -- Chris -- and we now have Chris. I'm sorry to Bill that -- I thought it was Chris asking the question earlier, but it was Bill. So look I think the answer is the same which is, whether it's direct indexing or whether it's self-indexing or whether it's third-party indexing like, COS. At the end the overriding philosophy of MSCI is that, we're not in the business of creating indices. We're in the business of helping our clients build better portfolios which happens to be with our branded proprietary indices. But if the direction is going to be that they want to build a lot of their own indices to build their own portfolios, we will rent our entire infrastructure to be able for them to achieve the same purpose of building portfolios. And the -- and therefore there is a wide variety of clients that if they wanted to do that they're more than happy to rent the entire infrastructure. We probably will make more money renting the entire infrastructure than just licensing the end product that comes out of that infrastructure. So I don't -- we don't see that as a threat. We actually see that as a big opportunity. And we have a number of clients already that they're doing that and we've been actually pushing other clients in that direction, but it's slow going. Baer, you have some more comments on that as well? Baer, I think you're muted. 
Henry Fernandez: And by the way one of the things that we're beginning to embark upon is the next generation of our what we call the index factory going back to the technological transformation that we talked about earlier is, how do we create an index factory that lends itself to all sorts of use cases similar to the one we're just talking about in helping our clients build better portfolios through indices.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So they are -- there are two parts if you want to think about it of the -- or three parts of the Microsoft partnership. The first part is clearly moving our -- all of our production and production environment and delivery to the cloud starting with Index and Analytics, and then subsequently going to other product lines. So that's going to be -- that's definitely cost-neutral to cost savings. With the caveat though, and I'm glad you're asking that question with the caveat that over the next two to three years, there will be a switch from capital expenditures and amortization to operating expenses, because obviously we'll be paying Microsoft what will be for us operating expenses, and we will not be investing in our server data centers and all the technology associated with that, right? So that's cost-neutral to cost savings. The second part is -- of the Microsoft is their ability to help us build new products, such as client-facing technology, as an example in order to drive more volume and more production into our processes. And in addition to that obviously the use of newer technologies to capture data like AI and natural language processing and machine learning to capture data for models for data capture for ESG, for example and for production quality in our Index factor. And the third part is clearly the intent to be able to work together on an ESG platform.
Henry Fernandez: Well, the second and the third will have their own business plans with them. But obviously, the revenue associated with that will need to surpass quite a lot the expenses. It will be subjected to the what we call the Triple-Crown investment criteria that we have inside MSCI, which is very high risk-adjusted returns; secondly, short paybacks; and then three, in areas of our business that have high multiples. 
Henry Fernandez: It's about 15% higher than last year and it's exactly the same dollar amount as we had at the beginning of the year. What did change was some minor adjustments in the focus. We de-emphasized certain products in the second quarter in certain areas in order to put the money in other areas that were more relevant given COVID and could give us a higher return and a faster payback.
Henry Fernandez: The -- that's definitely much better economics for sure. Secondly, none of it has yet hit the run rate and the P&L. They'll start this current quarter. And then three, it's mostly volume-driven with some minimum fees in case the volume goes through certain thresholds. And in addition to that obviously, it's not only the 37 futures and options contract, but obviously the desire to launch more, particularly the ability at some point to launch MSCI China A futures and options in Hong Kong.
Henry Fernandez: Well, it's too early to tell. And obviously it's still early in our discussions. But the -- we both recognize and are very keen on understanding not only ESG, but climate change and how do we connect basically providers of capitals and users of capital into a platform that they can both use to understand the data that can be supplied by companies and be used by investors and the models and the ratings and all of that. So -- but again, its early days, so I don't want to give the impression that any of this is cooked or anything like that. And we'll be reporting more as the discussions go on, but there is a very strong intent on both sides to try to work something out. 
Henry Fernandez: So, once again, thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in MSCI. A lot of great questions that you had for us and I hope we're able to answer them as best as we can. And obviously, don't hesitate to reach out to us if we have -- you have other questions or comments about what we could be doing better. I hope we all stay safe and have a great rest of the summer. And we look forward to updating you for our third quarter earnings call in October. Operator, this concludes our call today.
Linda Huber: Sure Alex. As you noted we've done a pretty good job of expense management. We have been able to do a number of things including maintaining the investments that we're planning to make in the company at about $140 million. And everything that we've talked about on the call today is already baked into the expense forecast. So, nothing is incremental. Part of this will hinge on how the rest of the year looks and that's why we're leaving a range that might be a little bit toward the wider side and performance has been pretty solid given everything that we're facing. So, we continue to be very selective about hiring. We continue to be very focused on our expense base. T&E of course is reduced sort of around $2 million a quarter given that we're largely staying in place right now. So, I think we'll keep that range and we'll see how the back half of the year comes together. But we feel pretty good about everything that we've done and the way the business is running right now. 
Linda Huber: Sure. The most important part of this is, we've been as we said very, very selective with hiring. And you can probably see that the balance of our employees are still very much located in emerging markets versus developed markets. So we're managing everything very closely. And in addition to the headcount which still generally has to run through Baer and Henry to be approved for hiring, we are thinking about discretionary expenditures on consulting fees projects things like that. So with all of that, we've been able to manage our expenses pretty flat to the same quarter last year which has been a pretty great achievement. At the same time we're focusing very hard on our cash flow. You'll note that we've been able to move our cash flow guidance up toward the high end of the range which is a really good thing. That's dependent on the tax rate being lower as we talked about in guidance. And then, also the fact that we're doing particularly well with our collections, we're being very careful about our working capital and our collections. So that's been very, very helpful. So hopefully that gives you enough color, but we're quite proud of what we've been able to do on expense management particularly this quarter. 
Linda Huber: Henry, just a second, we wanted to do a few housekeeping matters before we ended the call. A number of you had asked some questions about the below-the-line items. So, just before we close, we wanted to note that interest expense was slightly higher in our second quarter by $2.2 million for the duplicate costs of our old 2025 notes and our new 2031 notes for 30 days, while we waited out the redemption period. And we have maintained interest expense guidance for the rest of the year. On interest income, we just like everybody to take a look at the fact that in a low interest rate environment, we're earning less on our cash balances than we had before. That's -- right now per quarter, we're earning about $1 million per year maybe a bit less. And in the previous quarters that's been a bit higher. So everyone should take a look at interest expense and interest income. The other questions we got were on the tax rate. And our 17.3% tax rate for the quarter was largely due to that loss on the debt extinguishment, which you can see in Note 10 of our financials. Secondly, we had a higher income tax benefit related to some equity awards which vested. And third, we had a favorable mix of earnings. So everybody can take a look at that. Also, I wanted to call everyone's attention to our increased dividend of $0.68, it has now been increased. And we'd just like to make sure that everyone models that correctly going forward to the $0.78 which was set yesterday. So with that, I think we'll turn it back over to Henry.
