Andy Wiechmann: So a few observations here. Firstly, I would remind you, and I think you know this, sales and cancels can both be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. I would say that we haven't seen a deterioration in conditions. And I would say the sales in Q2 were solid, as you pointed out. I would also say that we haven't seen an inflection yet. Overall, we still see pressures on clients. We still see the longer sales cycle. So we would expect the lumpiness in sales and cancels to continue here. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Q3 can be a seasonally softer quarter for us. But as we've highlighted before, sustained momentum in equity markets is helpful to overall buying dynamics, although the impact on our subscription sales and op metrics more generally tends to lag the markets. I would highlight that we are seeing strong client engagement across the globe and we see it across most product areas and client segments. I think both the momentum in the equity markets and the strong client engagement should eventually lead to some momentum on the sales front. And so we're encouraged here but we remain cautious and expect some continued lumpiness.
Andy Wiechmann: And maybe if I could just touch on the second part of that question, Manav, about the economics. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the partnership has resulted in a significant contribution to new recurring sales in Q2. Unfortunately, I can't give more specifics. But I would highlight that we haven't seen any notable changes to the segment trends that we've been seeing in recent quarters.
Andy Wiechmann: Ashish, a number of questions there. I'll try to touch on several of them. I would say -- and I think you alluded to this, if we focus on the Index subscription growth rate, we are seeing the slowdown now from softer recurring net new over the last few quarters, which is a reflection of the tougher environment and the pressures that we've talked about, although I would highlight that we are seeing resilience and momentum based on the second quarter results, which I think reinforces the long term opportunity for us. And if we double click on what's driving the growth and the outsized areas of growth across the Index franchise, I think it's similar to the drivers that we've seen in recent quarters. So we saw 8% growth in our market cap modules. But as you highlighted, 17% growth in our custom and special packages, which is a reflection of this move towards rules based systematic custom or outcome oriented type investing where indexes are a very effective and efficient mechanism to develop those strategies. We're well positioned to benefit there. If we look across client segments, we saw 8% growth with asset managers and more than 11% and 12% growth with wealth managers and asset owners and 24% growth with hedge funds. And so as Henry alluded to, we see tremendous opportunities in large part related to this move towards indexation in many different large client segments. And that trend is continuing and I think a reflection of a long term compelling secular opportunity for us. If we're going to focus on direct indexing, as you alluded to or asked about, I think direct indexing is mainly showing up in the non-ETF passive line for us. It is still very early in its evolution and it's a place where we are, I think, well positioned to help both wealth managers and asset managers that are serving wealth managers with direct indexing solutions to provide them not only the underlying indexes, which is where most of our run rate comes from today and most of our revenue comes from in that non-ETF passive line but also broader solutions that help them on that customization journey at scale. Fabric is an enabler there, our broader Analytics tools like our optimizers and risk models and things like our ESG content and climate content. So we are uniquely positioned to benefit from direct indexing, which I believe is still in its early days and will be a big opportunity longer term.
Andy Wiechmann: So the cash flow performance has been strong for us. It was strong in the second quarter. I think we've benefited from both high collections compared to a year ago and lower cash tax payments. I would highlight on the guidance front that there are a lot of factors that can impact free cash flow. Everything from billings and collections across both subscription and ABF. Obviously, a higher ABF environment does help us, although ABF, we tend to bill on a lag. And then cash expenses and cash tax payments can swing quite a bit. We're only halfway through the year. And we are continually focused on driving strong free cash flow growth and strong free cash flow conversion, but I would highlight that it can swing quarter-to-quarter.
Andy Wiechmann: So Heather, I would say we are not focused on and we don't target a specific margin expansion or margin level. What we are continually doing is balancing investing for the long term while driving attractive profitability and free cash flow growth. And so that is the calibration that we are continually focused on and driving. I would highlight the comments that I made in the prepared remarks here where as you alluded to, AUM levels have been running higher than what underlied our guidance in previous quarters. And we've assumed for the current guidance that AUM levels increased slightly from the 6/30 balances. And if AUMs track above that, we will likely be at the high end of our expense guidance ranges. We would use the higher growth to invest in key areas in the business as we have in the past and those key areas tend to cut across the big growth frontiers that we're talking about. And so from a solutions standpoint, very focused on the custom index front and that's a broad topic involving everything from technology to researchers to go to market. We do have investments in the climate front. There are a number of opportunities across private assets and private capital that we are investing in. And so we are laser focused on continuing to drive these long term growth drivers while at the same time continuing to squeeze to run the business expenses and identify efficiencies in the business. But it's a [constant] calibration for us and we are calibrating based on not only AUM levels but overall business performance, outlook and financial dynamics more generally and we'll keep you posted on that.
Andy Wiechmann: So I would say we've seen a continuation of the dynamics that we've been seeing in recent quarters. There haven't been major changes to the trends that you've been seeing and we've been seeing. I think we highlighted this, but from a regional standpoint segment -- within the segment run rate growth in the Americas was about 9%, is about 17% in EMEA and 20% in APAC, which is generally in line with what we saw last quarter. And the themes that we're seeing in each of the regions is fairly consistent with what we've seen in the past. In the U.S., we're still seeing investors take a more measured pace on how they're integrating ESG. That's causing longer sales cycles and more deliberate purchasing decisions. In EMEA, we do see opportunities, as you alluded to, in areas like regulations. So we've had some early wins with things like CSRD and EBA Pillar 3. But regulation at the same time is creating some complexity and confusion as it cuts across many different objectives from financial materiality to do no harm to specific climate objectives. And so that is resulting in some hesitancy for many clients. And then in Asia, we are seeing solid engagement and it feels like Asia is earlier in its adoption of ESG. And so very similar trends to what we've seen in the past. I would highlight that the industry pressures that impact all parts of the business are probably more impactful within the ESG and Climate segments where we serve such a wide range of client types and use cases, and users that there probably are similar nice-to-have type use cases that will get impacted more significantly from environmental pressures. We expect these dynamics to persist in the short term but we remain encouraged by the long-term dynamics here. And so as I alluded to, areas like regulation are compelling opportunities and we've seen some early wins, but also opportunities in some of the new offering areas that Baer highlighted around our asset level physical risk and nature data sets, our offering with the GeoSpatial Explorer is quite exciting, very early days, but these are things that continue to add value to our clients. And on top of that, we still see climate as a very dynamic area that has tremendous opportunities across not only new solution sets but client segments for us. And so as Henry alluded to, opening up opportunities in areas like banks, insurance companies, corporates directly, even opportunities with GPs. And so there are a wide range of opportunities we are excited about in the long term, but in the short term, no change in the dynamics and we expect it to continue in the short term.
Andy Wiechmann: So I would say -- and you've noticed this in the results of the last several quarters, we've seen some good momentum. So we're seeing strong client engagement across many different parts of our analytical tools. There's probably some benefit from the environment driving an intense focus on investment risk and credit risk and liquidity risk and we are a leader on all fronts, and so that definitely has been helpful to us in certain areas. The performance is also driven in part by the enhancements and innovations that we've continued to deliver. So we've been seeing traction with our Insights offering, which delivers our risk analytics through a modern data architecture with enhanced visualization. And as you know, we've now integrated AI capabilities into that and that's an area where we do see strong client engagement, and we've seen some traction in enabling new sales for us. We've seen solid sales within our fixed income offering and see opportunities -- continue to see opportunities there. And we continue to see strong momentum with our equity analytics business or equity risk models, which is something we've highlighted in recent quarters. So a lot of the same drivers we've talked about in the past that has been encouraging. We continue to see opportunities. Although, I will say that it's likely to be lumpy, and some of the pressures that have impacted the broader company are likely to impact Analytics as well.
Andy Wiechmann: We've commented on this in the past. There are several factors that drive the Analytics margin and have driven it higher over the last several years. So one is we have been capitalizing software. And so the level of capitalized software has picked up a bit, which will drive the EBITDA margin. It doesn't impact the operating margin, but does impact the EBITDA margin. Broader expense efficiencies and expense discipline that we have across the company tends to impact the Analytics segment, just given how we do many of our allocations. I would also highlight there are parts of the Analytics business that we have invested less in as well. We've been very strategic and targeted with the parts of Analytics that we have been investing in, but there have been some parts that we have invested less in to allow us to invest in other parts of the company that are very strategic for us. And so all those factors have contributed to the Analytics margin increasing over time. As you can tell by the growth, we do see very compelling opportunities within Analytics that are not only attractive growth opportunities in their own right but they are very strategic for driving growth across the company. And so we do have investment opportunities in Analytics that we will be putting money into and continue to invest in.
Andy Wiechmann: So I would say across the company, the contribution of price increases was slightly smaller than last year, so very consistent with what we said last quarter. We have been slightly moderating our price increases in many places, given the pricing and economic environment, which is very much in line with what we said last quarter. I'd say importantly and I want to underscore this, we are focused on aligning price increase with the value that we are delivering. And so we do factor in the overall pricing environment and client health but we also are focused on ensuring that we're capturing the value for the enhancements that we make to our solutions and our service, and balancing that as well with the long term relationship with our clients. So most of our growth is going to come from existing clients. And so we are very focused on being a strong long term partner to our clients. And that means adding value, that means selling more to them, providing enhanced services to them and that will translate through to enhanced price increases but also translates through to additional services that we can deliver to them. And so we're continually balancing that value with price increases.
Andy Wiechmann: So as I mentioned, 3Q, and I know you're aware of this, Alex, 3Q is typically a softer quarter for us, seasonally softer quarter for us from a sales perspective. Q4 tends to be a seasonally strong quarter for us. I don't want to be too specific or prescriptive about what can happen. As I mentioned, sales and cancels can both be lumpy and we do see some challenging dynamics out there. But as I alluded to earlier, we are seeing strong client engagement. We see opportunities out there. And as we've seen in past cycles, if there is sustained momentum in the equity markets that tends to translate through over time into more favorable buying dynamics for clients. But as I said earlier, we are cautious. We still see some pressures on clients. But overall, we do see opportunities as well.
Henry Fernandez: There are three big buckets in the global investment industry. There are the barbells on both sides. One is rules based systematic index investing, which continues to grow unabated. And on the other hand is very active, concentrated management, which obviously, the ultimate expression of that is private asset class management, private equity, private credit, private real estate, et cetera. But it does include concentrated portfolios, very thematic portfolios and things like that. And in the middle is the largest segment, the more traditional active management diversified widely -- a large number of shares, active management. That segment will continue to grow but at a slower pace than the two other ones and it will go through ups and downs. It will go through challenges and all of that. And we're going through a challenge with that segment right now. And we clearly have been relying on that segment for about 50-plus percent of our subscription revenues but rapidly increasing our penetration on index -- systematic rules based index management, which includes quantitative investing and index investing and all that and on the other hand, very active management, including our foray into private assets. So as we look into the future, I don't see us slowing down in our growth rate because we will definitely penetrate the traditional active management more and more, they're going to rely on us more and more in what they do even though it's an industry that is going through some difficulties right now cyclically. And we will increase our growth significantly in the other two sides, which is systematic rules based investing and private asset class investing.
Henry Fernandez: So thanks for that question, because we're very excited about what we're doing in private assets, in private capital and real assets as we look at the differences between the two of them. So as you know, we announced yesterday the launch of 130 private capital indices, private equity, private debt, private credit, private infrastructure, et cetera. And we already have about 80 or so real property or real asset indices, both at the fund level and at the asset level. So we're very excited about that launch. The technical challenges and opportunities first [come] with the data, access to the data. So MSCI now has access to about $15 trillion worth of underlying data across all private assets. And that is the highest quality data that exists in the plane, because it comes directly from the GP at the request of the LP. So we have that enormous amount of data. So the private capital indices that we announced yesterday are built on about $11 trillion of that $15 trillion and the other $3 trillion, $4 trillion, say, is what the other real asset indices are built upon. So it starts with that. Then secondly is the -- your understanding of the investment process and the methodologies that you need to do to create the indices. And we've written the book about index construction and index methodologies throughout the last 50 or so years. So there is no question that we're an expert on that. And the third technical challenge is, do you have the distribution associated with that in terms of the asset owners and the asset managers, the allocators and the managers of assets. And we have 1,200 people at MSCI calling on pretty much every one of those clients around the world. So that is important. I think a key part of this thing is obviously as well independent, people want to see their indices and other tools come from an independent source. And obviously, MSCI has excelled in that in terms of quality and in terms of independence and in terms of a robust and transparent methodology, et cetera. So we feel pretty confident that we will be the leader in all aspects of private assets from the data to the tools. And the tools include the benchmark indices, the performance attribution, the risk models, liquidity, evaluated prices, portfolio construction, asset allocation, et cetera, et cetera. And that's what we're setting out to do with the completion of the Burgiss acquisition on top of the RCA acquisition and on top of our position in Real Assets before that, we feel pretty good about where we are.
Henry Fernandez: So there are -- on the benchmark themselves, there are two sources of value to us. The first one is the sales themselves in benchmarking for LPs and GPs in the various subsectors -- or I should say, the various asset classes within private assets. One of the biggest providers of private credit in the world that I met with recently said, I needed benchmark to be able to get more assets from both the institutional LPs and the wealth management part. So that will create revenue opportunities. We haven't yet created a dimension of how much that will be and the timing of that, but that's clearly one area. The second one and probably even bigger area is that if we become -- by becoming the leading provider of private asset class benchmarks, it puts us right in the center of the ecosystem of the LPs and the GPs and the underlying assets that they invest in. And in that center stage inside the tent, so to speak, then we're able to then expand from there to provide performance attribution models, risk management models, liquidity models, valuation models, obviously, asset allocation models and all of that. And of course, it will put [Technical Difficulty] key position to provide the underlying data as well, but that's part of, the benchmark sales. And therefore, it puts us in an enormously advantageous position. And that's what we've done throughout our 50 plus year history, that's why we expanded since I created the company 30 years ago, and we built it upon the market cap indices created by the Capital Group and Morgan Stanley. So we're very excited about what we can do in the overall private capital, private asset investing in the world. Obviously, all of this is totally alluding to transparency, to understanding what you bought, to understanding the risk -- the sources of risk and return on what you got and to create a seamless understanding of asset allocation across private assets and public assets. So a unit of risk in a building, in a bridge or in private credit or in a venture capital company can be identified easily and compare easily with a unit of risk in a public company and a public bond or in a hedge fund. So that's what we're going after.
Henry Fernandez: So as you heard in our commentary, we're intensely focused on executing our grand strategy and compounding growth quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year and that's what we do. We're not an entity, as you know well, that flares up and flares down. We are consistently executing and executing. And there'll be some quarters that are going to be very strong relative to expectations, some of the quarters that are going to be weaker. But the longer trend horizon of this company is extremely powerful compounding of growth and compounding on profitability. We're very excited by the very large growth opportunities in front of us as you heard in the commentary and answers to your questions and are encouraged by a very high level of client engagement that is typically a leading indicator of sales in the future. So we look forward to engaging with all of you over the next few months. And thank you again for joining us and I hope you all enjoy the summer and take some time off.
