Kathleen A. Winters: Hi, Alex. Thanks for the question. Yeah. So, overall, if you look at the total sales numbers, really nice performance I think for the quarter, but when you look at Analytics, yeah, I would say that's where we're seeing some challenges is the quarter. It is a challenging environment right now. And as you probably know in Analytics, sales can be a little lumpy in that segment. But what we're seeing is that we're seeing banks continuing to be under cost pressure, hedge funds underperforming. So it's a little bit of a challenging environment right now. But that said, we look at the pipeline, and the pipeline is very solid. Deals are taking a little bit longer to close, but we do feel like that pipeline continues to remain solid. And we'll be working to execute on that.
Kathleen A. Winters: No. We're not seeing anything with regard to any of the pricing that we've done, causing any cancels or anything like that.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. We are looking at potential additional financing. And we might lever up a little bit higher than the stated range. I wouldn't expect that it would be significantly higher. And I expect that you'd see a pretty quick delevering if you just consider our strong business model and our cash flows. I think we'd delever pretty quickly from there. But again, it would be a pretty slight increase above the stated range.
Kathleen A. Winters: Sure, I can do that. So maybe I'll step back a little bit and just give you my perspective after being here, not quite three months now. I think it would help to kind of catch my response in that way. So as I said, I've been here almost three months now and as you would expect I've spent most of that time, right, just learning the MSCI model and the organization. And I've been very impressed with the people in the organization, the assets and the really very attractive business model that we have. So I look at this opportunity and say, well, how can I help to take this franchise to the next level. And one of the ways that I can do that is to look at the metrics that we use to run the business and the financial management to run the business. So I'm really looking at reinforcing the rigor with which we make capital decisions and building out the analytics. In particular I think we can do a lot of good work around analytics, around our clients and in the product areas. And there's is a lot of system work that we are in the process of doing, so continuing to implement that system work to enable us to do those analytics to really make the best decisions.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. And I would just – maybe to add to that and concur that we feel comfortable on those long-term margin targets, but a little more color just specifically to your question on All Other and to remind you that we've got a real seasonality impact going on when you look at first half versus second half with regard to real estate within our All Other segment. So, that seasonality impact influences it, as well.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, from a savings perspective, if you look at expenses year-over-year, that's basically driving a large part of where the savings come from. And when you think about investment, really across all areas, investing in our product segments, in research, in our coverage organization, and in technology, so it's really doing that smart investing looking across each of the areas and saying, what smart investments can we do to drive future growth. So I think, it's pretty much across the board.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So as Henry said, the philosophy is not to take the investment out of margin, but to really drive hard on productivity and to think about that every day and to find the opportunities to drive productivity, so we can fund that investment.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. We'll be working through our 2017 expense guidance as we go through our annual budget process. So, at that point in time, I think we'd be prepared to give you better color on that.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. And this is pretty consistent with what we've done in the past, right. As leverage came down, we then look to lever up again, right? We were at 3.7 times after we did the debt offering in August 2015. And then, as you can see, we brought the leverage ratio right back down again after that.
Kathleen A. Winters: And Keith, that business was a very small business as part of our portfolio, quite immaterial in the scheme of things.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, as all of you know, when you look at the entire franchise of MSCI, we're extremely happy and pleased of where we are in all the components of that franchise – the major components of that franchise. And the exception is in fixed income analytics, on both counts, on our desire to continue to be a leader on the strength of fixed income commonalities in the context of multi-asset class analytics, i.e., the component of fixed income in multi-asset class analytics, and then secondly to be a much bigger participant in providing fixed income analytics for fixed income portfolio managers around the world. So with that, we are doing a few things. We are meaningfully investing organically in fixed income analytics, particularly as it relates to some of the changes that are going on in that sector of the industry that provide cash and provide great opportunities for us to do things organically. And then secondly, we are always evaluating the M&A market for these kinds of assets and evaluating them on the basis of what they can do for us. Can they really fit into what we do or not and then decide if it's a good deployment of capital. Regardless of what we do or don't do in any M&A environment, we are extremely focused on – if we deploy capital, getting the rates of return on the capital that we are – that we put to ourselves and with our board. So this is a focus – very much of a focus area clearly for the company as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, and our team to continue to develop it.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, first of all, interestingly enough, one of our strongest regions of the world in Analytics sales and retention rates has been EMEA in the last couple of quarters. So that would be contrary to what a lot of people would have expected. And we've done that on the strength of the management team, the sales team in EMEA and very deep engagement with our clients. The softness that we have seen recently was more in Asia-Pacific on the heels of the uncertainties around the Chinese market and the like and a bit of softness recently in the U.S. So what happened also in the quarter was that Analytics sales tend to be very lumpy in the quarter and the second attribute of Analytics sales is that they tend to be very back-ended in the quarter, meaning, the last two weeks of the quarter, typically represent a meaningful percentage of sales. So therefore, given the way Brexit happened which was a week or so before the end of the quarter, quite a lot of our European clients were distracted understanding Brexit and what it meant for them and all of that and therefore the signature that we needed in their contracts did not happen and it was pushed off by a week or so. So therefore, that's a little bit of what you see in the impact on sales. But the pipeline has remained the same. There is not any meaningful items that have been taken out of the pipeline because of Brexit. We're almost like a business as usual after Brexit with respect to the Analytics clients in EMEA and around the world. And we haven't yet seen any meaningful uptick in interest or desire because of Brexit. So it's almost like business as usual, with the only caveat that – in EMEA, right, with the only caveat that distraction that took place one week before the end of the quarter moved the line of certain contracts that we were expecting to close.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think we would expect those to close in the third quarter and the like, now, that's all we are. That's also all sort of encompassed or encapsulated in the also overall context of EMEA, and what the impact that Brexit is having on the banks as an example and obviously some of our sales to banks as you all know well, there is quite a lot of turmoil with some of the German banks, the Italian banks and the like. And therefore, that is yet to be determined what impact if any it has on our sales in that segment in this current quarter. Now, we don't only sell to banks, we sell to asset managers and hedge funds and asset owners, et cetera in EMEA, but obviously, we're closely monitoring what ultimate impact on purchase invitations by banks, how will they be affected by the consequences of Brexit and the volatility that we have seen in the banks.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, look, I think, we've tried not – it's very hard to manage through margins, right? We manage through revenues and through EBITDA expenses and capital expenditures. And obviously, with respect to the capital optimization, we do everything we can to reduce the tax rate and the share count, if appropriate, right? So therefore, now, we clearly overshot a little bit with respect to all the margins, right, in the company, and everything went well. But it was understandable because given the volatility – and the huge volatility that you remember took place in the first quarter, we slowed down the pace of hiring and investing in the first quarter, given that we didn't know whether it was going to – we were entering a bear market or whether it was just a nasty correction, which is – it ended up being a nasty correction. And therefore, that hiring machine takes a little bit of time to reenergize. So that affected the second quarter. We are looking to increase the pace of hiring and investing gradually in the second half of the year, not dramatically. Now, with respect to margins, we continue to be very, very comfortable on the longer-term margin targets that we have outlined in the past as a company as a whole, 50% or so. And with respect to the Index business, that's 68% to 72%. The Analytics business in the low to mid-30%s, and the All Other category, which is pretty high now relative to what our targets are, which is 15% to 20%. The issue with the Other segment is we have an expanding margin business in ESG, but it does require investment in order to make it grow at these levels. And then we have the restructuring that is going on in real estate. So we clearly already got to very, very close if not surpassed the levels of margins that we had projected for the longer term, but then you will see a moderation of that, but we are very comfortable in the longer term targets.
Henry A. Fernandez: And importantly, we are purely in indexes is about factor investing. There are other areas, but we clearly are putting a lot of effort there in investing. In Analytics, it's about the new fixed income analytics and the new interface. In ESG and in real estate, it's across the board. And in terms of savings, I just want to emphasize, given the last few years of MSCI, that the – whenever we talk about investing, we are really determined to self-fund this investment plan and not take them out of the target margins, profit margins that we have. And, therefore, we will continue to be extremely focused on looking at our entire cost base and creating efficiencies out of that, reassigning resources, or redeploying resources in order to match them with the best opportunities, and so on and so forth. So, a lot of this talk about investing is – I wanted to be very clear that it's not a philosophy to knock down margins or anything like that at this point. The margin expansion that took place recently was because we had slowed down a bit on that self-funding investment plan, and obviously, we want to correct a bit of that in the second half.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. If I understand your question correctly, let me try to answer it in the following way. There is no question that the client base of a company like MSCI is going through some significant challenges from banks in their own balance sheets, from asset management units of banks, wealth management units of banks. So as you know, when banks get into difficulty and they start cutting, it goes across the board, regardless of whether they have great divisions or not, right? So hedge funds are underperforming, so they're pulling in a bit. Active managers are getting hit by passive and smart beta and the like, but we are seeing other opportunities. The non-bank wealth managers around the world are in growth plan. The asset owners are building internal capabilities, in-sourcing asset management. They need a lot of help with our tools. There are geographies around the world that are being very good to us like Canada and parts of the U.S. as well and so on and so forth. So I mean, we have a fairly diversified business. The other thing that is critically important is that we obviously have a bet on bull's-eye, so we have a bet of passive managers and that has done well. And if anything is expanding dramatically from market beta to a smart beta, to ESG beta so to speak and thematic beta, so we're capturing that significant opportunity. And we're also helping in whichever way we can the active managers deal with all these changes and the dialog with them is incredible, because they need us more than ever in that whole process. So, we got a fairly wide and diversified product line that – and our franchise is increasing dramatically. I mean the dialog we have with the C level of our clients today compared to a year ago or two years ago or three years ago or four years ago is exponentially bigger, and they are looking for answers, they are looking for solutions, they are looking for ways to – for them to launch new products and increase revenues and create their own operational efficiencies and meet regulatory demands and all of that. So our franchise is great and really great in all this, but in the context of clearly a challenging end client – a changing end client environment we're very optimistic that we can continue to grow at this levels. Clearly, we would like to accelerate them if we can, but it's – we were where we want to be in this whole thing.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, Chris, it's actually driven by the market conditions in the high yield market. They are exceptionally strong for actuaries (57:50) like ours. As you know, there is always a big flight to quality in that market. Rates have come down and spreads have been – are attractive. There is a significant appetite for high quality paper like ours that gives them higher yields on sovereign bonds around the world. So, we are extremely opportunistic. We don't have to do anything. But if the right conditions are there, we will want to do it. And that's why Kathleen commented that, if we get exceptional demand, if we go to the market which is not clear, but if we see exceptional demand at fairly low yields, we may want to do a bit more than we would normally do, and therefore, maybe go a bit higher than 3.5 times leverage. But that's what is driving us in order to relever to the desired levels. And then the flip side of it is, okay, what are you going to do with the proceeds? And I think it's the same as always, organic growth, which is already funded by the current cash flows, it will be buybacks, and if there are opportunities in the M&A market, we will do that. But we're not doing this, because we are gearing ourselves to do any acquisition, it's just being opportunistic.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think, a big part of this thing is we want to deliver on the promise that we have made which is, we said we will be 3 times to 3.5 times gross leverage. If we delever, we want to get back into that range. We clearly want to do it opportunistically, not automatically. If yields were really high, we'd want to wait to do that, but if the yields are attractive, we want to get back to there, and therefore be a consistent communicator of our policies and messages.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. I think the comps that we're talking about in the Analytics is just simply we focus intensely on the head count there on the projects and which areas, so we ended up – the team in Analytics ended up reprioritizing projects, reprioritizing head count where the head count should be located and that had a impact in compensation expense, not individual, clearly compensation. So, it was a big effort in continuing to make sure that all of our expenses in Analytics, including the head count, is completely focused on the right projects that have the highest capital return, the highest impact and the like, and not be involved in a lot of other things that may have much longer payback or lower payback. So, that's a big effort of what we did. And that has allowed us to increase the margin and at the same time, fund new initiatives, including this fixed income analytics initiative which we're not planning to – when we started with the budget at the beginning of the year, we had not put that into our budget and the opportunity came up given the changes in that space, and we are self-funding that increase in investment in fixed income analytics out of all those efficiencies.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. It's a relatively small business within real estate, right, it's in real estate and relatively small. But importantly, it was a business whose client base were corporate in which we were helping them optimize their facilities footprint. And we remain extremely focused on MSCI in which we say, our client base are institutional investors and their advisors, and not sort of the corporate. If it is a corporate, the pension fund of a corporate, for example, the treasury of a corporate. And therefore, we have no business being in that part of the space. So, we therefore decided that that segment of the product line in real state was better off housed in another organization that will buy it that will then make better use of it.
Henry A. Fernandez: The non-recurring revenue. Yeah. So, we have very much focused on every dollar of revenue. There was a little bit of bias in the past of focusing on only recurring revenue and not as much as what we call one-time revenue, which is actually most of the revenue for everyone else in the world. So, we reenergized our goals and objectives with the coverage team to make sure that sure that we were focused on every dollar or every pound, every euro of revenue anywhere else in the world. And therefore, this has resulted on higher, what we call, one-time or non-recurring revenues in the company. They are very lumpy, obviously. So of course, we'll be more – some quarters will be less and the like. But there is a significant effort to ensure that we get everything that is worth for our financial model.
