Baer Pettit: Manav, it's Baer here. Maybe before I turn it over to Andy, I just wanted to make a clarifying point. The downturn playbook relates more to a series of financial actions that we take in order to be prudent and to ensure that we don't provide any negative surprises to our shareholders. So it doesn't – it's not conducive necessarily in a strict sense to us seeing any sort of negatives in our pipeline or what's happening. It's just that in view of clearly the market beta effects and how that affects our ABF revenues and that can be seen, and all of you can measure that. But I think more broadly, we're not seeing anything particularly negative. I hope that was reflected in our prepared remarks. But I'll just also turn it over to Andy to speak a little bit more specifically about those measures we're taking to be financially prudent.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So Alex, first of all, as you well know, we're a global franchise. So I think the debate you're referring to is primarily in the United States and is not really happening to the same degree in other geographies. And then I think the second point, which is much more important is, you need facts and information to engage in that debate, right? So I think the point that I also have made repeatedly on this topic in the past is what people cannot afford to do is ignore the topic. There may be certain parties who I think are in a minority or a small minority, depending on where you are, who feel that this is in quotes, not a good use of their time, but even they need the – they need data and information to make their case on. And I think the key part of this franchise is that all parts of the debate need information to make judgements and I think that that benefits us across the board.
Baer Pettit: The custom indexes have been a structural long term growth driver for the index for some time. And I hope I'm not speaking out of school, but the data is pretty clear in my head, that the growth rate has always been pretty healthy. But the healthy growth rate such as the one that we had in the past quarter, my definition is coming always off a higher base, right? So it is a long term story. It's still a very strong trend. And we're seeing first of all, that the demand for complexity with different types of content even, different asset classes which we hope to do more of has increased, so that plays to our strengths. But also we're seeing that this demand, which was a – going back in time, chiefly institutional is spreading increasingly to wealth management and notably, we're investing in direct indexing, as I mentioned in my comments. So we think that the combination of institutional demand, general financial products demand and the rising demand for direct indexing and wealth will continue to provide a lot of momentum to this area for us.
Baer Pettit: Sure. I'm happy to take that. So just as a reminder, we are regulated in the EU – under the EU BMR actually currently through the FCA in the UK. So that's something of some standing, so we're familiar with that. There's the – so just continuing on index regulation, there have been greater interest in this topic from regulators in the United States. I won't speculate on where that will end up or the direction of it, but clearly the interest of regulators in the United States has picked up. But I'm confident that in whatever direction that goes, the manner that we operate, the quality, the transparency the separation of powers between editorial and commercial, all those things, I think we're very well prepared for it. In ESG also, as a reminder, we are a registered investment advisor in the U.S., and we're not the LLC that owns ESG ratings. That clearly has been an area that has not been heavily regulated for us historically. It may be further regulated in the future and there's also a lot of initiatives, Europe related ESG regulation. And I'd make the same observation, while what we are – we always work on the assumption that someone may come and regulate us. And so the quality of what we do, the transparency of what we do is foremost in our mind. That’s how we’re operating in our ESG ratings. And we’re confident if we do so, we continue to invest and ensure the highest quality that if regulation comes, we may well benefit from it because of the high standards we have.
Baer Pettit: So look, I’ll make a few observations, and then turn it over to Andy if he wants to comment on the margin or not. So look, as regards to the main question, I think it’s all of the above and more of the same, right? I think it’s the same as last quarter in a positive sense. 50% of our sales in the quarter were from new clients, new clients to this product line and then that’ll be new clients to the firm. So I think in terms of both the range of what we are selling, the client types, the number of new clients, everything looks really healthy. So rather than speculate as to what rate will – how long it will go on, the way I would say it is we have no suggestion that what – that this – that what occurred this quarter that will have any no less good a quarter, next quarter as we had done in the previous quarter. So I just feel like we’re in a strong position with this product line. And if that were to no longer be the case, we would communicate it, but we’re really doing well now. So Andy, I don’t know if you want to comment on the margin at all or...
Baer Pettit: Craig, you may be muted. Yes. I can’t hear you, Craig. Maybe we can move to the next caller and then come back to Craig. He’s having a technical problem.
Baer Pettit: Yes. So look, I would say that our philosophy on pricing is very consistent, which is that we always try to be as firm as we can without giving our clients the impression that we’re being too aggressive. So I think that we’ve managed to put in sort of a slightly above average increase in our index sort of a regular price increase, but it’s not notably different. We’re very focused right now on ensuring, as we have been for a number of years, that we have – we’re getting the right value out of Analytics, and that could be reflected in some of the numbers here. And in terms of clearly the big growth drivers in ESG and Climate, those are fairly young products as it were. So it’s mostly coming from new clients and new products rather than price increases. But I would say that as a general observation leading to – linked to your observation about the state of our clients, we’re not hearing negative noise about that. And – but we are conscious that we look work in a competitive environment and that we always have, as I said, an outset, a philosophy in balancing economic strength with not pushing our clients too far.
Baer Pettit: Look, I’ll be very brief. I think we’re working with them on a number of areas. We’ve clearly had alluded to some of the climate work that we’re doing. That’s been a big focus of ours, because this demand is coming through for increasingly from private asset clients. So there’s also general work going on between our private asset data teams in order to figure out how we can create greater benefits in combined products going beyond some of the ESG and climate work that we’re doing. So I hope as we get into the second half of the year, we’ll be able to expand on that a bit more for you.
Baer Pettit: Yes. Look, I think we’re very happy with the relationship. I’ve personally been involved in a number of calls with them in the last quarter. I think that as you can see from other aspects of our Futures franchise. These things are a virtuous circle that kind of volume and liquidity and open interest to get one another. I think we’re happy with where we are. We’ve got some other things that we’re discussing with them. So I think we’re in a good place. And we believe that looking across our – the broader numbers in our Futures & Options franchise, which you saw this quarter, there’s still a lot of upside across the board with all of our exchange partners, including Hong Kong.
Baer Pettit: Yes. And I’d just make an additional observation on top of what Andy said. This cross-product line team, two observations. This is how we’re operating more and more across MSCI, using the phrase one MSCI we’ve used in the past. And in particular, in Fixed Income, the expertise we have across the firm is really coalescing that team had – across all products and functions at an off-site literally in the last week. So I think there’s a lot of momentum behind what we’re doing. And it’s sometimes tricky reporting as a public company across different product lines. So we’ll continue to try to provide you guys with as much transparency as we can there.
Baer Pettit: Yes. So look, as Andy mentioned before, we are close to speculate or to be – to about the exact direction of what will happen with markets and products, particularly in this environment. But we’ve – as I mentioned in my comments, growth in ESG and Climate category of indexes has been very attractive. Even in this tough market, we continue to be in conversations with many key clients about launching new products. So I think we – the direction of travel continues to be what it has been. And we have nothing to suggest so far that there is a lack of interest in this type of products. I don’t know, Andy, if you have anything to add to that in terms of numbers or…
Baer Pettit: Sure. Great question. So first of all, I’m delighted that Christina has joined us. And I think we’re at an inflection point or we’re probably past an inflection point, where MSCI needs to reach out to our clients in the broader markets, moving beyond our traditional strengths of what I would call direct sales and client service. And Christina has an outstanding background to help us in that regard. And I’m very confident that she will put her leadership footprint on this area, and we’ll be happy to talk about that in the quarters ahead.
Baer Pettit: So thank you all for joining us on the call today and your continued interest in MSCI. As you heard, it’s times like these that really underscore the resilience of MSCI’s all-weather franchise. We not only continue to see strong demand for our solutions, but we also have tremendous opportunities in front of us. We remain excited about the momentum we are building and the investments we’re making. And we look forward to seeing and engaging with all of you in the coming months. Thank you very much.
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah. To Baer’s point, this was the actions that we're taking are related to the pullback in ABF revenues. We mentioned last quarter that if AUM stayed at current levels at the time or deteriorated further, we would likely go to our downturn playbook from the end of Q1 to the end of Q2, we saw AUM levels drop about $200 billion or 14%. And as I mentioned, our guidance at the time, assumed markets remained fairly flat. And so as a result, we're turning to our downturn playbook. Just to give you some color on some of the levers that we've been flexing here. We are moderating the pace of headcount growth on a very targeted basis. And so we are prioritizing our key investment areas to continue investing in, but other areas we are slowing down the pace of growth. We're also identifying efficiencies in less critical areas. We are selectively flexing down some of our discretionary non-comp areas around areas like professional fees. Obviously you're aware we are getting some meaningful FX benefits, which feed into the lower expenses as well. And then it is worth noting, we are projecting a slightly lower comp accrual relative to our original forecast. But to Baer's point, I do want to highlight that our business remains healthy, client buying behavior remains generally healthy despite the lower ETF, AUM levels. And it's important to keep in mind that we have a global diversified all-weather franchise with a very strong subscription growth and retention rate here.
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah. So I mean, part of the rationale for raising the term loan, the additional $350 million was to give us dry powder. We want to continue to be nimble on the share repurchase front. We think there are opportunities to get our shares attractive values, but we also want to have some dry powder for bolt-on MP&A. And so we've started to see some repricing in private companies. I would say generally, especially in the spaces we operate, they haven't adjusted to the levels of public companies. And so we do think there could be some continued compression in private company values. There's also a degree of time, related to private company owners adjusting to the new norm before they decide to sell. And so we do think if this market volatility persists in the market, public company valuations remain low. In the coming quarters, there could be some opportunities that we want to be poised to capitalize on. And as always we're focused on strategic accelerators, as Baer said, focused on our core investment areas like ESG and private assets, and fixed income and the areas of unique content that will enhance our existing franchise.
Andy Wiechmann: Yeah. Hey Alex, good morning. Look, honestly, we really haven't seen any sort of mark change from the beginning to the end of the quarter. We actually had a very strong end of the quarter in terms of closing business. We've started the present quarter as we would hope to do so, as far as we can see at present, we have no information to suggest things are turning into a negative direction. Look, it's a choppy environment and things could change, but as of today we have no empirical evidence that things are trending in a worse direction.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. I don’t want to be more prescriptive than the commentary that I made and you alluded to. But in our trajectory of spending, we make assumptions about the market. And as I alluded to, we’ve assumed that the market levels remain relatively flat to where they are today to slightly improve. And so that’s kind of the environment that we based our spending assumptions are then feed into our EBITDA expense and operating expense guidance.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. You can do a little bit of the math yourself, just seeing what’s happened for the first six months of the year and average AUM balances there, with that color that I just provided. I don’t want to provide more specific assumptions around AUM flows or fees or any of those factors, which we typically don’t comment on.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. We’re not committing to margins. I did make the comment in my prepared remarks that we are targeting or we believe our margin for the year will be in the high 50s, which is aligned with our long-term targets. The margin can fluctuate quite a bit based on a number of factors, including big moves in AUM, FX rate fluctuations, other one-off items. So it’s not a guidance or target, but we are looking at the margin being in the high 50s for the year, which is worth noting. And if you look at the expense guidance, it does imply that our expenses are picking up slightly in Q3 and Q4 relative to what we saw in Q2.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. Obviously, we don’t give margin targets by segment, but I would say that within the ESG and Climate, our focus is really on driving top line growth, not margin expansion. And so we’re not targeting for the margin to expand from current levels. We’re really trying to invest to continue to fuel that growth that you’re asking about across so many different dimensions. So the client segment dimensions, the asset class dimensions, the solutions dimensions and then really, really accelerating our growth in Climate, which we think is going to be a massive opportunity. And so our goal right now is leadership and growth. It’s not on margin expansion within the segment. I would highlight that longer-term, the nature of what we do in ESG and Climate is similar to what we do across many other product areas, which is we develop IP and we sell it many different – to many different clients for many different use cases across many different applications. And so it inherently does have attractive operating leverage, but we’re really reinvesting that operating leverage in growth and investment.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. Yes. So we’re focused as much on the run rate growth, which was 7.4%, which is still not quite where we want it to be. We do believe this is a high single-digit growth segment for us, but definitely higher than the revenue growth. There tends to be some noise around revenue growth related to timing of implementations, revenue recognition around contracts. Just consistent with what we’ve discussed in the past, there is lumpiness. I would say the encouraging thing for us on Analytics is the strength in the quarter was aligned with our strategic areas of focus within Analytics. So we saw a strong equity portfolio management growth of high-single digits. We continue to see elevated growth within our fixed income portfolio management tools. And we continue to get or we started to get some traction around ERP, which is the area that’s had lower growth in the past. So we got a nice boost from our 18f reporting solution to support a new regulation going into effect in August. We got traction, as we highlighted with Climate Lab Enterprise sales, which are booked within our Analytics segment or partially booked within our Analytics segment. And we also are getting traction with our partnership approach, which is accelerated by some of the investments and advancements we’ve made on the ISaaS front. And so it’s not where we want it to be, but we do think we’ve got the right strategy and hope to continue the momentum, although I would say, it will be lumpy. It’s also worth highlighting that in addition to the strategic benefits that Analytics gives to the rest of the organization, Analytics has also been a nice source of operating leverage, which you can see from the results this quarter, which is really helping to fund investment in other parts of the company.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. It’s – I know it’s an area that probably a lot of folks missed or underestimated. I would say, it can be on the order of magnitude of a few million dollars, depending on how significant the market moves are. I would mention that, depending on what happens with the markets, we could see this dynamic at play in our revenue in Q3 as well, with similar adjustments as we start to receive the Q2 AUM balances from our clients.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. Craig, I don’t think we’ve provided those metrics recently. I would say that there are a couple of ways to think about our Fixed Income business. We’ve got the direct fixed income solutions that we provide for the fixed income investment process, and those cut across Index with our Fixed Income Indexes, which is largely on the heels of our partnerships that we have with many other major index providers, fixed income index providers or ESG solutions, which are increasingly being incorporated into the fixed income investment process. And then our Analytics solutions, which I alluded to earlier has been a nice area of growth for us in Analytics. It is worth noting, we also have a meaningful Fixed Income capability that serves multi-asset class use cases. As part of our multi-asset class tools and our enterprise risk and performance, obviously, a big part of our clients’ portfolio is – their enterprise-wide portfolio is fixed income. And so we have capabilities there that are critical to supporting the growth and the position in those businesses as well. And so it cuts across a number of dimensions, but it is – especially the one – the parts serving the front office and that fixed income investment process, we are seeing very strong growth.
Andy Wiechmann: Yes. So let me actually provide a little bit more color there. So as you alluded to, I mentioned there was some noise on the revenue side, where our revenue in real assets, firstly, has a relatively large exposure to non-USD currencies. And so the strong dollar, particularly relative to the pound, generated some revenue headwinds from an FX standpoint. Additionally, within our legacy real estate business, for some of our offerings, we’ve been transitioning our clients to a service model where we recognize revenue evenly throughout the year versus, if you remember in the past, we had a good chunk of revenue where we recognized our revenue upon delivery of a service. And a good chunk of the revenue would be recognized in the second quarter, which is when we would do a number of the deliveries. And so from a year-over-year comparison standpoint, as we’ve migrated many clients to the – even subscription model through the year, you see some headwinds in the growth. But more generally, I think we’re committed to the long-term targets that we’ve put out there at the high teens level, and we continue to be bullish about the prospects across our legacy business, the RCA business as well as the combined organization.
Andy Wiechmann: No. No, I think you hit the key themes there. I think that’s right. We continue to see momentum and strong appetite as Baer has highlighted across the category. There are cyclical dynamics feeding into some of the flows, particularly within ETFs. And so it’s something that we’re not too concerned about looking out longer term.
Russell Quelch: Yes. Thanks, guys. So I just want to go back to the ESG and Climate business on the back of what Alex was saying. And I noted that the new subscription sales growth has been strong again this quarter. Wondered if you could talk to what’s driving this? Is it the upsell of new products? Or is it new customer penetration sort of leveraging traditional products? And also sort of how sustainable is the current level of sales growth? Do you think that the speed of the margin expansion in this business will slow? And what the sort of long-term margin target for this business might be? Thanks.
Russell Quelch: Okay. Good stuff. And then sorry, just as a follow-up. In respect to the Analytics business, the run rate there is still circa 5% and never a pickup. I wondered if you could talk in a bit of detail about what’s being done to improve that. Thanks.
Russell Quelch: Yes, sorry. Just in the Analytics business, the run rate, it’s still growing at around about 5%. There’s never a pickup in the run rate growth. So I just wanted to know what’s being done to improve that. Thanks.
