Henry Fernandez: Thank you, Jeremy. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us. In the third quarter, MSCI delivered impressive results in an uncertain environment. Among other highlights, we achieved adjusted EPS growth of over 21%, total revenue growth of 12%, recurring subscription run rate growth of 12% and a retention rate of 95.4%. Amid turmoil in global markets, rising geopolitical tensions and a challenging operating environment are highly diversified by all weather franchise continues to drive strong financial performance. We recognize that in this uncertain environment, our capital allocation decisions are more important than ever. In the first nine months of this year, we returned $459 million to the owners of MSCI in the form of share repurchases and more than $329 million in the form of dividends. This signals our confidence in MSCI's long-term prospects and our commitment to be a compounder for shareholders. We're also committed to prioritizing high growth and high potential investments while maintaining high levels of profitability. We recently capitalized on two opportunistic strategic acquisitions. With the completed acquisition of Burgiss, MSCI can now provide additional clarity and transparency, highly needed by investors across private and public assets in their portfolios. Over the past 36 years, Burgiss has created greater private asset transparency while serving institutional investors such as special funds, endowments, foundations and family offices. Combined with our private real estate franchise, MSCI now has the world's largest highest quality private asset class database, covering more than $60 trillion of assets. We believe, we now have a unique and a strong foundation of data and analytics to build standards such as benchmark indices, performance, risk, liquidity, pricing and asset allocation models and other tools. In effect, our goal is to develop the MSCI of private assets. As for MSCI's announced acquisition of Trove Research, Trove is a world-renowned source of intelligence on the voluntary carbon market. We believe this market will play a significant role in helping institutional investors and companies reduce climate risk. All markets drive on reliable, uniform standards and robust transparency. As the world pushes for net zero emissions, investors need to understand whether companies are making real progress and how they are using carbon credits. Likewise, companies need to understand the value of the credits they are buying and selling. By integrating the data, analytics and capabilities of Trove with our own comprehensive climate solutions, MSCI will have a robust suite of tools to promote clarity and consistency in the voluntary carbon market. Both of these acquisitions, Burgiss and Trove, advanced MSCI's larger business strategy and mission of providing tools for the investment world to systemically understand and measure performance and risk, which leads to more optimal asset allocation and portfolio construction. We aim to capture major trends across the investment landscape, including the continued allocations to private assets and the growing incorporation of climate as a material driver in the repricing of securities and the reallocation of capital. Our product lines are increasingly interconnected, which means our work in private assets reinforces our work in climate and vice versa. For example, together with Burgiss, we previously developed a tool that offers climate data on around 50,000 private companies and more than 6,000 private equity and private debt funds. In summary, MSCI continues to benefit from our resilient business model underpinned by rigorous financial management and a strong secular tailwinds. From our recurring revenue business model to our mission critical solutions, we believe MSCI remains well-positioned in any operating environment. And with that, let me turn the call over to Baer.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So to look on -- in your first question about capital allocation, needless to say, we've talked a great deal about this in the past. We are always obsessed with asset allocation at MSCI. We believe that capital allocation is what gives you long-term compounding growth of a business, and it is the day-to-day capital allocation decisions that you make that ultimately aggregate to a great financial model and a great compounder over time. So that's an area that we're very focused on. And it is in two respects. One is the internal capital allocation of where we put our money with respect to organic investments, and we follow what we call the triple crown methodology, which we've talked about in the past. And then there is the "external" asset allocation, which is what do we do with dividends, with buybacks and with inorganic investments that we pursue. So with respect to the latter category, the "external part", in periods of very bullish environment asset prices are very rich. Investment or inorganic investments are very rich. Acquisitions are in options, people are tripping over each other. They bid up the properties, and you end up significantly overpaying. So in periods like that, we tend to stay -- we stay out. We have done the RCA acquisition was in the middle of our average period. But we -- in general, we are very financially disciplined about that. So we end up generating a lot of excess cash, and therefore, most of that excess cash flows back to buy back shares. In periods of high uncertainty and high unpredictability, people retrench, people hide, Board of Directors are risk averse and the like and those are periods in which we believe we can make very nice financially disciplined acquisitions and that's what we've seen in the last few months, the Burgiss acquisition, the Trove acquisition and the like. And so we'll continue to see – we'll continue to pursue a small -- relatively small bolt-on acquisitions that will use up a lot of our cash. So therefore -- and the last piece of this thing is financing. Right now, the financing environment is very expensive. We are delevering. We're at 3.1 times, 3.2 times leverage right now in leverage, maybe less. And therefore, we don't have a keen interest in increasing our debt -- our leverage at this point. So therefore, when you combine all of that, it means that we're going to have very limited cash, excess capital for buybacks in the next few quarters. And we will continue to pursue a small bolt-on acquisitions, because the market is attractive for that. And we -- unless we see some in bigger, we're likely not going to lever up at this point given this financing rates. So that's a little bit of our financial strategy overall in capital allocation at this time.
Henry Fernandez: We've always been extremely financially disciplined. And that clearly continues to be more -- we definitely have an ability to take out more cost. That's what we call the downturn playbook that we can put into effect in order to protect profitability in the company. If there is a big downdraft of obviously, equity values and slowdown in subscriptions, our desire, not our ability, but our desire to cut severely the new investments in the company may not be commensurate with the decline in -- with the slowdown in revenues. So we'll have to analyze that trade-off at that point. But for sure, we are committed to high levels of profitability and high levels of impact for investment in good times and in bad times.
Henry Fernandez: So thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And despite the more uncertain and more predictable environment, economically, financially, geopolitically, we continue to benefit from a great all-weather franchise. Our desire is to be a compounder in good times and in bad times. And we're very excited about all the opportunities that we see ahead of us in all of our product lines from index, to analytics, to ESG and climate and now obviously private assets and the opportunities we can unlock with Burgiss and with Trove. We didn't talk much about the voluntary capital markets and the opportunities there, but those will be very significant. So we look forward to updating you in future calls about all of our plans and our progress in all of this. And again, thanks for joining.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Hi, Baer here. So look, for sure, ESG and Climate product investment is central to a lot of our day-to-day activities and looking forward into next year. In both areas, we see significant market opportunities as we've laid out before, and this includes a variety of things, including expansion of the data, certain regional expansions, notably in Asia Pacific for ESG, where we've got a lot of demand for new types of data cards, greater company coverage, et cetera. So I think in ESG, it's a steady story driven also by the hailwinds brought by regulation. Clearly, in EMEA, in Europe, which we've mentioned in the past, but also in other regions increasingly. And then finally, in Climate, we're definitely at the investment phase there across client segments and across different asset classes and increasingly tying into the comments today, there's demand for climate information and solutions in private markets as well. So I think those -- all of those areas are very consistent with our comments from previous quarters. And we'll continue to have a positive impact on the growth story.
Baer Pettit: Yeah. Look, as you know, we love to discuss our competitors specifically in all areas, we avoid that. I would try to say more broadly that I think that we're in a strong position to compete in the core business. We're clearly committed to it. Certain competitors may not be providing exactly the same services that we are in this instance, this competitor was cutting back in an area where we've chosen not to compete, I think, wisely. So I think overall, we're very committed to being a leader in this area, and we're confident that even in a tougher environment, we can continue our leadership position.
Baer Pettit: So Manav, I think where you're talking about the overall sales pipeline at the firm. Am I correctly understanding that? Yes.
Baer Pettit: No, we think it's very healthy. We're very healthy. There's nothing there that would be abnormal of where we are today, allowing for the very uncertain environment for everyone, for our clients and some pressure on them. I still am happy to refer to it as either healthy or solid, right? So clearly, we're not generally here to try to fine-tune that excessively in the context of these calls, but there's certainly nothing there that I would call attention to other than to say it's solid and healthy and maybe pass it over to you, Andy, for the rest.
Baer Pettit: Sure. So maybe on -- there are a few questions in there, but I'll try to tackle them in turn here. So within Climate, it is a distinct offering. There is an overlap, and it is heavily related to our ESG research and ratings, then it feeds into it to varying degrees, depending on the company and the sector, but the solutions we have in climate are distinct. And so we offer a range of solutions that help clients to integrate climate considerations into their investment process, achieve Net Zero goals and overall climate objectives to navigate specific considerations in specific areas, as well as to understand systematically climate risk and how that can impact the performance of a portfolio. I would say climate, and you can tell this by the run rate, which is $98 million across all product lines at MSCI within our ESG and Climate segment it's around $54 million. It is small compared to ESG. And so, we're still very early in the adoption curve of climate tools. Clients are still evolving in their thinking and just beginning to integrate climate and they are really just starting to think about how to navigate everything from regulations to Net Zero objectives that they have. And so we would expect higher growth within Climate relative to ESG, where ESG, we've been providing for quite some time and I think is more established. It's still relatively young compared to other product lines. But it is more penetrated and I'd say more broadly used than ESG. And so we would expect climate to continue to drive outsized growth relative to ESG more broadly. I think you touched on the long-term targets as well. I would say, we haven't made any changes to our long-term targets in any area, including in ESG and Climate. As I was commenting on, we continue to be very excited about the long-term opportunities in both ESG and Climate. And as I alluded to on both fronts, we are still very early in the evolution of these areas, and there continue to be numerous opportunities for us across Client segments, asset classes, geographies, solutions. And so we continue to believe there is a big long-term opportunity in ESG and Climate. There are some cyclical factors at play which are impacting growth in the short term and other dynamics that we've talked about. But overall, we continue to think there is a big long-term opportunity where we are, I believe, quite well prepared to capitalize. I think, I gave some of this color to an earlier question. I think your last question was about ESG versus Climate growth in Q3. And in my prepared remarks, I did touch on that a bit. The ESG growth was around 21%. Within -- this is the subscription run rate growth for ESG was around 21%. This is within our ESG and Climate segment. And within Climate, it was around 45% for the run rate within our ESG and Climate segment associated with our climate tools. I think Baer mentioned the overall run rate for Climate is $98 million, and that was growing closer to 48%. And that cuts across tools in every product segment that we have.
Baer Pettit: Sure. Thank you for the question. Baer here. So what I would frame it is to say we've got three key areas of focus. The front office, both in equities and fixed income, and you saw we had very nice numbers in equities. More content, which includes insights, better coverage of private assets, doing better and being more competitive in fixed income and structured products and climate risk. So those are the key areas we're focused on and I think that we're pleased with, well, I would say we're definitely not happy with the growth number. We think we'd look to continue to be ambitious to see it go up. The retention rate of 95% is also a sign that our clients continue to use our tools in these environments. So we've been very consistent in the story here. I think we continue to have structural improvements in how we deliver the products through better technology, greater integration of our content across different types of analytics. And in keeping with the theme that we've repeated here, our client engagement is excellent, and we have a wide variety of use cases that clients are asking us to solve from going across very large firm use cases to very specific structured products, front office use cases, equity portfolio construction. So it's just a category where with the combination of our investments in content, better technology and better delivery and the expertise that we bring to clients, we hope to continue to have a good directional growth. The only thing I would add just as a slight note of caution is it is an uncertain and amicable environment and client events can occur, but those are often things that we don't control ourselves.
Andrew Wiechmann: Sure, sure. Thanks, Toni. So I would say it's important to firstly underscore that we see a very strong engagement across ESG and Climate as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. And I think it's clear, and you can see this from the retention rate that ESG and Climate are becoming and probably are mission-critical structural parts of the investment process already. And so I'd say the dynamics are pretty consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. We did to your point, see slower growth in the Americas. You know just to put a finer point on that, within the ESG and Climate segment, the growth in the Americas was around 15% versus 35% in EMEA and Europe and 22% in APAC. It's important to underscore that within ESG and climate, EMEA represents close to 50% of the run rate. So the largest region for us is growing at a pretty healthy growth rate of 35%. As I mentioned, sales were fairly flat year-over-year in EMEA and APAC, although they were softer in the Americas year-over-year. I think the dynamics that we're seeing in the US continue to play out where investors are being much more measured on how they integrate ESG and that's resulting in longer sales cycles, more deliberate purchasing decisions relative to what we saw a year plus ago. But I think given the range of users and use cases, as well as the strong engagement and retention rates that you're seeing, we're quite encouraged by the stability we've seen even in the Americas, even though it is a lower growth rate. I'd say the dynamics in EMEA continue to be the same. Baer alluded to this, but there's some element of regulation being a catalyst. It is also something that is resulting in longer sales cycles as well as investors and broader financial services firms to navigate these regulations, but it's one where we can be helpful to them as they think about how they're going to comply, and we have solutions and tools that will help on that front. There are some environmental impacts as well. It is worth noting that the equity investors, in particular, are under pressure, and we see some of that translating through to cyclical impacts. But we continue to have confidence in the long-term dynamics here and continue to believe this is a big long-term opportunity set for us.
Andrew Wiechmann: Sure. Yes. So maybe I can provide some color on the broader expense guidance, and then I can touch on Burgiss, specifically and the potential impact to the broader margin on the company. If you remember last quarter, we commented that if AUM levels remain flat or increase for the balance of the year, we'd likely be towards the high end of our expense guidance range. AUM was largely flat during the third quarter. And so our organic expense growth was picking up a little bit as we were picking up the pace of spend and importantly, picking up the pace of investment a little bit. And so we are tracking towards the higher end of the range. That combined with -- and this is probably the bigger impact, Burgiss expenses, which will be coming in in the fourth quarter. So we will have a full quarter of adjust expenses in Q4 here are leading to the higher overall expense guidance here. I would underscore that, that range assumes AUM levels remain roughly flat through the balance of the year. But to your point about the impact on the overall firm margin, Burgiss is a lower margin business. As we commented on a standalone basis, the margin is in the mid-teens on Burgiss. And so just bringing that in will bring the overall firm margin down. And so as we start to have Burgiss results in our overall financial results during 2024, the margin will likely be lower compared to the prior year. Having said that, we do, as I commented, believe that there is nice operating leverage, positive operating leverage in Burgiss, given what they do, very similar to most of the things MSCI does is they generate IP-based products and solutions that have very attractive margin dynamics. And so if we continue to drive the growth that we hope in Burgiss, that should drive some margin expansion within Burgiss, but just looking on an apples-to-apples basis, the Burgiss expense base will bring the overall firm margin down.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yeah. So we've -- to this point, we've been successful at rolling out higher price increases, although, it's modest increases relative to what we've done in the past. I would say in the third quarter, price increases contributed a comparable amount to what they've contributed in recent quarters. So across all product areas, price increases represented mid- to high 30% of new recurring sales within the index, it was 40% plus which is consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. Clearly, there are varying degrees of pushback depending on the product and region and client type, and we are very cognizant of the fact that many of our clients are feeling pressure in the current environment. And so we try to be very measured and try to ensure that we are delivering value together with any price increases. So, we are very focused on ensuring that we're enhancing the solutions that we are rolling out pricing increases on. But also, oftentimes, we are delivering more product, more usage, additional solutions to clients together with price increases to ensure that we are adding value to them. We do monitor the overall market. One of the inputs, one of many inputs into our pricing equation is the broader inflationary environment. If inflation does continue to moderate, that will be an input into us potentially moderating price in the future, but it's something that we continue to calibrate. And as I said, the biggest factor is ensuring that we can deliver value to our clients when we do roll out price increases.
Andrew Wiechmann: Got it. I don't want to get into 2024 at this stage. That's something we will cover when we release our Q4 results as we typically do. I would just point to, and I made this comment to the earlier question. Our prior adjusted EBITDA expense guidance was $965 million to $995 million. We had said a quarter ago, if AUM levels remain flat or increase, we'd be towards the higher end of that range. And so AUM levels over the third quarter, as I mentioned, have been relatively flat. And so we -- on an organic basis, we're tracking towards the high end of that range. And then as you said, the Burgiss expenses before you layer on things like allocations and the integration expenses will add $20 million or so in that vicinity of additional expense. And so that's how you bridge to the new expense guidance that we put out.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. I wouldn't -- I don't want to give specific color on segments. As Baer mentioned earlier that the pipeline is healthy, I would say, given the nature of our business. And as you alluded to, we do see some seasonality in the fourth quarter based on what you've seen in past years. I think there are a number of factors that feed into that, including client budgets, their purchasing decisions. We also have annual incentive plans that feed into that. And we also have the highest concentration of client renewals taking place in the fourth quarter. So for all those factors, we tend to see a higher fourth quarter. That's not always the case. But as we had mentioned, there's a healthy pipeline going into Q4.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes, sure. So I'd say, we're seeing consistent themes in the Americas compared to what we've seen in recent quarters. So as investors, managers, broader financial services firms are integrating ESG and launching ESG strategies or plan to launch ESG strategies, they have to focus on a range of considerations, including how it aligns with their overall investment objectives. So what is the impact that ESG considerations will have on risk and return? And how do I optimize my risk-adjusted returns by incorporating ESG into my investment process? How do I differentiate relative to my competitors? How do I address the ESG objectives that my clients have or that the investors have, and then for new products that they launch how do they communicate their approach to ESG and how do they again position themselves relative to other products in the market and how do they prepare forecoming regulations, which is not just a factor in EMEA, but it's something that US investors have to deal with as well. And so, it is a -- it's a complex environment for them to integrate ESG. The good news is we are in a good position to help them navigate that. And so when we say our clients are engaging strongly, they want to have those conversations with us. But because of that complexity, because of all those factors that feed into their buying decisions, we are seeing more measured purchasing decisions, longer sales cycles, ultimately a lower amount of sales. But overall, the engagement level is healthy, but we do expect these complexities and longer sales cycles to continue and persist for some time in the Americas. I think these factors at play on top of the cyclical factors will probably persist for some quarters here.
Andrew Wiechmann: And then just quickly on your second question, I would say that if I look at growth rates in the second quarter, the subscription run rate growth rates by region for ESG and Climate, they're largely consistent with the figures that I quoted this quarter. So similar dynamic where the Americas is in the teens. EMEA is in the mid-30s and APAC's in the low to mid-20s, so very consistent.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yeah. So nothing specific to call out there other than -- and I think you see this in other quarters. Our costs will move around quarter-to-quarter based on a range of factors, including things like less recurring type of costs, nonrecurring costs, professional fees, it can be things like comp accrual adjustments related to the outlook and it can be related to things like severance and pace of spend. So there's nothing specifically to call out on the expense side relative to Q2. And so I wouldn't read into any sort of trend there. I would focus more on the guidance that we've given.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yeah, nothing to read into there and no changes in generally the plans or outlook investing in ESG and Climate. It's one that we are continually calibrating as we calibrate across all segments based on the opportunities in front of us and the overall financial objectives. An ESG and Climate continues to be an attractive growth area with big opportunities. So we do plan to continue to invest in that area. The margin will -- related to the last question, expenses, expense growth and margin will fluctuate period-to-period based on a whole host of things. When you start to look at product segments, you can see some noise based on allocations moving, you can see some noise based on capitalization of software development costs. And you can see some other expense movement related to, as I alluded to perform kind of nonrecurring non-comp-type expenses or other accrual adjustments that we have. But I wouldn't focus too much on the margin in ESG and Climate this segment and as I alluded to earlier, no change to our long-term targets.
