Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. Clearly, U.S. is a better marketplace than it has been for 2 years, 2011, 2012. We saw a very gradual erosion quarter-by-quarter in confidence and in spending habits of investment institutions in the U.S. during that period. And it feels like by the second half of 2013, things began to get better. This is fragile, of course. It's gradual. And obviously, it will depend on the continued improvement in financial assets. But that's a good spot for us. Europe remains about the same. There's less uncertainty in the marketplace in Europe given that people don't talk about the breakup of the euro anymore or the exit of various countries. So that's about the same, with maybe a slight uptick on it. Asia, for us, has been good, not necessarily because of the macro picture at all. It has been because we put a lot of effort into the region. We've deployed a number of resources in our various businesses. We stepped up our client servicing activities, our product development activities and the like, so that, as you heard, in the Risk Management Analytics business, that has bode well for us. In terms of client segments, we have seen a recovery in hedge funds, in hedge fund investors and hedge fund managers. So that has been good for us. We've seen -- we continue to see good prospects in asset owners around the world, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowments, foundations. Quant managers have recovered a bit, not a great deal but a bit. And loan-only active managers, which is a part of the world -- of the investment world that really suffered and had a lot of lost confidence in 2011 and 2012 and parts of 2013, have begun to feel better about their business models, have begun to gradually launch new active products. So we're benefiting from a bit of that as well.
Henry A. Fernandez: And we do plan -- we do continue to -- at the moment, we continue to plan on the investment program at similar levels in 2015 as we plan to do in 2014.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, I think there are a lot of factors that are kind of in the mix here. We are hoping, and we have begun to see, that the investment world is beginning to come back to some normal levels around the world. Clearly, there are issues of how much of that is currently inflated by monetary policy and how much of that will eventually translate into fundamentals driving asset values of all asset classes, right? So -- and that transition, who knows how it's going to pan out. But we are of the belief that in a 2-, 3-year planning horizon for us, that the world's investment markets are going to go back to some level of normalcy that are going to support the investment spending and the capital spending of a lot of investment institutions around the world. And therefore, we want to be there for that uptick in sales. So at this point, I think it's very hard to quantify, but what we see is that currently, our run rates, when you aggregate them across all the various businesses, are in the mid to high single digits. There are some businesses that are already at 10%. There are other ones that are already at high single digits, and there are some that are -- that have had difficulty and have shrunk a bit, like the PMA business. But when you aggregate all of that and you look at the investment that we're making in distribution to reach out to more customers, upsell existing customers, given the bit of relaxation of their budgets and when you layer on top of that the significant number of new products, so specifically in indices, a lot of new Factor Indices. In our -- in PMA, it's a lot of the new models that we're launching, a lot more that are coming, and the improvements in the software. And in RMA, it's things like performance attribution in the same platform as risk management and liquidity risk and counter-party risk and all of that. So we think that all of that is going to help us accelerate the run rate on an aggregate basis in the next few years to the low teens. And we feel that some of that may be an uplift in the overall environment organically. But we believe that a lot of that will be by our actions of continuing to have high renewals, continuing to increase the level of sales and add to the product set that we offer to our clients.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, I think that on an EBITDA basis, if we -- on an EBITDA basis, I would assume that in 2014, for example, it'll be more flattish to maybe a little up because of the -- the revenue growth will increase, but the pace of investments and expense growth will be higher than revenue growth, and therefore, it will be flat to up. We're not really looking to be flat to down but, obviously, it will depend a great deal on the volatile aspects of our revenues on ETFs and things like that, right? I think in 2014, maybe a slight improvement to that as we -- you've got to remember that we lag quite -- when we launch new products and when we also book new revenue or new sales, those get amortized over 12 months or longer, so we lag. So the question will become how much of that lagging effect still impacts us in 2015 versus the growth of expenses? So that's the way we're looking at it. But we're not -- at this point, we're not targeting acceleration of EBITDA, for example. We're targeting acceleration of revenue that eventually will lead to acceleration of EBITDA and acceleration of EPS, right? I think the EPS is a little more volatile because of the tax rates and financing cost and things like that, right? Depreciation, et cetera. So that's -- we're very excited about what we're beginning to see in gradual and maybe not a straight-line recovery in our end markets. And we are going to be booking revenues and good sales and good renewals that may lag in the recognition in the financial accounting revenues. But importantly, we want to be there to be there for our clients when they have the demand for a lot of our products.
Henry A. Fernandez: And let me add also that, because of the comments that I made before, we all have to realize that it was a big crisis, right? And there are a lot of pockets of strength but a lot of pockets of weakness. And there is a lot of realignment that has taken place in the investment world, for example, between passive and active managers and so on and so forth. And so none of this recovery that we see is going to be a straight line. So it's going to be -- some quarters going to be higher. Some quarters going to be lower. In some of these geographies, it's going to be higher, and others will be lower. And some product lines for us will be higher, and other ones will be lower. But the overall aggregate, comprehensive trend that we see is a little bit of an upward sloping curve over the next 2, 3 years, '14, '15, '16. And therefore, we want to capitalize on that. I mean, this is what this company is made for. This is what we're there for. And we really need to capitalize on that to drive value for our clients and drive value for our shareholders.
Henry A. Fernandez: It's actually the opposite. I mean, clearly, what is more visible and transparent is the launch of Factor Index ETF, right, because as you launch, you monitor them in the marketplace and the like, and that's a good -- very, very good area for us. We've launched quite a lot of those. They've accumulated some good amount of assets. And we get good fees on those, and we're very, very happy with that. But what is not as visible is that the majority of the AUM -- even the vast majority of the AUM that has come into Factor Indices has actually come from big asset owners, big pension plans around the world, that are looking for alternative to their active management -- management processes, or their passive ones, on the passive alternative to market cap and on the active side are alternative to strategies that they would otherwise deploy actively, they can now deploy them passively. So that's where quite a big part of our effort has gone around the world, and this is not just isolated to one place or another. We've gotten mandates from Canada, from Taiwan, from Switzerland, from other parts of the U.S. It's really across the board, and the dialogue is very active in this area around all these places.
Henry A. Fernandez: And I think what I would add is that also the -- it's not just the headcount, right, but it's the price of the headcount. So if you say you add 40 salespeople, I mean, those salespeople are in New York, Boston, Chicago, London, Frankfurt, Tokyo, so those places like that, which are higher costs. So even -- so if you say you are 40, that's at a higher cost because that's the cost of living in those places. But if you say you add 100 or 150 software engineers in Mumbai and in Budapest and in Manila and in Monterrey, it may look like a larger number of people but it's at a much lower cost. So it's the headcount and where we have it and the cost of the headcount in the places that we operate in.
Henry A. Fernandez: The other thing too, so if you look at the emerging market effect to us, Bob indicated that, yes, let's say 1/4 of our EPS are exposed to emerging markets. And that's what gets a lot of attention, right? What doesn't get as much attention is that 75% of our ETFs are linked to developed markets, and a lot of that is around the world. It's U.S. and it's Europe and it's Asia. Why is because the foreign investors are investing into the U.S. equity markets through MSCI indices, right? And the rest of the world, including the U.S., is investing in Europe and Asia through MSCI indices, right? So that's -- sometimes, given the real strength of our Emerging Market Index franchise and which is great, but it sometimes gets exaggerated in the context of the impact on our revenues, right? And on the second part, which is a hugely important part, is that we're up to almost 50% of our employees in emerging markets. And what has happened is that given the turmoil that is going on, is that quite a lot of the currencies in this market have depreciated. And therefore, our cost structure in many of these places has decreased.
Henry A. Fernandez: The relationship continues to be outstanding. Clearly, it strengthened dramatically in 2013 from a high point already, given the Vanguard loss. So on one hand, it was a loss of a client. On the other hand, it was the strengthening of another client. It's not just verbal or qualitative. It's all evidenced in the large number of ETFs that have been launched by iShares across the U.S. and Europe and other parts of the world. So, I don't think there's any major client renewal on the Index side -- any contract renewal on the Index side with them coming up.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, I think on the active management side and, therefore, our benchmark or data business, we actually don't anticipate much of a change in our subscription run rate and products due to the emerging markets. Bob, I don't know...
Henry A. Fernandez: I think the punchline to all of you is that we clearly are monitoring very closely the volatility and, in some cases, turmoil in certain emerging markets. But that, in and of itself, is not a source for concern for us, because money flows into the developed markets. We have a larger market share in developed markets, so we may benefit more than that. We have a lot of cost in emerging markets, so it gets cheaper and the like. So it may all wash out or we may have a benefit. I don't know. I mean, we haven't run through a lot of those numbers. I think the bigger concern to us and should be to all of you is what kind of contagion takes place from emerging markets into the world's equity markets and the world's -- the developed world's financial assets. And therefore, what does that mean, right? That's -- so the emerging market itself is clearly something that we monitor. We have clients there. We have people. We have products and the like, and we follow it closely. But it's not something we're worried about per se. It's more what happens to the rest of the financial markets.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. So as I said, we can -- our policy is not to comment on any of that. The second part is that MSCI is a story of organic growth and organic investment, largely. So even though we have acquired businesses before, I think that the value creation to our shareholders over at least the almost 20 years that I've been running the company has been a lot larger with respect to the organic growth of our businesses and the organic investment that it has been by any -- by the acquisition part, right? So that, if 20 years is an indication of the next 20 years, that's one, right? But having said that, we are focused on building out a comprehensive set of mission-critical tools, mostly risk and performance tools, in each major asset class of the world and the multi-asset class for a lot of our clients, the owners and the managers and the traders of assets. So when you look at that vision, then you say where are some gaps that we could accelerate either organically or through acquisition. And the gaps are on equity indices domestically, in domestic markets around the world. We are big in the domestic markets of Continental Europe because of the unification of the markets in Europe. We're not big in the domestic Japanese money into Japanese equities, U.S. money into U.S. equities. And we are taking steps to be bigger organically, but a nice acquisition will help us in that direction if it became available. One thing that we're not as big of is in the risk and performance tools to fixed income portfolio managers or to the fixed income investment process around the world. We are big in fixed income in the context of the multi-asset class offering that we have. We have a lot of fixed income data, a lot of fixed income models, valuation models, mortgage prepayment models and correlation models and the like, all kind of embedded into the multi-asset class offering that we have. So we do plan to be a major player in the fixed income risk and performance. In general, we'll try to do that organically or try to do that through acquisitions. So those are examples of things that we will accelerate. So we view acquisitions as ways to accelerate our organic growth story. And we want to do them in our backyard. We want to do it in things that we understand well and so on and so forth.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. For sure, this kind of stuff, unless we have a lot of support from the markets and a lot of our investment, may not happen in 2014. But we want to see a progression. This is not a hockey stick by any means. This is a steady progression of improvement in 2014, '15, '16, '17. Now, we don't put a timeline on this because of a lot of reasons, one -- and that's why we're not giving you a very quantitative and time-based productions, because -- or guidance because the world is still fragile. There are hiccups that are out there happening. We feel well overall about the trend. And also, these investments do take time. Some of them are more short-term driven, and the other ones are more medium-term driven.
Robert Qutub: George, thanks for the question. On giving floors or any guidance, we know that we're going to continue to spend. What makes it very difficult, and you've seen this pattern over the past years, we've got more volatility with the acquisition of IPD, as well as the significant growth we've seen in AUMs linked to MSCI indices out there. So it becomes increasingly more challenging to manage that. But we do expect it to come in lower than what we've shown at 42.6. Now that could be volatile depending on what the revenues drive of it. But we are having a deliberate investment program. And to your second question, we expect these products to take time to evolve, and the resources we need, we'll be bringing them in over a period of time up to one, maybe through 2014, at a level that we can effectively manage the onboarding capacity.
Robert Qutub: Driving the growth was -- obviously, like you said, Index drove a piece of it. And RMA had a significant contribution, too. Regionally, we had really good -- like we said in the text, that we had very good growth in the U.S., and the Asia-Pacific muted to some extent coming out of Europe. That was probably the principal geographic drivers of it.
Robert Qutub: Well, as I talked about in my comments and Henry referred to, really it's -- there's, generally speaking, there's -- all across the board, we've been adding sales, we've been adding coverage teams out there geographically in new locations. That's important. We've also been adding consultants that you've seen in the investment results in terms of higher retention. With respect to building in capacity and IT, we've had to build out that. Not only is it people, it's also in our infrastructure to build ahead of the demand that we are seeing and we expect to see. And we can do this in multiple locations. We found that we're getting a lot more synergies in the emerging market centers, as evidenced by the 35% increase. And when you see the much -- the significantly lower increase in our developed markets, that's really where we're putting a lot of our coverage teams. And even to a certain extent, some of our consulting teams can also be in the emerging markets centers as well. So again, in short, it's really across the board that we're seeing it. And in certain areas, we're just building in the infrastructure of the company to support the expansions that we have out there.
Robert Qutub: Let me just refer back to one -- an item we really wanted to point out on the ABF chart is that the distribution, really looking at it from an emerging market versus a developed market, we talked about it on a year-over-year basis, the develop market grew by 70%, yes, 70%, whereas the emerging market declined by 19%. What this shows and the point I was trying to make here is that we're not really -- MSCI-linked indices are a reflection of the global investment platform, and it's not really skewed to any particular sector. Linked quarter basis, we didn't say it, but the emerging markets showed it's just over 27%. That was down by 3%, but that was almost a corresponding shift into the developed market growth, where it's up at 53%. So you see that balance then as the broad reach of our ETFs across the globe. We capture all of the shifts or a majority of the shifts, and also note that our basis points remained strong at 3.6 basis points.
Robert Qutub: There are a couple things, Toni. One is that the contracts are distributed more evenly over the course of the year. And as we talked about earlier, a lot of the retention rate was driven by down sales that we saw over the course of the year, more specifically in the first and second quarters. One thing I'd like to point out is our client count in PMA remains virtually flat, not down. And so that's just a reflection of some of the repricing that we've talked about over the course of the year, which is driving the high retention rate. Also, one other point, too, is we've been continuously issuing -- we had 3 new upgrades on our BPM software, and we've been pushing out models at a much better cadence than we have before.
Robert Qutub: Let me separate your question into 2 parts, Joel. When you look at the AUMs, you will see some movement either through market or inflows or outflows. So, you're going to see something that becomes more immediate. So that's the volatility that I referred to. And in some cases, when I talked about emerging markets there, in that category of ABF, in a lot of cases we're trying to emphasize is while it may go out of emerging markets, some of those same investors may exit emerging markets and go into developed markets and to MSCI-linked indices. So you can see some movement but mainly on volume and market. With respect to subscription, that's much more stable. These are annual contracts that are out there. And that revenue, I would expect to see less volatility in that over time.
Robert Qutub: The one thing I'd give is if you're looking for any -- I mean, if you look for any indicator, Alex, would be the run rate that we have that we finished up in 2013, which is an indication of what our contracts will yield over the coming 12 months.
