Henry A. Fernandez: So, George, I mean, we continue to remain very optimistic about this business. We have clearly done a great deal to position the business for this growth, spent a significant amount of time in the business with investments in sales, in client outreach in competitive offerings, pricing. We have invested in the technology, voting platform and the like. Even at the same time that we have increased the profit margins of it, so a quite successful effort of turning the business around from the quarterly declines that we saw back in 2010, 2011. We also feel that the opportunities here, in this business, are pretty large. Governance is something that everyone talks about every day. The end market of this product line is slightly recovering, like the end market of our Risk and Performance products. So I think the time is right now to be able to explore our options of separating this business from us. We don't know yet, obviously, what the ultimate outcome of all of that will be. But we feel pretty positive about the business and its prospects and where it can head.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes we do. We definitely feel better about it in the last few months, a couple quarters. But we have also felt better in the past and there's been -- double dips are there. I think this time, we feel better for a variety of reasons: one, the market for quantitative asset managers has improved. From, basically, the beginning of this year, you've seen that many quantitative asset managers have been gathering asset inflows into them, they've been launching new products and the like, it's not a major quantum leap, but definitely a little more life into that market. Secondly, the fundamental managers that have client support have began to feel better about their business and have began to have dialogue with us about additional tools that they need, to provide that quantitative support to the fundamental managers, so that may bode well. Also, from our side, we have developed quite a lot of new models that have been introduced in the marketplace and a lot new models that will be introduced in the near future. And that has gotten the market pretty excited about new innovations that we're bringing. And the last piece for us has been the continued development of the software application that we couple, at times, with the content and the risk models. And we feel that we are at the kind of tail end or the lower -- the back end of being able to finish quite a lot of the functionality in BPM and make it a product that is pretty robust, compared to Aegis, and that is beginning to show in additional sales of BPM. Again, it's early days, we still have some way to go there, but we feel pretty good about that.
Henry A. Fernandez: Kevin, this is Henry -- I'm sorry. David, this is Henry. The -- I think it's important to recognize that away from the volatility that could exist with the asset-based fee business in which if the markets rally, we get showered by a lot of cash flow that drops to the bottom line or -- and if the market turns negative, obviously it declines. So if you put that aside because that's an element that is, even though secularly improving for our business on a cyclical basis or a seasonal business, sometimes they're not controllable, I think that we are of the view that we are at the beginning of a very gradual recovery in the investment universe of the world, in which you're seeing better tone, better momentum in asset managers, hedge funds, pension funds in the U.S. You're seeing a bit of that in Japan and Australia. You're seeing a tad of that in Asia, x those countries. Obviously, Europe is still a little bit challenged, but we're hoping that, over time, that we're going to see a gradual recovery there. And our clients are asking us to anticipate that recovery and invest in the business. So I think our best view to you is that away from the volatility that could be provided by the asset-based fee business, which we don't control, we're not likely to see an expansion of the margin. We're not likely to see operating leverage in the business because we would want to continue to position the company for that upturn and the demand that we see -- that we're beginning to see, reflected in the tone of the dialogue and the actual dollars and cents that clients want to spend with us.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. Let me add to what Bob said. The -- what was happening for about, say, 6, 7 quarters, starting back in the spring of 2011, was that every -- taking seasonality away or putting that aside, every quarter, there will be a very slight deterioration of the operating environment and that was manifested into items in the pipeline, not necessarily leaving but more and more items in the pipeline being pushed to the next quarter and the next quarter. And more approvals by clients, more debate and discussion about whether they should buy the product or not and the like. And it was also manifested in a bit more cost-consciousness and price pressures because our client is reporting to their own internal people were under a huge amount of pressure to contain costs. What we began to see about 1 quarter or 2 ago, let's say 2 quarters ago, is that, that gradual deterioration, that was happening quarter after quarter after quarter, began to ease. So it wasn't that it was improving, it was that the deterioration was less 2 quarters ago, slightly less last quarter and that, therefore, the items that would otherwise have been pushed to the next quarter, some of them were staying in the current quarter. And then secondly, that the number of approvals began to decrease a little bit and the willingness of clients to try to get the deal done and close and move on, increased. And the overall tone of the discussion, the overall tone of trials and show me new things, show me new ideas, show me the new things, the dialogue has improved in the U.S. and in Asia, a little less so in Europe. So that makes us cautiously, very cautiously optimistic, that we're beginning to see a gradual, very gradual sort of return to a more active dialogue, less deterioration of the pipeline, quarter-to-quarter. As we said, the pipeline remains healthy and, right now, we have helped all of these by creating new products. Because when you have a new product, the client wants to engage. The client wants to have a discussion and sometimes the clients creates budget when they have a new product that they think is going to differentiate them in their investment process. So the Factory Indices have been an extremely important dialogue with a lot of our clients. The liquidity metrics and the counter-party risk has been a good dialogue with our clients. And the OTC market moving to centrally-cleared products, the margining and the products that we can offer on margining has been a good dialogue with our clients. In PMA, the new Japan model, we had a roadshow in Japan, very well attended, people are interested. Then we have a new Korea model coming out, a lot of our Korean clients are interested in that. And we're rolling out a whole series of models. We're in more active dialogue on BPM, because now the software is much more completed, complete than it was a couple quarters ago. So overall, it feels better. And therefore, this makes us feel that we got to continue to progress in the pace of investments in the business, back into the business in order to continue to capitalize on those trends. And if those trends accelerate, accelerate the level of investment. So that's where we are in that gradual, small recovery process.
Henry A. Fernandez: We definitely have seen, year-over-year, a marked improvement in our dialogue on activity with hedge funds that are particularly in the U.S. A bit less in Europe. And we have heard and seen clients leaving -- personnel, leaving from one to another to set up new hedge funds, and we're in active dialogue with many of them. That has not, though, yet translated into significant sales to those potentially new startups. I think that they are potentially in fund-raising mode at the moment. So remember there's always a lag. If you have somebody who wanted to start a hedge fund, they may leave, they might put a business plan in place, but they've got to go raise the money and that may take 3, 6, 9 months. So we're seeing some of that, but it hasn't translated into them purchasing the tools at this point.
Henry A. Fernandez: The other point I would add is to say that we're very much focused on meeting the current demand from our clients and anticipating the immediate demand the 6, 9 months, 10 months from our clients, with existing products and new products. And when you work backwards from there, you then need to make incremental investments to position yourself for that demand and that -- hopefully increasing revenue growth. And investment to us is all people, so mostly people. There are some technology investments in the space and all, but people or people-related things. And therefore, we say, "How do we make those investments in a way that there's balance and in a way that doesn't meaningfully handicap our profitability?" And that's why we rely heavily on our emerging market centers. The next phase that we do is how do we make those investments in a way that are balanced, that let's make the investments have a quicker payback first. So just new sales in markets where we see demand and so just client-servicing and solutions personnel that we see continued improvement in retention rates and renewal rates. So about half of the past investments have gone into that. The next layer that we're focused on is, okay, we now have to enhance products or create new products. How do we balance that out? How do we make some incremental, prudent investments to invest in those products and the like? So that's what we've done. Where we are right now is that we're saying that's what we've done in the last 1.5 years, almost 2 years, since the beginning of 2012. We anticipate that, that is the philosophy we're going to continue to have going into 2014, because it's working, the paybacks of those investments has generated incremental revenue and run rate we actually have seen in RMA and Factory Indices and PMA, slowing down the decline there, and Governance and the like. And not only that, but we're -- if we see further improvement in the tone, further improvement in the sales effort, we want to make sure we capitalize on them.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. On the CIO, we are a technology company as you all know very well. Big parts of our business rely heavily on technology. The Index business, which is mostly a content business, relies heavily on technology and the manufacturing of the data, so to speak, the production of the data and the distribution of the data. And our Analytics business do the same, but not only that, our product is actually a software program that we run 4 people in our ASP SaaS solutions. So we have been discussing over the last 12 months, how do we continue to improve, scale up and make sure we have a very strong foundation to continue to go to clients and perform for them highly mission-critical processes. Coupled with that is that a few clients have come to us and have asked us to take significantly more of their internal mission-critical processing in risk management and in performance. And therefore, we felt that the strengthening our technology organization would be prudent in order to begin to plan for those potential sales. So that was the reason we hired a CIO and that's the reason we're going to add a few more senior people in that area. On marketing, we've grown significantly. We have now $1 billion in run rate, we have some 8,000 clients in 85 countries. We have a multi-product line. We reach out to many corners of the world. And in the past, we've done it kind of the old-fashioned way, which is one client at a time, one person at a time, talking to people and the like. I think the time has come that we develop MSCI into a very marketing-focused organization that we figure out what are the most effective and efficient means to reach out to clients. How do we develop stronger client relationship at all levels of organization? How do we use branding as a way to deliver our messages? How do we use advertising? Which we've been doing in the U.S. to deliver our message to the financial advisory community so that they can buy MSCI-linked products and the like. So there is a lot of areas that I think that, with Darla Hastings now as the CMO, she can help us become much better as a marketing company and, hopefully, expand our reach, expand our product line and make it a more coherent whole.
Henry A. Fernandez: That will be, though -- Toni, the plan will be, though, that whatever significant reductions in costs we have on IPD, we would want to reinvest back into the business. The reason is, we believe we're in a cyclical -- sorry, in a secular upswing in real estate across the world, both in terms of the market appreciation, with limited supply in many markets around the world. Secondly, the increasing institutionalization of the real estate asset class. And lastly, an increasing globalization of the investment in real estate. So we bought this business in order to create what we believe to be a very large presence in risk and performance in real estate around the world. We are, right now, pretty big in Europe. We are taking steps to increase significantly our presence in the U.S. and in Japan and in other markets in Asia. And therefore, that's going to require continued investment that we plan to make from the cost savings that we have, not necessarily, obviously, dropping profitability of the business.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think the positive surprise have been that: one, the business have not been really -- the business have not really focused significantly on asset owners around the world, pension plans and sovereign wealth funds and the like. So we have started hiring and putting a dedicated team to do that and it has began to pay off well in the last 2 quarters. So that's been pretty good. Secondly, is that our footprint, the core MSCI footprint, in many markets where IPD didn't have the time or the resources or the headcount to go out and sell, has been beneficial to them. So we've opened a lot of doors for IPD in Korea, for example. Some of these other sovereign wealth funds in the Middle East and in Asia. And, clearly, our relationship with many of the pension plans in the U.S. have helped open the doors. And lastly, we are in the early stages of a major dialogue with clients, especially asset owner clients, about the incorporation of the real estate asset class in the total portfolio of the fund, what are the diversification benefits, what are the risk issues associated with them and the like, in order to see if we can become a catalyst for the further institutionalization and globalization of real estate investment by institutional investors. Early days, because that takes time, but we have a number of research papers, we have research conferences going on and the like, that are attacking that and that's one MSCI team of research people from the performance side, the risk side and the real estate side. I think, on the negative surprises, so to speak, has been we have started to transform the IPD business into the way we look at the world in terms of recognition of revenues and in terms of run rates and the capturing of those rates and the like. And those have been a little bit of the volatility that you've seen in the last 2 quarters or 3 quarters in the ups and downs of the revenue on IPD.
Robert Qutub: George, one other comment I would add is, remember, when you're looking at this on a year ago, that included the CFRA margin and the margin now does not.
Robert Qutub: The sequential increase, George, was driven by, largely, some of the items I highlighted in my comments. We've had some more out of pocket costs as we expanded through our recruiting efforts. As Henry mentioned, we have made some investments in people, our global footprint has continued to broaden, going to 45%, up from 44%. We've made some investments in technology, the non-compensation side, that would reflect our ability to stay up to speed with our capacity, as well as our stability out there, as we continue to grow our client base. Occupancy has gone up a little bit too. So you're starting to see the benefit in terms of what we talked about in run rate, but it comes with some expansion in our capacity to support that.
Robert Qutub: Well, let me say. Our capital -- basically, our capital strategy has remained unchanged. I mean our investment strategy is around organic investments and bolt-on investments where we can make -- help facilitate capabilities that we need or expedite capabilities or gain capabilities that we need to get. We maintain a balance on that. With our buyback program, we still have $100 million on the shelf, and with respect to whatever happens with ISS it's really just too early to tell.
Robert Qutub: I'll take you back to Henry's comments. I mean, we've made a lot of investment on our client side and coverage side to really focusing in on our clients staying with us. I wouldn't say we're defying gravity, but I think that we're feeling pretty strong about how we approach our clients. Our retention rate's at 92%, all 3 quarters is very strong. Now having said that, about 1/3 of our contracts, give or take, renew in the fourth quarter, so you get a higher proportion of them in the fourth quarter. And if you look back, over time, we tend to see a little more volatility in the fourth quarter. Now remember, the retention rate construct is a in-quarter number annualized. So it tends to get sort of exacerbated in the quarter. And why it's, looking at it over a full year, I think it is much better perspective in taking that -- 2/3 of our contracts this year have renewed at 92% retention rates.
Robert Qutub: It's -- we're in this business to grow. The best indicator I can provide for you in that, because we generally don't give guidance on that, but take a look at our key operating metric and our discussions around the growth in our run rate on a year-over-year basis. That really gives you a window out there on the forward-looking 12 months in terms of what we would be bringing in terms of driving up revenue growth. As always, we continue to maintain discipline on non-compensation. We have taken a step up in non-compensation expenses that I mentioned earlier. And we will continue to make some organic investments, which will require investments, but we need to balance that out and make sure we turn profitability. Balancing out our whole capital process that I mentioned earlier to Kevin.
Robert Qutub: No, we don't have guidance on that yet. But I just talked about what we'll -- 34% is what we expect for the full year. We maintain an aggressive approach, focused approach, on how we can optimize our global tax rate. And as we continue to grow more and more internationally, we should see some benefit of that.
Robert Qutub: I mean, we've -- our headcount coming on board tends to slow down in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the second and third quarter are your strongest times in which you get people in your seats and where you make a lot of your hirings, it's the most economically -- the most efficient, so you kind of take us -- you couple that with related costs that would be around recruiting and things of that sort. We've had some internal onetime items that have occurred, nothing significant, Alex. But again, we maintain a tight discipline on costs into the fourth quarter.
Robert Qutub: Starting with pricing, we remain strong in our pricing and our index product. RMA, we're maintaining our pricing. PMA, we still have some competition out there. That's, really, as I mentioned earlier, a lot of the decline in our run rate has not come from lost clients, it's come, largely, from that third, is coming from repricing of the products that have been out there, driven by competition. Again, RMA product, Governance products, Index products remain strong and, to a certain extent, Index has continued to maintain its pricing strength. With respect to the pipeline, the pipeline, as Henry said, remains healthy. And that's the tone that we've held out there for the last couple, 3 quarters. In fact, the tone, that's something we introduced into our conversation last quarter and we maintain that. There's a lot more active conversation and we have seen some 2-way movements in the pipeline. What I mean by that is up and back. Though in the past we see -- we saw more deals pushed out, but we have had discussions about trying to pull some deals in. So the active conversation is really important. It's around the conversations that we're having with them and the real key is manifesting those into sales.
Robert Qutub: Chris, let me -- you got the 6% correct, but the 29%, remember, goes back to the beginning of 2012. So that's over a 2-year period. You got to remember of that 700, half of that was through acquisitions, so that growth has been recent in terms of what we've been picking up, but the acquisition contributed to more than half of it. The important thing that we highlighted, and that Henry talked about, is half of those hires, nearly half of those hires, came in the form of client-facing and getting out on the street, working with the clients, as well us on the retention side too. So retention is a really valuable investment payoff for us and staying at 92% means it's 1 less sale we have to make to retain the run rate. So that we find as very important. The other thing I'll make and, Henry, you can throw in a couple things here, is that our organic growth is built on people. Our organic growth is built on capability in the most efficient way we can. And the comment that was made that while we have grown our headcount organically, we've grown our compensation costs, related to that headcount growth, less. And that's by focusing in on lower-cost centers that are out there and continuing to drive that from 44% to 45%, both on a linked-quarter and year-over-year. And if you remember, last year-over-year, we didn't have the impact of IPD and InvestorForce, we've actually brought that down in the interim quarters. So we continue to push out on that capability because we have to have the innovation, and the innovation comes from people to be able to build the products that Henry was talking about so we can sell into this gradual recovery we're seeing out there.
Robert Qutub: With respect to IPD, there were -- the merger was not really -- a lot of flare on synergies, but yes, definitely, there are some synergies, especially as we combine a lot of the infrastructure and modernize a lot of the data capabilities that they have. InvestorForce, less so. InvestorForce is really a client and revenue play, from that perspective, and that was very easily bolted on to our existing infrastructure with -- not really designed for cost savings.
