Henry A. Fernandez: We are hopeful that the current rally in equity markets around the world and some lifting of the macroeconomic uncertainties will eventually benefit us. We have seen very, very early indications of some of that in the tone of dialogue with clients but nothing really to report. And we typically lag, companies like MSCI lag on the way up and lag on the way down in our subscription business. Obviously, the environment is beneficial to us on the AUM for the ETFs and other types of products, but we're currently not sitting still. We keep pushing ahead in many of the things that we're doing in order to see if we can push hard on sales and benefit from that this year and obviously maintain the stable retention rates that we've enjoyed in the past. With respect to the RMA business, as we've said in the past, this is a business that is always lumpy. It is -- there are some quarters in which it's going to be better and some quarters where it's not going to look as great. And I think the fourth quarter of last year was one of those in which many of the sales that were in the pipeline had slipped. We are pretty hopeful and confident that the pipeline remains healthy. If the macroeconomic uncertainty lifts more, we may be able to see some of those deals closing sooner rather than later, but it's too early to tell. We're also very confident that the fundamental demand for Risk Management Analytics around the world in all the various classes and client segments that we serve is still strong and healthy, from hedge funds to our pension plans and other forms of asset owners to asset managers, et cetera. But it's clearly a question of converting that interest on those trials and those elements of the pipeline to actual sales. There have be times in which it's a little easier and other times in which it's more difficult. But I believe, and I think all of our colleagues believe that the fundamental demand for risk management continues to be pretty strong across the board. I think the other thing that, in general, that I'd like to add is that, interestingly enough or funny enough, quite a lot of the difficulty converting sales to -- in the pipeline to actual orders has been in the U.S. And we've been fortunate that our business in Europe, even though clearly affected by the sovereign debt crisis there has performed well. So as we see some of this uncertainty lifting politically and budgetary in the U.S., maybe we'll benefit from that in terms of our overall sales.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think on the product swaps between Aegis and BPM into BarraOne will continue. And a lot of the reasons why that is the case is, one, BarraOne is fairly advanced in its functionality for both risk management and certain amount of portfolio management. That's the product line that we have been putting more investments in and so forth -- so on and so forth. So therefore, it is logical to see more -- some clients who have certain amount of risk analysis and risk management capabilities in their front equity portfolio management office put that in BarraOne. So we'll see some of that continue. That may get abated over time as we develop Barra Portfolio Manager more, and therefore, may benefit from that. Secondly is that there is, in certain parts of the world, especially in Europe and parts of Japan, a bit more of an integration going on between the front portfolio management office and the middle risk management office. And therefore, we may see some product swaps between Aegis, for example, and obviously Cosmos in fixed income, into BarraOne because people in those areas would like to have one system serving the front office of portfolio management and the middle office for risk management. So that's another aspect of product swaps that will continue. To be frank, to us, we're indifferent. At many times, the product swaps that take place between PMA and RMA are done at an uptick to sales in RMA, and a lot of this description that we have in terms of RMA and PMA is, at times, artificial. It may be confusing or misleading over time, but that's the way we've done it so far.
Henry A. Fernandez: And then we also have -- I don't think the flexibility, so to speak, around the fourth quarter was necessarily anything new. I think what we did throughout 2012, and many of our shareholders and analysts understand that we engaged in a discussion as to what is it that the right capital deployment of the company ought to be. We engaged our Board intensely during this summer in a strategy about the overall direction of the company and the areas we wanted to make investments, we worked pretty hard in creating a budgetary process in the Fall. And therefore, all of that ended up coinciding towards the end of the year for the end result that you saw. We always had a very significant amount of effort going on, on capital allocation and capital deployment in the company in terms of what is the right balance between organic investment, bolt-on acquisitions some pay down of debt if necessary and return of capital. So I think we achieved the right balance, we're pretty happy with it and I don't think we're going to add dramatically to that.
Henry A. Fernandez: I don't think this year will be that significant the way we're looking at pricing in the index business. We haven't made any final decisions at this point. But so far a lot of our discussion have been not dramatically different. With respect to pricing on the RMA business, I think that, that's another -- I don't think there's going to be any significant or substantive changes to the pricing that we have on that product line in 2013 as it relates to 2012. And in PMA, I think the pricing there is looking at every client that renews. We want to keep the business with those clients. Sometimes we add functionality and there's an uptick and part of their -- many times in which the renewal gets done at a lower price point. So that will probably continue in 2013.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think, a lot of it is a continuation and mainly -- sometimes an acceleration of all the strategic moves that we're making in this business. One is how do we ensure our tools are in a lot of different software platforms, not only ours but other vendors. So we've done that and accelerated that. Secondly, how do we ensure we keep launching quite a lot of new risk models. And a lot of the sale that came in 2012 were because of these new risk models. And we have more -- many more risk models coming out in 2013 as well. Three, is the continued enhancement of Barra Portfolio Manager. This newer release that is coming out in the next few months of Barra Portfolio Manager is a very important one because it gives a great deal of back testing functionality to portfolio analysis. So that's -- there's one release in the next few months and another one towards the end of the year that continues to enhance that software and make it look and behave a lot more like Aegis, which is obviously desktop, older technology. So we're doing that. And I think, in addition to that, we're getting extremely close to clients in terms of training clients and client service and understanding what they're trying to do and how they use their tools, customize many of the tools that we provide to them, that's another significant effort. So I think it's a continuation but I wouldn't say an acceleration in 2013 of a lot of what we've been doing in the past. That's not to say that necessarily, the business or the environment or the client base will improve dramatically but we're hoping that these efforts that we have in place continue to soften any kind of problems and at some point, turn the business around.
Henry A. Fernandez: I don't think we're scaling down anything on the sales organization. If anything, now, there is quite a significant incremental expansion of our client organization in many fronts. We're adding sales people in all of these centers where we operate. We're opening up more centers to go into -- deeper into other our client bases in Canada. We're pushing hard in Taiwan. We're pushing hard in many of the emerging markets. We've created a dedicated sales force for the emerging markets of EMEA, Eastern Europe, Russia, Middle East, Turkey and Sub-Saharan Africa. There's money there, there are big sovereign wealth funds there that we're not covering as effectively, so we're pushing hard on that. We are adding to our consultants, these are the people that help train our clients on our analytics. And we're establishing larger client service centers in the emerging markets, adding into Monterrey, in Budapest and Mumbai, in Shanghai. But especially, we're adding significantly to the client service team in Manila. We established a front there that we didn't have before and that's also something that we're expanding on. We're going to have a night shift there to cover the world as well. All of these efforts have been very, very effective in keeping our retention stable. Don't underestimate the challenges that are facing investment organizations wanting to cut costs and the like. And the reason, one of the primary reasons why our retention rates have remained stable is because of a lot of these client service and consultant outreach that we have and we're using quite a lot of technology to do that. And we're positioning -- we're -- in terms of the sales additions, we are trying to grow faster if we can. And it positions us also extremely well that when a lot of this uncertainty lifts and the client's budget begin to get released, we'll be there to capture significant upside in growth.
Henry A. Fernandez: Bill, we are always reviewing opportunities that are what I would call acceleration of organic investment through acquisitions in our backyard, the same product line and on the like. So that continues. And largely, these are largely things that are bolt-on. We're not proactively looking at anything that is big or transformational, anything like that. You never know when those things come. But a lot of what we're trying to look is what specific holes do we have. In the asset classes per se, in the single asset classes, we feel pretty good about equities. Hedge funds for a bit, obviously real estate. We are actually -- good that you asked, we're actually about to announce a consultation process with our clients on private equities. We've been working with another vendor on private equities to see if we can join forces to create private equity indices on performance and risk management systems for that asset class. So that also is ongoing. I think, clearly, the area where we are strong for multi-asset classes is fixed income but we're not as strong in fixed income as a single asset class. I don't think we're going to launch fixed income indices at this point. We are having a good partnership with Barclays on ESG for fixed income but we're not going to go into that space directly. And I think, we haven't been able to earmark investment for fixed income Portfolio Management Analytics. That's an area that we keep looking but I'm not sure that -- we keep saying that every year, I'm not sure we're going to do anything necessarily, unless we find something interesting at the right price.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. No, I think, what happened in the last quarter, since the announcement by Vanguard, is a testimony and a complete understanding of what we've been saying since the announcement of the Vanguard switch. And that is MSCI is the leading index for global institutional investors in the way they allocate the assets and give out mandates for their portfolios. And it's just not only American but European and Asian, institutional investors of all types. So when the announcement was made, you saw that there were a lot of institutional investors around the world that had found their way into Vanguard ETFs because they wanted to be invested in an MSCI index. And when they saw those ETFs switching indices, they looked around to what other ETFs with MSCI indices were available and you saw that massive switch that took place in the fourth quarter and continues today. Now, this was very pronounced, even more so in the emerging markets because if MSCI is strong in terms of -- as an index in terms of general investment in all markets, it is strongest as an index of the emerging market. We have a very pronounced reputation in market share in indices that cover the emerging markets. So that was it. The other part of it is that the Vanguard emerging market ETF was the largest of all the ETFs -- the quarterly [ph] ETF that were being switched to another index. And therefore, it is likely and logical to have seen the largest amount of assets in that ETF going to iShares and others. So I think that, that's the explanation. Now that trend continues. Obviously, it may not continue at the same pace that it did in the fourth quarter because there are diminishing returns as to how much of that money really switches but it does continue today.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think, one way to think about our business, I mean, -- let me back up. The way we describe our business typically is in the form of index and risk and portfolio and governance and all of that. The other way to describe it, which is more logical, because that's what we're trying to achieve, is to say what are all the things that we're doing for the equity investment asset class? And put aside the brands and all of that, but what are we doing? So we create performance measurements in the form indices. We create performance attribution models. We create the risk analysis. And we create portfolio construction and portfolio optimization and so on and so forth. And we create -- we overlay a form of ESG investing on that equity -- on those equity portfolios and we have tools that bought -- that people bought their shares on those equity portfolios. So that's the vast majority of what we do. The vast majority of what we do is very synergistic because the infrastructure, all the databases, and our understanding of the companies, understanding of corporate events and corporate actions and the growth of those companies, the value of those companies and all of that is the same underlying structure that goes into an index or into a risk model or in an ESG or whatever. At the front-end, our distribution people are talking to the same people. They're talking to equity portfolio managers, they're talking to chief investment officers for equities, the head analysts for equities and so on and so forth. And therefore, it is highly, highly synergistic. We -- our view is that in a multi-asset class world in which all these asset classes are really converging with one another and the asset owner doesn't look at a single asset class. The asset owner wants to look at a combined portfolio. I think that saying that we can be a company that only does indices or only does things for the equity portfolio management is a dangerous place to be. You have -- for sure, for the asset owner, which is ultimately one dictating what happens at the asset manager level, so you have to go to the asset owner and provide them a comprehensive solution to risks and performance of their multi-asset class segments, in equities and fixed income and in alternatives. You have to provide that. And in order to do that, you have to be best-of-breed in each one of the asset classes. You have to be best-of-breed in equities. We're okay in fixed income but that's an area that needs development. We clearly are becoming -- will become very good at real estate, in risk and performance with the same on IPD. We clearly -- this consultation is successful in private equities and we are already doing quite a lot in risk analysis of hedge funds. So all of that is highly synergistic when you sit down with an asset owner, when you sit down with the managers of those assets. If you go see the CIO of a European asset management company, they want to talk to us about what can we do for them in their real estate portfolios and their equity portfolio and their fixed income portfolio, and these are all tools that are very similar to one another. How you measure risk and how you measure performance is the same similar tools, the same approach, the same philosophy in each one of them. So that's what we're trying to build at MSCI. And therefore, the holes that may exist over this long journey are holes that are either because the particular area is not price attractive, fixed income indices for example in the past haven't been a place where you make money, so we stay away from that. At some point, we will make money, but we stay away from them. And areas in which we can execute rapidly. So that's kind of the direction of what we're taking in all of this.
Robert Qutub: I think they will be, we're continuing an upward trend, George, we're trying to look more organically in what we're doing. We see that leveraging our existing platform. Henry cited ones that occurred in 2012, we've got more that -- that were completed in 2012 in data centers. But as we go into 2013, we're looking at the network and the platform. So we see that as an ongoing trend that's positive. It leverages our existing platform and obviously, those type of investments have great payback.
Robert Qutub: We've seen -- like we said, we've seen pricing pressures come in through. The competitive market has been tough. We're not necessarily losing ground per se, but these contracts come up for repricing, it's competitive, there's other entrants in the market, that makes it challenging. But like I said earlier, the bulk of the decline in the run rate was driven by product swaps we talked a little but more extensively that Henry referred to, as well as the FX.
Robert Qutub: You're seeing structural changes in the market with the OCC's exchanges and those things going on. Those are things that have to work themselves out over time. We continue to work on the models, we continue to upgrade and move through it. As certain things sort themselves out, we'll have a better position going forward.
Robert Qutub: I think, as we have said over and over and over again, we have a very strong and close relationship with all of BlackRock, but obviously, in this case specifically, iShares. The level of collaboration and discussion that we've had with them intensified quite significantly in the last quarter as we were trying to ensure that we were serving our mutual clients, it's mostly institutional clients, in their transition from many of the Vanguard funds to the iShares funds. So that relationship is very strong, and it continues to get stronger and the like. So I don't anticipate no significant changes of that. If anything, we continue to launch a lot of new products together. I don't think any month goes by without iShares introducing new MSCI-linked ETFs in the U.S., but in other locations around the world. And we're looking at the map of the world in terms of where are areas in which we are not yet doing as much as we should be doing. Ocana [ph] is one example of those and therefore, we are pushing hard together to see what else we can be launching together in many of these other places.
Robert Qutub: I think Henry gave pretty clear guidance. With the $200 million authorized buyback, that's our vehicle right now, to return our capital back to our investors and shareholders.
Robert Qutub: We are always evaluating. As Henry said, we talked to our Board and our investors, we're looking at -- constantly looking at our capital structure. As you know, we've got the $850 million outstanding, we've got scheduled payments of $44 million this year, the step up that matures in 2017. We'll be evaluating our levels of debt along with all other factors that would be a part of our invested capital for the company here, but we're always looking at it.
Robert Qutub: And to further your point, your opening question, we have a lot of integrated infrastructure whether it's from how we support product lines, whether it's from the functional units like finance that are in data support, those have been quite integrated.
Robert Qutub: One thing of clarification for Bill. Just to come back and to save you a call with Edings, is that organic growth for overall index was 9%. That was, as I said earlier, 11% on the subscription side, and 6% on ABS. Just for clarification on that.
