Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Toni, it's Henry. We had a slightly soft quarter in Analytics sales, but it is just a quarter – there was clearly a lot of volatility in the market. And when that happens, clients are focused intensely on the volatility and so transform our decisions about budget and closure of contracts and the like slow down a little bit. Our pipeline of Analytics is actually pretty extensive. And therefore that gives us optimistic caution or cautiously optimistic that what our sales pace will pick up. In terms of what are we doing to drive that even higher structurally, not just with the existing product line, there is a slew of new product development that has taken place in Analytics from the launch of a lot of new models in the equity risk model area to particularly the revamping of our applications with a new interface and new layer of application on top of some of our other applications. We are hoping that we can launch that in a selective basis in the first quarter of 2016 and over time we hope that that's going to drive Analytics higher. One other key area that we have been focusing on in the last six months with the management team Analytics is how do we really look at use cases in our client and drive strong sales efforts in each one of these use cases. And I think as Bob mentioned, we are very much focused on investment differentiation. So you go to a client and say our tools are going to help you build better performance. The second one is operational efficiencies, the complexity and global nature on multi-asset class nature of portfolios are creating significant complexity in our clients operationally and we want to drive our products to help them reduce that complexity and create efficiencies. And the third one is surely regulatory compliance. So all of those efforts – so I gave you a little bit of an answer on the short term in terms of the sales and the pipeline and longer-term why we are very optimistic about the sales this product.
Henry A. Fernandez: And also look as Bob indicated – our plan is to try to be in a market with lower levels of share price and be in the market that did less with higher levels of share price. So I think the pace which we affect our program will depend quite a lot on where things turn out.
Henry A. Fernandez: I don't know, I mean, 70-plus% EBITDA margins don't seem conservative to me. I think that – if you look – I think that we have a phenomenal franchise in Index, phenomenal. And honestly, I mean, as management and shareholders, you got two choices, you either melt the franchise and over time you reduce your market leadership or you invest in new franchise and you continue to feel this revenue growth and this level of profitability. We are in the latter camp which is a balance between how much you won and can invest on annual basis. But there is still – if you think about there are three areas where equity indices are – can be very profitable for active management, passive management and derivatives. So in active management, you have to reach out more and more customers, deeper into the market cap areas, so for example into small cap indices, you want to reach into new territories like China and Saudi Arabia and other places like that. As they open up to global investing. On passive management, in addition to the market capital indices, you want to invest in factor indices and thematic, which is a big revolution we are at the forefront of that. You got to put some investments in there. And thirdly, an area that it's been small for us is derivatives, listed futures and options around the world. We feel extremely excited about that area over time from a small base, because we have demonstrated in the last few years that the market for multi-currency Index underlying futures contracts has – it can be very successful. And we did that obviously with our partners at ICE with the emerging market Index futures and the EAFE futures and in Europe with our partners at EUREX with the world futures and the likes of what – we would like to make some investments in there to see if we can build a fairly large third leg of revenue and profitability for our business.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Well, look we purposely left the timeline a bit flexible because clearly nobody has a crystal ball, right, as to what the future can predict and the pace by which we can achieve things. The second important component of this slide is that, it starts with the restructuring of the costs, the efficiencies of the product line and therefore you noticed that the first column on the slide on the left is long-term cost savings, which we are very much on our way to achieve. We already are on an annualized $20 million cost savings. We got $5 million to $10 million to go. And those are the things we have identified for now and clearly but the management team Analytics is also not going to stop there, it's going to keep tightening and tightening in a way that creates further efficiencies. Then on the right-hand side, as you see, we put the incremental revenue target up there which we think are going to take a little longer than the cost savings. But we're confident that at least from today's vantage point that this – as I mentioned earlier that a significant amount of new product development and repositioning of the product and utilization of the use cases and the like can help was achieve these kinds of revenue profiles to get to an EBITDA – to say think about it a steady state from today's vantage point, EBITDA margins in the 30s%. Once we achieve those, it doesn't mean that's where we end. We then will have to reassess. Is that an appropriate margin? Can we do better? Can we not? I don't know, it's clearly too early to tell. Right now what we can give you is what we see in the horizon and then reassess when we get there as to what else can be done.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, I think the -- first of all, I honestly want to ensure that I point out again that the softness in any particular quarter should not be a cause for alarm. And it's something that if we have a blow out quarter unless we tell you otherwise should not be a cause for euphoria. And so and we will be guiding you through that given the segment reporting on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I will not – if I were you, I would not read that much into the softness of this quarter. Remember, we had a huge amount of volatility. In the U.S. Labor Day was a week later and then so September was really three weeks to close a lot of deals. So the distraction by our clients and the late return of people from vacation and all of that may have caused some of the things to slip. And overall, for example, I mean, going into the final week of the quarter, there was like $4 million – this is not just in Analytics, but overall there was like $4 million that could have closed in the quarter. And that slipped into the final end quarter and that was about a 100% higher than in prior quarters. So that tells you a little bit of the some of this artificial sort of lines that we put into quarters. What is very important is that the pipeline is pretty good, so we feel very good about the pipeline. Now, the timing of closing all of that again is a question of working with our clients and getting approval for their purchases and so on and so forth. So we feel pretty good now. My keen focus – and the team's keen focus on the various use cases is so that we rally the resources of the firm to achieve the objectives of the client. Said it differently, instead of selling products and features and applications and models and the like we're trying to flip a lot of that completely and say solve use cases. So, okay, a client wants 10% better cost efficiencies in the way they are managing their risk – their risk management effort, how do we achieve that with our tools, let's work backwards from that. Our client is looking for a 50 basis point or better improvement in their portfolios, what can the tools do to achieve that and so on and so forth. Or worse yet, right, the clients are with a huge deadline by regulators to provide certain reports and the like, how can we rally our resources to achieve that. So all of that gives us a good amount of optimism. But again, this revenue, the sale process and the revenue process initially will be slow and we hope that after a few quarters, it accelerates and over time it begins to move certainly more rapidly. But again, we have to see how it all goes in all of this. I want to make sure our expectations are right that we're really focusing on profitability first and launching the products that we – and utilizing the benefit of all the products that we have launched and the ones that were coming out and then focusing on increasing sales.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, Keith, I mean, 10 year is an eternity for us. So we're for sure not focused on that. So we're growing closer to the first range. But again, we left it totally flexible at this point because we can't tell you how all of this will evolve. We can't tell you how market conditions and how product development efforts and so on and so forth. So again, we – it's not clear if it was that we have a specific set of targets and – I mean we – a timing on the targets. What we have is target that we want to achieve. And if it takes a while, it take a while. If they come sooner, they come sooner. But we don't have a specific timeframe set where we're going to hurry, but we don't want a specific timeframe, so we can't provide that to you.
Henry A. Fernandez: So the way to think about the enterprise is that we are already at a steady state of EBITDA margin in Index. It will go up and down, obviously, within the range and beyond depending on certain conditions. We are ramping up the margin on Analytics and the milestone is in the 30s% at some point and to what happens after that. And then thirdly, this Other area, Other product category that's out where we're putting a lot of our new investments that we think will have a high revenue growth, but we need to have meaningful investments in them and, at the beginning, we will run them out of deficit. But over time, we want to make sure they're breakeven and then contribute to the overall profitability of the firm. So, therefore, where we're focused on in efficiencies and profitability are in Analytics is to get to where we want to be. And within the Other category is the Real Estate because it's an area that we've been investing and restructuring and reengineering the whole product line after the acquisition so we can bring it back to a positive contribution to profitability of the firm. Acquisitions, they can happen in any one of our businesses, and we look at them all the time, for sure, especially smaller acquisition, but I think I want to emphasize that the footprint that we have at MSCI is enough for now to make us focus on organic growth. So the vast majority of our efforts at MSCI are organic growth with selective bolt-on expansion acquisitions. That's where we are right now. Obviously, if anything change, then we will report that.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. If you think about the investment plan that we went through in 2013 and 2014, which was very important to us, we needed some investment, catch-up or step-up investments in Index, which we achieve and you noted in the segment and, therefore, the EBITDA margins in Index went down to about 64%, 69% because we needed that. We definitely needed a meaningful amount of investments, particularly on our data centers and our sort of running of the infrastructure of the applications that we provide in Analytics. There were investments there in significantly upgrading the leadership of the technology team in all aspects of that and, obviously, a lot of investment in capital expenditure with the data centers and software and things like that and new applications that we're building. So we're benefiting from that investment in this space right now. There were significant investment in servicing our entire client base around the world, so there was a step-up for that. So as we look at that period, that's a period that has benefited us in getting the retentions rate so high and in stabilizing and now growing the Analytics product line and in maintaining our leadership in the Index franchise. So where we are now is at a point in which that step-up of investment has served us well. And we are now on a normal step-up basis as opposed to a big step-up, a normal cadence every quarter every year, which tells us that this is pretty sustainable for a period of time. Now if there were to be a different perspective of that and we need another rash of investments in the future, which we don't see in the immediate future or medium term future, we'll come back to you, but we feel pretty good about what we did. It was painful, obviously, and describing it all to you, and the share price did not benefit from that and the like, but there are times in which you got to do that in order to make sure that the long-term value proposition of this business to our client is great and to our shareholders and continue to drive shareholder value.
Robert Qutub: In the Other side, when we have ESG and Real Estate, and the Real Estate tends to dominate the one-times, and we've spent a lot of time trying to move those more into recurring and we have seen some tapering off, but with the platform we're expecting us to be able to generate more product capabilities across the regions that are out there, but most of those are coming out of the Real Estate segment. And they tend to be one-time sales, one-time subscriptions that are out there.
Robert Qutub: We look at – we try to bring it down to where our cash is now. Obviously, we continue to deploy cash. All the way past through the quarter end, we used the rest of our $800 million authorization. We got about $600 million cash on our balance sheet that's available. Acquisitions are obviously a good deployment of capital that can be done either synergistically or they can be done to filling gaps or they can be done to excel capabilities like most recently we have had a few. But we still – we're looking for the highest return and we have been deploying capital through buyback. With the $1 billion authorization, as I indicated earlier, we intend to continue to buy that back until opportunities come up our way that are different, but the highest and best deals is what we're focused on.
Robert Qutub: We're going to – we kept it open and we're committed to returning. It's just we're going to basically face ourselves over the course of the next few periods. As I said, Chris, we're way ahead of our original commitment of returning the $1 billion. We are 96% on that initial $1 billion and we remain committed to returning that and using our recently issued debt to the highest and best use.
Robert Qutub: Well, it goes back to when you look at our balance sheet, and when we talked about at the second quarter working with the board, we felt the more appropriate level of leverage was 3 times to 3.5 times was better matched our cash flows. And we had a great opportunity to raise $800 million, as Henry mentioned, extremely efficiently in the first part of August before the volatility struck. And we've always remain committed, Chris, that we are not here to store cash. We are here to deploy it as efficiently and effectively as we can. And I think our record in the third quarter here shows that we did deploy a lot of capital as the market moved and the volatility enhanced, we were able to efficiently buyback a lot of shares, 8 million shares to be specific since the beginning of the third quarter.
Robert Qutub: Yeah, 3.4 basis points which was down and 3.43 basis points and 3.51 basis points year before on a linked and year-over-year basis.
Robert Qutub: The timeline is immediate. We have already started to take advantage of our global footprint and realigning where our leadership is, all aligned with what the tax and where we think the value is. In terms of selling IP and moving IP, that's a different conversation. Obviously, you want to explore that. But really, right now, it's really aligning where the value is on our footprint. And that will happen probably you will see it in our operating rate, it is actually pretty strong. We had some discrete items this quarter reflective of state items that could benefit on the sale of our investment to offset that, but we did inside of the tax rate have some benefit in the third quarter and will be continuing ongoing as it becomes more meaningful. When we talk about guidance next year, we will talk more about what we think those rates should be.
Robert Qutub: In terms of the margins in the Other segment, the direction of them? Vincent, I am sorry, I just want to make sure – we didn't hear you well, Vincent.
Robert Qutub: There's two factors. I will start up and Henry can finish it. You can see that we were actually moving in that direction. You can see – and the best way to look at the Other segment, Vincent, in my view, is look at it on a year-to-date basis. You can see that the revenues on an absolute basis grew about 2.6% or about $1.6 million. But what we saw was efficiencies that I referred to on the Real Estate expenses actually on a year-to-date basis has declined, driving the margin to coming more towards a breakeven and, as I talked about, ESG is growing significantly. Obviously, the reported run rates in ESG are obviously down because now we have annualized GMI, so you're starting to see them in the high-teens, closer to 20%. That's one factor. The other factor that help drive the growth is the platform I referred to on Real Estate and not only will provide a better client experience, it will provide more efficiency as well as a platform to grow on. That's what we see going forward.
Robert Qutub: I think – let me – the question is, when we went through all of the cost base, we had several dedicated costs. More than half of our costs tend to be dedicated and aligned around the products, we tend to become more corporate and share a lot of the infrastructure costs, but we see it (54:33) through either time tracking or allocations. Costs that you see here from a contribution margin defined as what I would say is our cost of revenues, inclusive of our selling and our R&D, those are really aligned around the products. The overhead or general and administrative tends to be Henry and Bob and some of the other infrastructure that's out there. And our goal on that is to keep it low. Right now 7.4% was the general and administrative cost of our revenues. We continue to drive that out to be as efficient as we can and continue to maximize the gross profit line and that comes through a combination of specialists within the product as well as being able to allocate the full corporate benefit and the footprint that we have out there.
Robert Qutub: And also, you can see we demonstrated some immediate action on the cost, as Henry referred to about what we've done in Analytics.
Robert Qutub: A couple of things. One is R&D is what we're spending on for the future, okay, as opposed to cost of revenues to support the existing book of business, and selling and marketing to grow the existing clients and new clients acquisition. Here, two things. In the first half of the year, recall we talked about the technology project associated with RMA that we decided to spend away from because the benefits that we had initially identified had diminished and we had a write-off of about $3.5 million to $4 million in the first quarter, which would have inflated the first quarter, and you can see that in historical results and also that inflates it on the year-to-date basis. I did talk about the linked quarter decline coming down significantly. And one of the components was deferred software, which is on catch-up basis in the third quarter that would actually have deep – just sort of depress the expense or reduce the expense for the linked quarter. So you would see that come back up slightly in the fourth quarter. One of the contributing factors that we referred to is slightly increasing costs in the fourth quarter.
Robert Qutub: When you think about that, it's just under 6% of revenues. I would say on a more normalized basis, that probably would be higher – slightly higher, closer to the 6.5%, 7% that you've seen historically once it gets full up and running.
