Henry A. Fernandez: 5.5-or-so percent growth in the risk analytics product line, excluding foreign exchange fluctuations. And we're hoping that given the refocusing on the business, the streamlining of the teams that we're going to have a similar progression to what we did with equity analytics. First, getting it to the high-single digits and maybe eventually getting into the 10%, 11% range. But at this point, it's too early to tell when that will happen. Those are our expectations. And very importantly, also we're very focused on the cost structure of all of this. They're fairly profitable, but we like them to be even more profitable. So, we're focusing on combining functions, combining cost, combining technology, combining a lot of things so that we can expand the margins of this product line.
Henry A. Fernandez: Hard to tell at this point. I will say that – the comment that we made was that that we had a couple of larger deals that just slipped by a few days, the end of the quarter and therefore, the carryover into the second quarter. We obviously have to continue to work the pipeline in the second quarter and if everything closes in the way we would like it to be there, it'd be a good quarter. But we may have again two or three larger deals at the end of the second quarter that slipped into the third quarter, and so on and so forth. So, I think importantly, the way to think about risk analytics right now is without the actions that we are taking, our sales are kind of trading in that range. And what we're trying to do by the actions that we want to take that we are taking is to try to break out of that range into a higher amount of sales. And we'll be able to update you more where we are on that by the next call. But your expectation should be that we're in that sort of narrow range of sales per quarter of the risk analytics and it could be plus or minus, which is fine, but what we're trying to do is break out of that range to a much higher number.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, Toni, the large majority of our clients, when they don't buy from somebody like us, they're not necessarily going to a competitor. It just means that the product or the functionality that they're looking for does not exist or doesn't exist in the way they wanted it, and therefore, they sit and wait, or they try to sort of patch things together internally in a sub-optimal fashion. So, now we want to continue to move forward the state-of-the-art in multi-asset class risk management and performance management analytics. And that's – because we believe that there is a fairly large feel here to help fulfill a lot of needs that people have to take a whole scientifically of their portfolios and understand on a more timely and more scientific basis what's happening with those portfolios, those total (44:16) portfolios and multi-asset class portfolios. I think the – going back to your first question, I attribute a meaningful part of our – when you look at it globally, a meaningful part of our slower growth to the fact that over the last two years or so, we have been really focused on upgrading the technology platform, including the data centers, making sure that our resilience was high, making sure we're complying with the increasing number of demands that people have about data security and Internet security and sort of cyber-attack security. Many of the diversified financial companies that have asset management subsidiaries are really wanting to see the vendors like ourselves, have airtight procedures in that. So, we've been working on putting all of that in place, and therefore, with the limited investment plan on this product line, we haven't been as aggressive in building a lot of new functionality, a lot of new products, a lot of new features and the likes of, largely but not totally. We're finding ourselves selling just an upgrade of what we have been selling a couple of years ago, and therefore, a meaningful part of the process here is to refocus the investment or the operating expenses if you want to call it of the business, streamline it, consolidate and the like, so we can free up some operating expenses to put into building more functionality, more capabilities and all of that which is going to be good to grow. That's what we did obviously on the equity analytics product line. We tightened up a lot of costs. We refocused efforts and refocused people and all of that, and we started launching our new models. We upgraded – we finished the upgrade on BPM and the completion of that and bingo, you start selling a lot more. So, it's not very complex. It's not very difficult. We've just got to tackle it and focus on it and get going because we believe that there is demand there. That's not to say that parts of the world are challenged. I mean, clearly, a lot of our asset managers in Continental Europe, for example, are going through difficult times because of the economy and the investment market there. And they maybe less expansive in investing, but we have a lot of clients in Asia, a lot of clients in the Americas and in other parts of the world that are waiting for us to give them better products and enhanced capabilities.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, I think in a nutshell, when – we're strongest around the world, developed markets, emerging markets and the like. So, when you see major flows of assets going to a lot of markets around the world, developed, emerging and the like, we benefit significantly. When you see a lot of flows going into the U.S., we do have a lot of U.S. products. So, we see inflows in those U.S. products. But relative to some of our own competitors and relative to the strength that we have around the world, you don't see as large amount of inflows. And the second part is that we're benefiting from factor indexes, obviously a lot of money going into there, as Bob indicated, and we're benefiting from the strong dollar, and people wanting investment products that are hedged against the dollar, right? So, that's what's happening, right? Now, look, this can reverse, right? If you see a huge amount of money flowing back to the U.S. at some point, we'll continue to get a major, a meaningful share of the flows because this is a category that is growing, but it may not be 60%, may be lower.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Let me try that, the challenge that we're facing at the company is that we have a few analytic application platforms that are – as a result of our own sort of growing and as a result of the acquisitions that we made, right. So, if you think about we have the RiskManager platform that came with the RiskMetrics acquisition and that supports a large number of use cases and significant amount of run rate. And then you have the BarraOne Technology platform that also has a lot of risk multi-asset class risk management capabilities, some fixed income portfolio management capabilities and some equity portfolio management capabilities and you have Barra Portfolio Manager platform which has a lot of equity portfolio management capabilities and is dealt on top of the BarraOne platform. So, what we're trying to do is in order to satisfy the convergence that clients have or need of having a much more integrated content and application that unites the risk management function, the equity portfolio management function and the fixed income portfolio management function into one consolidated approach. We've been taking – instead of trying to rebuild the whole thing which is not a good thing, we have been trying to come up with various technologies and programs to pull them together, as we think about it at the operational level, and then provide a much more integrated approach to the client. So, we went down this path, with this project, with technology that was good and tested, but it didn't do what we wanted it to do. So simultaneously with that, we had another approach to look at a different kind of technology that is probably newer and more innovative that could do it. And we are going with the second one, and therefore, stop doing the first one and discontinued it. And given that the accounting rules indicate that capitalize the time and effort in building that then we wrote it off.
Henry A. Fernandez: But the goal is still the same, and I'm glad you asked this question, Chris, because the goal is still the same which is how do we take the existing operating system so to speak that we have built on the data libraries, the analytical libraries, and the computational abilities, the datacenters, and the like, and how do we glue them together and put them together with an overarching technology that connects them all, so that we can provide a much better integrated service to our clients that unites all these process in an efficient and fast way. And I think this new thing that we're looking at that is still in obviously developmental stage is very promising. But again, we'll have to report more on that in the future, right. So, there's a little bit of good news and bad news. The bad news is we wrote it off. The good news is that we find an alternative way that is better, and it holds more promise. And so, we're on that path right now.
Henry A. Fernandez: And I'll also add that everything that I said about the better leverage and better profitability of analytics including RMA, is not factored in in all the communication that we have given you about margin expansion in the course of this year, right. So, if that were to happen faster, it will be better. But obviously it's hard to tell at this point, clearly how fast we can turn growth around to a faster level and higher profitability so that would be – if we do it and happens this year or next year that would be on top of what we're thinking in terms of margin expansion.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, I mean, through the equity analytics product line, we have been the leader in factor investing since 1975. So, when you think about the content that goes into the analytics product line, remember, there's a lot of content that then gets enabled by an application like BPM. So, the content is all about factor investing. It's about what are the factors that give you the sources of risk and return in an equity portfolio. So, the entire DNA of our equity analytics organization is about understanding market factors that are driving risk and return in portfolios. So, when you combine that expertise with the significant expertise that we have in building equity indexes, you end up with something that no other competitor in the marketplace has right now, which is a major expertise on understanding factors and understanding how factors drive portfolios and back-testing those portfolios, and so on and so forth.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, we've had, by now, two board meetings with them. And there was a fairly extensive onboarding process. Wendy Lane, which is one of our new directors, is sitting here in the room with us. So, welcome, Wendy, to the – to our first quarterly call here.
Henry A. Fernandez: And it has been a significant amount of contribution because they went through a rigorous onboarding process. They are looking at the business with fresh eyes, and that's always good, including people like me looking it for a long time. So, it's good to see people looking at it from a fresh perspective. And they are very, very good directors that are really eager to contribute to the success of the company. So, there's been a lot of discussion and debate about all of that. And importantly, because we are – in the next few months, we have our usual annual strategy discussion with the board in the summer, and they're very engaged in doing that with us and helping us sort of think through all the opportunities that we have ahead of us.
Robert Qutub: Not comparable, Toni. This is Bob. We had significantly reduced inflows. We had positive inflows. Recall in the fourth quarter, a significant portion of inflows flowed into the U.S. You saw it in S&P and you saw in the first quarter a lot of it flowed out. Total flows in the ETFs were $53 billion. We captured $32 billion of it which is 60%. So, you can see some of the tone in there which was interesting, continued inflows into factors, which is $4 billion. But the interesting piece was we saw currency-hedged ETFs become popular in the first quarter given all the FX volatility. That's not necessarily a new product for us. That was something that we had in our tool kit and our investors were prepared to use and offer that to their clients and their investors. So, not comparable, back to your first question but...
Robert Qutub: Sure, Chris. We were focusing in on working on bringing together our product lines in the risk management analytics area, and that has been going on internally. So, the accounting convention that is capitalizing internally developed software cost, $2.9 million of that was compensation, $0.5 million was non-compensation. As Henry pointed out, we reached to the point where, yes, we could still continue to achieve sales. It's probably better. There's a better way to look at the platform as we combined the analytics, so we made a decision that this was not the highest and best use of where we focused our attention, and now we're looking at a new platform going forward. So, again, it was an accounting charge, previously deferred costs that were related to an analytics technical project.
Robert Qutub: The one thing I want to add on that, Chris, is that in between here, we're still going through the research and development phase, so the deferred capitalizations are not occurring because we haven't reached that point. So as Henry pointed out, we're still going through the review process of it.
Robert Qutub: There's really – the growth would be, as I related to, if you take the first quarter and analyze it, it's more inflationary-based related to compensation. We had a little bit higher turnover in the first quarter. We'll be backfilling some of that, and we've got some other charges out there that we see in the future coming through. But I would hesitate to call it growth other than normal business as usual, Chris.
Robert Qutub: I think the message is that constant currency, we're in the mid – we're looking now at the lower end of $620 million to $640 million, probably benchmarked somewhere at the lower half on a constant currency. Obviously, FX seems to be volatile. Look what's happened in this first quarter or the second quarter. Sterling has climbed back up, euro has climbed back up. So, that's why I said, the impact has been on FX given our exposure. Yes, it's been there, but that could be a reversal as we proceed through the year, which we focus on the constant currency. And again, a piece of that growth is really, I'd call it, growth that was carried over that I mentioned in the first quarter and that'll continue on a year-over-year basis that we've talked about last quarter.
Robert Qutub: When we look at our forecasting, and as we take a look at it, we feel – I mean, our run rate is giving you a very good indication top line and what's happening out there, and we're managing our expenses to what we told you would be a midpoint. And as Henry pointed out, we're pulling for the timing of when our margin expansion would occur year-over-year in the first quarter. So we'll continue to see that steadily increase and we'll measure our costs going forward as we move forward, progress, and expanding the margin over the course of the year.
Robert Qutub: No. I think – look, we look at this completely. We've had some very strong top-line performers, as Henry has pointed out. The index subscription which is core continues to show double-digit growth. The AUMs have been phenomenal on the ETF. Again, there could be a reversal of fortune out there, but then again, that's a significant piece of our revenue. Very promising top line growth on both ESG. And when you currency adjust the real estate, that continues to grow as well. Now, remember, that's the currency adjusted for real estate. Remember, there is exposure on the expenses so we get a benefit offsetting that as well. The PMA business grew significantly, when you think about it from that context, so it really is isolated to the RMA. And as Henry pointed out, the constant currency run rate was about 5.5%, so we're not all dependent on RMA. It does have a piece. If it does taper off, that does have some headwinds, but that's focusing in on the run rate on there. So, we still – look we haven't as of the end of the first quarter, we feel confident of continued margin expansion over the course of the year based on our analysis.
Robert Qutub: Yeah, Henry's point, we're proactively managing our cost. We're constantly looking for efficiencies, we've demonstrated that in the first quarter. We will continue to demonstrate that and make tradeoffs going forward for the rest of the year with an eye on profitability.
Robert Qutub: It's kind of chunky. I mean, Joel, I would look at it because as Henry talked to, you've got timing related to certain projects (61:09) so hesitant to make it a straight line. We're trying to give you a guidance on where we come in for the full year of $55 million to $65 million. For the full year obviously, it was a little bit lower in, so anticipated higher in the out quarters for the rest of the year.
Robert Qutub: The only item – I mean, is obviously is going to be seasonality some of it. I mean, you can look at the non-cash charge of $500,000 that I referred to in my comments. If you recall, $3.4 million non-cash, $2.9 million of it was related to compensation. The other half was reversed in non-compensation. There's going to be some other seasonal charges in there. Obviously, CapEx was low. We can correlate some of the non-compensation costs to CapEx as we get equipment up and running and get licenses. So, there'd be some correlation there. But we're really effectively managing the cost on a discretionary basis as tight as we can – as well as we can with good corporate governance.
