Henry A. Fernandez: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to your questions, I want to welcome Bob Qutub, our incoming Chief Financial Officer. Bob joined MSCI at the beginning of July and will officially take over the CFO role very shortly. Over the course of his long career in Bank of America, Bob was instrumental in developing and implementing a comprehensive set of financial and operating metrics for each of the business units for which he was CFO of. This experience will be invaluable as we build the financial infrastructure to support our growth. Welcome, Bob.
Henry A. Fernandez: I also want to acknowledge and recognize the work that David Obstler has done over the past 2 years. This is David's last earnings call and he will be leaving MSCI at the end of the month. As CFO of RiskMetrics from 2005 to 2010, David was one of the architects of that company's growth, its successful IPO and eventual sale. Since joining MSCI at the time of the merger, David has made an important contribution to the successful integration of MSCI and RiskMetrics and has had a critical role in other financing and corporate activities, including the recent successful refinancing of our outstanding debt. He has also been a strong and effective voice of MSCI to many of you and others in this trade. David, thank you for your work in helping to build MSCI and we all wish you well in the next chapter of your professional life.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think it's definitely less than it has been in the last 12 months. I think that a lot of the ETF sponsors are assessing and reassessing a lot of their plans even though this product category has done fairly well relative to many of the other ones, and especially relative to our equity mutual funds in America. There is obviously a significant investment required and some risk in continuing the high pace of launches that took place in the last 12 months. So I think we'll see potentially, a little bit of a slowdown but I think everyone believes that the category continues to be very strong and in our case, we're very focused on not only continuing to work with the existing client base here in the U.S. and in Europe, but we, in the last few months, have started focusing quite a lot of energy of our ETF business in Asia, especially in China.
Henry A. Fernandez: The RMA business, the pipeline continues to be solid and pretty much in many parts of the world. The issue has always been, with these kinds of sales, is that the pipeline is solid, not a lot gets dropped at all from it and the issue is the pace at which we can close out those items in the pipeline and book the sales. In the last 3 or 4 quarters, as we have reported in these calls, given the environment, a lot of our clients are cautious, more approvals are needed, the sales cycle has gotten a little longer and therefore, I would -- therefore, the particular sales that are happening in any single quarter are probably going to be a little more chunky, little more in one quarter, maybe a little less in the following quarter and so on and so forth because of just the nature of the environment. But we continue to feel very good about the pipeline and especially in Europe, actually. And therefore, more to come on this.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, I think this is -- I would view this 84% retention rate in the second quarter, 88% for the first half of the year as business as usual. I mean, some quarters, it will go up to the low 90s, some quarters it will stay in the 80s. The business remains competitive and I think it will stay competitive. We have adapted to that level of competition by doing a lot of different things, obviously including a lot of new product introduction and increasing dramatically our client service efforts and retention efforts and the like. So I would not read too much into it. I think it is going to be bearable, depending on what the sales activity in that particular quarter and this second quarter, there was a little bit of an uptick in cancels but we remain very comfortable of where we are with this business given of course, the challenges in the global environment and also in the quan [ph] managers, which haven't seen that much of a huge influence into their funds. So we feel pretty good and especially because we continue to launch a lot of new products and as an increasing percentage of new sales of the PMA business are in those new products.
Henry A. Fernandez: That's actually a good point because -- that David just made, because we are -- we obviously are agnostic with respect to clients on whether they use our Barra Portfolio Manager or Aegis or BarraOne or they actually get the Models Direct, which is the direct data with our software, and all we want is to make sure we satisfy the needs of the client and they're shopping at MSCI. So I think you will continue to see a little bit of volatility as well in this switch of products from one kind of business to the other and that increasingly -- it'd probably be better to focus on that retention rate rather than the other one.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think last year, especially in the second half, our investment was very much across-the-board from sales to client service, consultants, the business -- the product management and business units, the research and development organizations, for sure, a lot of the support functions in HR and finance and stocks [ph] and the like, and we have benefited from that expansion especially in the client retention because we hire a significant number of people in client service in emerging markets to have a higher approach of service to our clients and be proactive at the times of renewals. So we benefited significantly with that. This year, we're trying to be much more targeted in what we do. I think we have a relatively good footprint of salespeople in all the various locations, we probably could add some more in emerging markets for the emerging market clients, we are looking at that. But we have a fairly good footprint. I think we have hired a number of people in client service and in the process of training them in the last 12 months and getting them fully productive. So I think we're fine with that. A lot of our efforts right now have been more on the product development organization, we're rounding up certain key hires in our research organization. We recently hired a managing director in our multi-asset class risk modeling team, has joined us a few weeks ago. We're in the process of hiring somebody else as well in our equity modeling, fino [ph] process. So we're making those investments there. And lastly, we want to continue to strengthen the administrative function. We recently hired our global head of HR, which started yesterday and we're going to make some selective hires in the financial organization to build out that team, especially financial analysis and planning and especially an infrastructure to look at investment very thoroughly on a return on investment basis and tracking them and the like. So those are some of the targeted investments we're making as opposed to, pretty much, as opposed to across the board.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes, what we did in the second quarter was, we took a very hard look once again at all the functions that we perform in developed market centers in New York, London, Geneva, in Berkeley and Tokyo and places like that and we said, what kind of functions of those that we do there can be moved to emerging market centers where we already have built an infrastructure, where we already have talent and we can add more talent to that place? And we have benefited from having already built a lot of it, enabling technology to glue all those teams globally. So a lot of what we did in the second quarter was not in the sales organization or client service or in consulting. It was not in the distribution part of the organization. A lot of it was not also in the product management organization, those functions continue to be needed in financial centers as close to the clients as possible. A lot of the effort of continuing to migrate positions have been in software engineering, in IT infrastructure, in data, some functions in finance that we can do better and with great talent in emerging market centers, so those are some examples of that, Jennifer.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think, Suzi, there are 2 or 3 things that are going on here, to explain these numbers. First, my sense of the quarterly total sales and recurring sales numbers is that they're going to vary a bit up-and-down based on the comment that I made before, which is we have a solid pipeline and in some quarters, we'll close out a higher percentage of the pipeline and in other quarters will be a lower percentage of the pipeline. So from that point of view, there will be more noise than it used to be in a more reasonable environment, operating environment. That's one overall comment. The second one is that we have seen some weakness in asset managers across-the-board in Asia, in Europe and the U.S. and especially in the U.S. and asset managers are clearly a larger percentage, 55% or so of our sales are to asset managers and it's not because they don't want to make the purchases, it's not because they don't need the product, they are just being cautious in what they're doing and if anything, those are the ones that are delaying or taking more time to make decisions about items in the pipeline. So that has had that effect in the second quarter. So I think that clearly, if the environment continues to deteriorate, I don't think we will see too many items being withdrawn from the pipeline because that has been our experience in the last 5, 6 quarters. What we may see is again, elongated sales cycles that will take longer to close out the pipeline. So we've entered Q3 with a very solid pipeline, actually even more solid than it was in Q2. But in Q2, the turning of the pipeline into sales was lower and it's hard to say what will happen in Q3. It could be that we end up doing better than we did in Q2 or we could have been equal or worse than in Q2. But what we feel cautiously optimistic is that the pipeline remains healthy and solid and now it's just a question of grinding through it and trust me, it's a lot of grinding through it, given the difficult environment our clients are facing. And as you know well, there is a lot of uncertainty all over the place there in the U.S. There is every single excuse that people can give you from the elections, the fiscal cliff, the Dodd-Frank and all of that. In Europe, it's obviously the sovereign debt crisis but in Europe, relative to targets, we have done, relative to targets that we set for ourselves last year, we've done actually relatively well and a lot of it is because our products do well in these kinds of environment and secondly, a lot of our business in Europe is concentrated in the U.K. and in Northern Europe, much less in Southern Europe and we benefited from that. Asia is weak. Actually, a lot of people talk about the difficulties of hiring and selling into Europe, if anything, in Asia, it's actually weaker for us. But fortunately, it's a smaller percentage of our overall business.
Henry A. Fernandez: I'd like to stay away from guidance on a specific segment especially, obviously, in index subscription. What I can tell you, Bill, is that there clearly has been a slowdown, a gradual slowdown in index subscription sales compared to this time last year and I don't see that accelerating meaning -- I don't see that slowdown turning around fast to a recovery given where we are between now and the second half -- the end of the year because China's still in a little bit of a funk and clearly creating issues in Asia. Obviously, I don't see a resolution on the sovereign debt crisis in Europe and a change of environment there. And if anything, in the U.S., we probably will face a little more of an uncertain environment in the September through December period given the election and the fiscal cliff. But I continue to -- we continue to see solid and healthy pipeline in index subscription and now it's just a question of how much we can turn into actual signed contracts and how much of it doesn't happen, but I don't see any significant problems at all in this business. It's just a reflection of the environment, a reflection of cautiousness on the part of asset managers and obviously, there's been weakness with respect to the sales of this product to banks and the like.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think the environment that we're facing is an environment in which we are not seeing deep or significant cost cutting by clients in too many of their functions. And therefore, it's not affecting -- people are not calling and say, I've been told that we got to cut 20% and you got to tell me what part of your business with us we're going to cut. There are isolated events like that for sure, but it's not across-the-board, which is good because in an environment like this, you probably would've expected more of that. Secondly, the budgets are still there, that were designed at the end of last year by clients. But people are more cautious in spending it, there are more accruals needed and there are more hurdles that people have to go through and that obviously affects the sales cycle. I think with respect to risk management, many organizations have created budgets or made room to make purchases in this area. Hedge funds, because of the new regulatory requirement, especially Form PF that they have to file with the SEC in the new registration process. As an example, asset owners are on a secular trend to put our risk management systems in a lot of what they do and asset managers are also looking to, especially wealth managers, to put service management systems in that. So if anything, the middle office expenditures compared to a year or 2 years ago, have increased rather than decreased.
Henry A. Fernandez: So I think in the Portfolio Management Analytics, no real change from the last 2 years. I think there was a little bit of a step-down function, right, in terms of pricing and competitive nature of that business at that time and it has remained the same. We won a number of mandates, RFPs from a -- in a competitive bake off and we lost 1 or 2 here and there. So I think that has -- that remains the same and our pricing has pretty much remained the same on that business. On the RMA, on the Risk Management Analytics business, there's been a bit more competition in that business, slightly more, I would not want to scare anybody, slightly more. It has not been -- it has been more around functionality, bundling services, ability to have certain types of models and certain types of software, much more than an issue of price. I think there will be selective cases in which price becomes the issue. But right now, it's more of an issue of, are you covering the whole waterfront and what the client needs, do you have the expertise in all the various asset classes and the like.
Henry A. Fernandez: Nothing. There's absolutely no change whatsoever on that front with BlackRock. As we said before, they're a very valuable client of ours and we hope that, that remains for many years to come. On the ETF front, we continue to build -- to have and strengthen and build a very strong relationship. There are very frequent meetings among our teams all over the world. They have launched 25 ETFs linked to our indices so far this year and then they just launched 4 in Canada in the last week or 2. They have more to come so the "business as usual relationship" is strong, it's very collaborative and the like. So no change to what we said at the time.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. I think at this point, we are -- we're beginning to see more and more acquisition opportunities. That doesn't mean we're going to do anything but I think what was happening in the last couple of years was there wasn't a single bid; those companies who wanted to sell, were waiting for a full recovery and with the double-dip, they probably got scared and said "might as well take the money now rather than keep waiting". So we've seen more dialogue, we've seen more flow and the like at reasonable prices. Nothing big, just smaller kind of deals. And therefore, it behooves us to keep our powder very dry in that environment to, in the event that something comes along that we like that is strategic, that is in our backyard and all the things that -- our criteria has not changed, whatsoever, in terms of acquisitions. So I think that, that is what is informing, basically, our view on cash versus using the cash to pay down debt or for our own purposes. But look, 1 year goes by, 2 years goes by and nothing really happens there, we'll have to reassess and decide what we want to do.
Henry A. Fernandez: I'm thinking ultimately, as I've disclosed in our financial statements, the only customer that sticks out, given the strong relationship we have, is BlackRock, right? And that's mostly on the nature of the ETF business, which is our -- some of these are MSCI brand and ETF that clients love to have, right? Or investors, I should say, love to have. So there is no real meaningful exposure to any other single client anywhere in the world. And therefore, the merger of 2 large client of ours, first of all, it typically takes time for that to work through the system in terms of rationalizing expenses. Secondly, sometimes, they end up needing more tools from us and therefore, they convert the spend that they have on loss on other products. So sometimes, the run rate doesn't go down. And then thirdly, as I said, there is no meaningful exposure to any other single client, as I said, with the exception of BlackRock given the ETF revenues.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think, David, just to add, I mean, do not underestimate how widely diversified our business is from names of institutions. If anything, sometimes we'll report our run rate, or sometimes we talk about our run rate with any particular institution, but often -- more often than not, that is broken down into 3 areas. So if it's a big financial institution, it's the broker-dealer it's the wealth management, it's the investment management part. So they're very different organizations. Secondly, we are very diversified across regions of the world, across client types -- from pension funds and other forms of asset owners and asset managers and hedge funds, the wealth managers and the like, from top down managers to passive managers and we're very diversified across product lines from indices and PMA, RMA, executive compensation analytics and governance products and services and the like. So no one single lever of any of these creates a meaningful or significant shock to the system.
David M. Obstler: Yes, if you look at the Core Retention Rate, which excludes product switches amongst star [ph], the retention rate for the first half of the year was just under 90%, which is a pretty good retention rate, a little under last year, and it reflects what we've been talking about, which is strong concentration on our core clients, and new products and innovation to retain those clients.
David M. Obstler: And Suzi, to amplify a little bit what Henry's saying and give you an example. The pipeline as we've been saying, hasn't really changed that much in the last few quarters. But we have some chunky business. So what determines that last few million dollars of sales is do we sign a contract at the end of the quarter or the beginning of the next quarter or later. And for instance, there were a couple contracts in the quarter that didn't get signed and got signed at the beginning of the next quarter. We can't predict that but given the lumpiness of this in some of the product lines, that determines the last few million dollars of sales and therefore, your comparison.
David M. Obstler: And Bill, with regard to your expense question, let me talk -- review some of the expense discussion that is onetime or special in the quarter and without getting to margin guidance. I think we mentioned that there was a $4 million severance in the court [ph] relating...then in terms of duplicate rents, that number is in the low millions per quarter. In terms of the duplicate facilities, we do have an increase of rent that we mentioned, $2.5 million year-over-year and about half of that, roughly, is in the increase in the rent and half of that is in the duplicate rent. We also mentioned that in the fourth quarter, related to our consolidated third quarter, sorry, it relates to our consolidation of facilities in New York, that we would have a write off and we mentioned $3 million to $5 million, which would be related to the exit from one of our facilities. So those are some of the things that I wanted to call out on the expense structure.
David M. Obstler: We haven't reported yet. It would be something that wouldn't be recurring but it would be part of our operating expenses.
David M. Obstler: We expect it to be third quarter and we expect, as we have been, in both our Qs and our earnings to report on that as we reach that number.
David M. Obstler: And if you look also at the retention rate in terms of what clients are doing with their existing products, the retention rates of, in the risk area, of around 92% and across the company, indicate that clients are sticking with their products and this is relatively the same level that they've ordered in the past.
David M. Obstler: Yes, the 10-K is not related to any change in the agreement or any change. As Henry mentioned, it's related to the request of the SEC for information in a certain form.
David M. Obstler: In a product line, as we talked about over the years, in a product line in a quarter, because the computation is magnified, but over the year, no.
David M. Obstler: And I think as Henry mentioned, we sell a department level off [ph] and so it's a combination of those operations as departments. We obviously have a lot of history now since the financial crisis and have seen this happen and I think as Henry mentioned, it goes a number of ways. It goes toward the consolidation where they buy more. But generally, the organization that resolves, isn't turning off the services altogether and it's a renegotiation and consolidation over a longer period of time.
