C. D. Baer Pettit: Thank you, Henry. I'll start on slide 5 highlighting in more detail the manner in which we are serving clients in new and innovative ways. The versatility and utility of our content and applications allow us to package our offerings for a wide range of use cases and help clients adapt to the fast-changing investment industry. Driven by our keen focus on increasing market penetration, there has been growing momentum in many of our key client segments, such as asset owners, asset managers, wealth managers, and broker dealers. Each segment experienced double-digit year-over-year subscription run rate growth and they collectively comprise around 85% of our subscription run rate. Let me elaborate further in each of these categories, starting with asset owners. Asset owners are increasingly insourcing portions of their investment activities. Consequently, these clients are using our analytics, ES&G contacts and our indexes, including factor and ES&G indexes to assist them with understanding their portfolio risks, managing their exposures and achieving their overall investment objectives. Following a recent multi-product solution sale, a large U.S. pension fund, who already uses our market cap indexes as policy benchmarks, will begin to implement factor strategies across their plan. The pension fund chose to license our multi-asset class factor analytics platform to support them in portfolio construction and risk management. They also licensed our models to allow factor exposure reporting to their plan board and for evaluating the factor performance drivers of their active portfolio. Additionally, they made an allocation to track an MSCI Factor Index, leading to downstream revenue for us. Our client coverage and research teams with support from the executive team played a key role in helping the client understand how the range of our capabilities can be used together. These type of opportunities have driven year-over-year subscription run rate growth of 16% across the asset owner client segment. Turning to active asset managers, this segment is increasingly looking to differentiate themselves and explain how they create value. To enable this, active asset managers are turning to MSCI and leveraging our content like factor analytics to construct strategies that demonstrate differentiated alpha and manage factor bets. Increasing numbers of clients are licensing our ES&G ratings to highlight favorable ES&G practices. This is also our largest segment for multi-asset class risk and performance analytics. These opportunities drove year-over-year subscription run rate growth of 11% across this client segment. Within broker dealers, we're finding numerous new opportunities to help them better serve their retail and institutional clients with structured products, like index-linked notes or factor overlay instruments increasingly with ES&G tilts. Overall, year-on-year subscription run rate growth was 10% within this segment. This opportunity has been further enhanced by growing liquidity in the MSCI-based index and futures options markets. Q2 run rate in futures and options, based on our indexes, was up approximately 36% year-on-year. We're seeing similar One MSCI demand from wealth managers, whose need to build model portfolios based on our indexes is helping to fuel 10% plus growth rate within this client segment. We are better able to identify these type of opportunities through enhanced go-to-market strategies. In addition to our established client relationships at the user level, we are increasingly engaging the C-Suite at our clients and leveraging our research team to engage with investment professionals at our clients about how they can use our products and services to help them achieve better investment-related objectives. Now let's turn to slide 6. Slide 6 highlights some of the key statistics, which reflect the benefits of these opportunities. As you can see, more and more clients are using products from across all segments, and our largest clients are growing at a higher growth rate than the rest. We also see the benefits of these opportunities in our strategic account manager program. Our strategic clients comprise our largest clients, representing 41% of our total subscription run rate, and both key statistics such as 11% subscription run rate growth and 95.7% retention rate. We've had a strong pipeline of new product enhancements in the first half of the year, which will continue into the next two quarters. With that, I turn the call over to Kathleen.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Yeah. Look, I think the biggest thing here is we've been very consistent in our objective to show steady improvement in Analytics growth. And it's precisely the point that I was trying to make on slide 5 about the ecosystem that as our capabilities improve and as our clients see us execute effectively, it's become something of a virtuous circle. So, I think that we've been consistent in that story about Analytics. I think, there's nothing extraordinary in the Index numbers, per se. So look, we've said this before and it will continue to be the case that we cannot manage every – particularly, certain large sales may come a little – just after the quarter end or just before. But my headline here is, I wouldn't read too much into it. I think it's a consistent performance. I don't think it's an unusual performance. And we wouldn't view this as being an outlier in any way, and it's part of a steady trend.
C. D. Baer Pettit: No. Not at all. Just I would call it was a normal – normally successful quarter. Nothing unusual, no particularly outlier deals or anything that's worthy of comment.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Yes, for sure. Absolutely. So, I think those are both categories where we have clearly seen attractive growth over the last number of years and we felt that the business was both at an inflection point in terms of its scale and its growth potential that additional senior leadership could really make the most of that. So, I think it's really a sign, if you like, from a – not from a product point of view, but from a client point of view of – partly product in the futures and options area and partly client type, of the continued diversification of our portfolio. And the point that I was making on slide 5 of how our ecosystem becomes a virtuous circle. So, we're very pleased that we feel we can make these sort of investments, because that's what they are. They're investments in our colleagues, in humans, and we really feel confident that they will pay off in the next year and the years ahead.
Henry A. Fernandez: No. Thanks for that question, Alex. There is relatively no new information coming out of the announcement of Fidelity. Basically, it is part of a trajectory in this industry, like any other industry, that when you have attractive returns in certain parts of the world, capital flows to that, participants flows to that, and it puts pressure, obviously, on pricing. So, we expect that to continue, for sure. We also expect that to be a long-term trend with certain step functions along the way, but it's a long-term trend. And therefore, we are focused with ourselves, with also our partners in either mutual fund managers, or index fund managers, or ETF managers, to optimize our opportunity in the context of those trends and those competitive dynamics. And what that is, is focused on what we call run rate growth or revenue growth and optimizing the tradeoff between volume and pricing and positioning obviously of our offerings and, in their case, their offerings, their investment offerings to the client base. So, that's what we have been doing for a very long time. If you want to think about it, that's what we did back in 2012 in the context of a large client leaving us at the time, and we ended up with recovery and a great result after that. So, that's that. Now, with respect to the dialogue we have with all of our clients, including our largest clients is, obviously, we constantly have debate and discussions as to what is the right positioning strategy. They tell us what the view, their right position strategy for their investment products and how we fit into that as the supplier of the indices into those products, what is the appropriate distribution, to what type of client, what clients are more price sensitive, what client are less, what clients are focused more on liquidity of products versus long and hold, and therefore how do we optimize the volume price tradeoff in order to come out with a large amount of market share and a large amount of revenues. So, there's no difference what we've been doing in the past. My sense, Alex, is that those conversations will clearly continue at a fast pace and will intensify as the industry tries to find an equilibrium in all of this and tries to pick the winners and the losers in that equilibrium, and of course we want to be a large player among the winners.
Henry A. Fernandez: Look, I think the second quarter, similarly to the fourth quarter of 2017, are just early indications of the capital allocation we're making in terms of – let me back up, the strategic focus that we're trying to put in the highest and more strategic growth areas of our company as opposed to the ones that are not. And the ones that are not, we either divest them completely or we harvest them. So, that's the strategic focus. The second part is the capital allocation we provide. We're putting a lot more capital on those strategic areas that are giving us high ROI opportunities, and medium or lower capitals to the ones that don't, but continue to be strategic. And obviously, in terms of profitability and, especially, funding of these investment initiatives, we are obsessively focused on continuously creating efficiencies in the company in order to free up money for profitability and free up money for investment. So, that's no different. So, what you see in the growth rate, for example, Alex, is that clearly, we're very focused on factors – factor investing and within the whole compendium from factor analytics to factor indexes, and the like. We're very focused on the ESG ecosystem from ESG Research and coverage of securities, to ESG Ratings to ESG Indexes, and all that. And that is, obviously, another growth drivers of this. Within Analytics, when you go to page 14 of the slide, we wanted to give you this slide so you can see that the area that we care the most about, which is multi-asset class analytics and equity analytics, are the areas that are growing the most, 10% in the last period here on multi-asset class and fixed income, and 7% on equity analytics. What the drive is, is this other area which has, this slide, $54 million of run rate and, by the way, this $54 million does include the $17 million run rate of InvestorForce that would obviously be out of that once we close that transaction. That is a little bit of a drag. And therefore, we're either divesting or improving or harvesting parts of that. So, what you see here is, in the growth of the revenue, it's obviously the investment that we're making, but also a little bit of a change of mix which is indexes is growing faster, ESG is growing faster, factor analytics are growing faster, and we're either divesting or depriving capital from those areas that are lower growth areas. And therefore, we will anticipate to see a continuation of this, but in a gradual process with some lumpiness quarter-by-quarter because of the Analytics segment.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, we've always been, Toni, a company that does both. We promote from within and bring talent laterally at all levels of the company. We try not to be either or, because there is always a great opportunity to bring new fresh, new blood – new fresher blood into the company and, obviously, reward the talents of the people that are in the company. So, there's no change in that here. Secondly, all these hires are part of the investment plan that we have in key strategic areas. We've mentioned C-level selling with our clients and solutions selling. So, Russell Read will play a large role in there. We talked about the technological transformation of the company. So, we have a saying inside MSCI that we need to become a Silicon Valley high-tech company. Whether we're there or we have a long way to go, I don't know. But we, for sure, will do that very hard, and Jigar comes to help us achieve that. We talked about the – clearly, Asia is a big region that we want to focus on. We've had a vacancy there for about a year and a half in the head of that region. Laurent has been managing it day-to-day from London. So, that's a backfill there. Another example is, obviously, you heard us talk about the opportunity – the large opportunity we have in building index futures and options linked to MSCI indices, already helping exchanges do that around the world. So, we've beefed up that area with George Harrington coming to – so that we can put a lot more emphasis and grow that category, and so on and so forth. So, I don't think this is a change of policy at all. I don't think this an outside investment. It's all embedded in the total run rate of EBITDA and EBITDA expenses and all of that. And there's no change in policy and there's no change in the culture, because we've always done it this way.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So I think, Chris, there is no question that this category will continue to grow and that is the focus that we have at MSCI, how do we capture the significant amount of this growth in all this ETF and index funds and passive categories with our indices, how do we position them and all of that. And as part of that, we use tools such as pricing in order to capture volume and market share. We believe that in a growth trajectory of any product or any industry, the name of the game is to capture a lot of market share, because when it becomes fixed, it's a lot harder to do that, and then it's just a price game, right? So we do that. Now, our indices are obviously invested by us and calculated by us. Other entities provide calculation services to clients that are sort of white labeling or vanilla calculation services. We tend not to do that. We only do that when either us or the client makes the content, so to speak, the index strategy together with a client, and then we serve as calculation of that using our universal securities, our infrastructure and the like. So, we're doing this with a few of the ETF managers that have been launching products recently and we get paid basis points on the basis of that. But we believe that we're adding value in terms of the creation of the content, not just being a calculator that can easily be replaced by somebody else in the future.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, there are two things that are – there are three things. One is, we clearly are trying really hard to consistently grow our subscription run rate in the low-teens, right, in the 10% to 11%, 10% to 12% kind of area. Given the recent past, say, the last five, seven years, it has not been growing in that area. The subscription run rate grew in the kind of 10% area in the five years leading up to 2017, or five years leading up to that. And then we're now trying to migrate to like 11%, 12% type of area. But we don't know, obviously, how successful we can be. We're doing that by kind of three areas. The easiest area is divesting the things that have low growth or negative growth, and that's the categories in Analytics that we were talking about before. The second area is be an innovation machine so that you're adding content to that subscription that is growing at a much faster pace. ESG and factors will be in that category. And then thirdly, then making sure that the big ship (56:22), which is the big ship (56:23) of indices in the subscription who are multi-asset class risk and fixed income, for example, are not being dilutive to growth, but are actually being accretive to growth. So those are the three categories. So you will, hopefully, see a continuation of this. If we continue to be effective at innovating and creating new content that, therefore, may start small, but over time becomes bigger and are higher growth rates, such as the factor space and the ESG space, and continuing to make constant improvement in growing the bigger run rate and then harvesting or getting rid of the things that are dilutive to that.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So remember, pricing – we are a multi-product company. We're not a multi-business company, we're a multi-product, one business company. So, therefore, pricing varies by product line. We do price increases in our index subscription, we do price increases in a lot of our analytics. We're beginning to do price increases in our real estate product lines and the like. So then, we clearly have been doing price increases on our particular ESG and factor indices or what we call institutional passive type of products. The category that pricing is either static or declining is the ETF category, sort of as an example. So, we continue to see that happening as scale builds up and efficiency builds up in the industry and as people are trying to capture the market share in the industry. And we are a provider of the index into those managers. And therefore, we want to align our strategy in terms of content, in terms of pricing and in terms of volume, our market share to the strategy of those ETF managers. So, that will definitely continue. What we want to focus on is the growth of the run rate, which is made up of volume or market share, and pricing. In the past, there has been an enormous (59:36) amount of focus on only the pricing part, not the volume part, but the pricing is a tool that is being used to drive and market share in order to create higher revenue. And we'll continue to see that in the industry and we'll continue to do that ourselves.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, so we believe that will continue in the marketplace, and let me tell you why. Look, in the distant past, indices were used only as references to build portfolios. It was more of a guide to build a portfolio. What is happening now is that indices – the building of indices and the creation of indices, they are becoming the portfolio itself. The index is the underlying basis of the portfolio itself. So therefore, it will be – it is ingenious to think that the entire investment industry is just going to rely on third-party indices to beat the underlying basis for their actual portfolios. And therefore, you will see clients create portfolios all the time, all the time, right. That's what their job is, creating portfolios. Some of those portfolios will be created by clients and be – have that referenced against an index. Some of those portfolios will be created by client with an underlying third-party index, like ours. And some of those portfolios will – the clients will say, look, I created a portfolio, I want to turn it into a formulaic approach to the portfolio and, therefore, I'll call it self-indexing. So, I don't see why that will not continue or even accelerate, because it's part of the portfolio creation, portfolio management process in the world. So, I see that happening, and that doesn't mean that is a threat to us. If anything, we will help clients create self-indexes in order to – because that's the job. We help clients achieve their goals. So part of their goals may be creating self-indexes, and in those self-indexes, for example, we may be the underlying securities, because we have that. We may be the underlying calculation of it and so on and so forth. So, we see that evolving in the industry.
Henry A. Fernandez: We will get back to you on the exact numbers to make sure that we have the same information. We don't want to take a little time on the call, but we'll get back to you. And if anybody has that question, we can do that as well. What we can tell you is that we are the largest provider of factor indices in the world and we're the largest provider of ESG indices in the world probably by a wide margin – by relatively wide margin. So, we are the leader in the space, in number of indices, in number of ETFs underlying this indices, passive – other institutional passive funds underlying this indices and all of that, and we intend to remain doing that. And therefore, we have a meaningful amount of market share here that we want to continue and increase. And we can give you the exact dollar amounts in terms of market shares, and the exact amounts of the assets benchmarked to this passive or active and all of that.
Henry A. Fernandez: On the passive side, so that – on the ABF, the asset-based fee category is made up of three components, right. The largest component is, obviously, ETF fees. The second largest is other forms of passive fees that are not ETF, that could be institutional passive, as we call it, and the like. And the third category is the futures and options on our indices, which is obviously growing pretty large. So on your question, which is the second category, the reason it's growing a lot is for two reasons. One is that, obviously, the category of institutional passive is growing just like the same way you see ETF, which are basically mostly passive, growing. The over-the-counter, so to speak, as opposed to exchange-traded category, is also growing, either institutional passive or mutual fund passive, and that is obviously providing that growth. The second growth is on the pricing. The part of the category that is market cap indices has had relatively low pricing for a long time, particularly the institutional part of that. But the ESG and factor part of that we're pricing at a much higher level, sometimes multiples of the level that we're pricing the market cap part of that category. And that is creating significant benefit. So, specifically, when a pension fund decides to invest passively, but not in ETF – I'm saying passively on ESG mandate or a factor mandate, or better yet the combination of factors and ESG, the index fee associated with that, either passively managed or actively managed, in this case, obviously, we're talking about passively managed, is higher than the market cap – the traditional market cap category.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. We clearly have a full hand here with the current content and also the technology to enable that content, both to produce that content, but also to distribute that content to our clients. So, that's already a fairly full deck of things. But we are gradually investing in other areas. Private asset classes is one example there. Clearly, we have been investing in the real estate – in the private real estate area that we don't talk about much on these calls, we should in the future. We are putting sort of seed investments in infrastructure, for example. Obviously, we have made investments in – that's on the performance side. On the risk side, we made investment on the private equity risk models and the private real estate risk models and the likes. So, that's one area that we are focused on, on the product side. And as you mentioned, on the client side, we have big opportunities on wealth, on exchanges, be it with futures and options. At some point, we will want to expand our coverage of life insurance companies, for example, and the like. So, we're only scratching the surface in many of these newer client segments.
Henry A. Fernandez: No, most, if not all, of our clients are not. They want to do business with us and we have great relationships with them. So, it's not a question of threats or else I'll go anywhere. I mean, we believe that we add enormous amount of value to our clients, particularly our ETF manager clients, especially by the large following exemplified in the $14 trillion of assets that are following MSCI indices. So, to some extent, when a client launches a new ETF, it's a little bit of a call option in converting a bit of that amount of money into their products or attracting it into their products. So now, we don't comment on specific negotiations at all, whatsoever. But for sure, we always talk about everything. We talk about the new product lines. We talk about existing product lines. We talk about new geographies, because we look at the ETF market as if it were a one giant market and all homogeneous, it's very, very different. You have segments – you have geographies. The competitive dynamics in Europe are very different than the competitive dynamics in the U.S. and completely different than the competitive dynamics in Asia. Within those markets, the competitive dynamics on low cost retail products is very different than the competitive dynamics on institutional ETF or ETF that are highly used by institutions. The value proposition is very different. Institutions are looking to move large amounts of money with high liquidity and very tight bid/ask spreads. A lot of the retail marketplace is a buy and hold kind of investors and so on and so forth. So, we're looking to segment all of that market and have ongoing conversations with our clients about all of the components of that to maximize the fabric of or the tapestry of revenue in the context of volume and price and differentiation and value added in each one of the categories, whether it's a market category, or segment, or a geography, or a product segment.
Kathleen A. Winters: Sure. So, first, I'd say, when you think about our cost structure, it's important to kind of understand that we're largely a people business, right, so we're comprised of people. And so, one of the things that we're constantly looking at – and we very much have a mindset of continuous improvement. We're constantly looking at, are we doing everything as efficiently as possible. And so, we're always looking for opportunities to drive efficiencies and leveraging technology to efficiencies. So, that is something that we're continuing to use as a lever for improvement. In terms of should we go into a downturn environment, we look at our cost structure, and we say, okay, well, what are the components of our costs that are variable. And those are the types of things that we would lever up and down. For example, there are portions of compensation costs, obviously, that are variable costs. And so, those would be the levers that we would go to, and we would look at things that – first, we would look at things that would not impact our ability to invest and continue to drive top-line growth. So when we prepare that downturn playbook, it's very much prioritized in terms of kind of what are the Tier 1 things that don't impact our ability to grow. And then, we would have lower on that list other items.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, portfolio review is always an ongoing process. I mean, we're doing that all of the time to make sure that we've got the right assets with the right growth profile in our firm in the portfolio. So, we've looked at the areas that have been lower or negative growth and said, those are – we're going to address that, as Henry said, either by divestiture or by improving that growth rate – enhancing the product and improving that growth rate. So, we've done, as you've noted, the two small divestitures here in terms of FEA and the pending InvestorForce divestiture. We're going to continue to look at the portfolio, but there's nothing substantial right now.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. Hi, Toni. No, there's no particular one-time item there. Look, the retention rates, they kind of move up and down a little bit within a particular range. But 95.9% for Index and 92% for Analytics is very much within the kind of normal range of what we would expect.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So particularly in Analytics, where sometimes you can have larger deals that can kind of skew a quarter, in this instance, that's not the case. It was really – the strong sales are really comprised of many kind of normal sized deals, I would call them.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. I mean, it was pretty much broad, strong performance across the board within – if you look at index subscription, whether you look at it by content area, if you will, factors and ESG driving strong performance, each of the client segments doing really well and each of the regions showing strong performance as well.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, Joe, just to point you to the data, you probably know that it's there, but in the appendix you can see total company and by segment subscription run rate growth over the last five years. So, you can see all of that information there. And you can see from that that our obsession and focus on driving that improved run rate growth is yielding itself in the numbers and the performance, and we're continuing to focus on that.
Chris Charles Shutler: Hey, guys. Good morning. I don't know if you already covered this or not, but I was hoping to get a little more color on the sales activity in the Index and Analytics and where there are lumpy items in the quarter and just how we should look at the sales on a go-forward basis.
Chris Charles Shutler: Okay. And then on the Index, were there, I guess – it sounds like there weren't any extraordinary size deals or...
Chris Charles Shutler: Okay. And then, Henry, on the whole Fidelity thing and, I think, JPMorgan a couple of months ago, do you think that we're going to see more and more of the index funds and ETFs using ETF providers as calculation agents, at least in the retail space? And can you give us – I know it's probably tough to answer, but at least a sense of magnitude of how the fees might differ if you're a calculation agent versus providing the index itself? Thanks.
