Henry Fernandez: It's fairly large, Manav. And when we sit back and look at the great business that we have built in market cap indices for equities and then we look at what we can build with nonmarket cap indices ranging from ESG and climate and factors and thematics and the combination of all of that, in equities, and we translate all of that to fixed income and eventually translate all of that to equity and fixed income together in balanced indices, the opportunity is massive. And if you were to think about the ultimate goal is every investor has a portfolio, and every portfolio needs an index of some sort. So we believe that the opportunity for market cap indices should be much bigger than for what we have built in the opportunity for nonmarket cap indices, it should be much bigger than the opportunity for market cap indices that we've created.
Henry Fernandez: So we continue to be extremely focused on organic investment opportunities. We have a very wide, deeper and higher range of investment opportunities that we have ever seen, honestly. I think the set of opportunities in all aspects of what we do are accelerating from climate to ESG to nonmarket cap indices to fixed income to what we can do with more technology to the data, especially in ESG and climate, et cetera. So very, very focused on organic investment, and accelerator of the organic investment is clearly the partnerships. We cannot do it all together. So we look for partnership with people that have data, that have models, that have technology, that have distribution, et cetera. Some of those partnerships may involve some investment on our part in their capital structure. That hasn't traditionally been the case, but we may, we're open to that. Now we reviewed the overall sort of M&A landscape. Always, it's a fiduciary duty to do that, both small and large companies. And obviously, we look at it, we analyze it, but we continue to remain very focused on our strategy of building one MSCI with organic investments on selected bolt-on acquisitions.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. No, that's a good question, Alex, because we ask ourselves that same question over and over again. And the first thing to note is that there has been significant institutional investor interest in these areas. The way that I normally would explain that is that there are - compared to maybe 10, 20 years ago or so, there are very large structural changes going on in the global economy and the global investment universe that are not totally reflected in market cap indices, for example. So the traditional way that institutional investor invest will be benchmarked to a market cap index at MSCI, for example, on their equity portfolios. But those new areas of clean energy and biotech and more high tech and all of that are not yet reflected in the asset allocation of those indices because they're on the comp. So what we are seeing is a lot of those institutional investors are looking to put a segregated amount of their assets into those themes and those areas in order to sort of anticipate what is going to come in the future. So a lot of what we're doing in this area is largely for institutional investors, not necessarily for retail investors. Hopefully, we'll get that as well, but that's the direction of travel. And therefore, do we believe that we can build a large network effect as it relates to that because it's similar to ESG and climate, a lot of investors are taking parts of their portfolio - institutional investors are taking part of their portfolio and allocating to ESG biased investment products with our indices or climate biased portfolios and the network effect associated with that. So we think we can continue to build that - this powerful franchise across the board. Now the other part of the ecosystem is how do we build benchmark for active indices, for passive, and then the construction also of the development of derivative products whether it's structured products or whether it's over-the-counter options and swaps and listed options and listed futures with the dialogue that we're hiring with our partners in the broker-dealer community and the investment banking community and the exchange community with respect to ESG and climate and thematic is off the chart. It's always been, in the past, market cap weighted indices. The majority of the discussion today is about thematic indices, and it's about ESG and climate indices.
Henry Fernandez: Well, it is fairly front loaded. And the - but it's not front loaded and then it peters out or slows down. We're going to be talking about this for the next 10, 20 years in a big way, point one. Point two is that it cuts across everything we do from indices to analytics. We're repositioning a lot of our analytics for climate impact on - climate risk in the portfolios, climate reporting and all that. It clearly affects the private asset classes. We talked about real estate and how do we decarbonize, how do we look at climate change in the context of properties in cost of cities and all of that and of course, in the ESG climate segment as well. So it cuts across everything that we do. And this is - if you were to think of what is the #1 largest opportunity of MSCI in the next few years and going on for a decade or 2, it will be climate. And therefore, we want to position MSCI as the leading provider or a leading provider of climate solutions to the whole global investment industry as a whole. And we also have an opportunity to expand significantly into the issuer market, which has not been traditionally a place where we have been with corporates and other forms of issuers to help them in this incredible transition that will take place. So this is a massive opportunity for us. And it's not like back dated, it's not like back ended, it's now, and you're seeing the dialogue that is going on. You're seeing the momentum in our sales from, obviously, a very small base, but it's going to be a massive opportunity for us and is now.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So a lot of what we're doing there so far is selling the underlying data and ratings, which, as you know, are organized along industry lines, sector lines, to the corporate. So if you're a corporation, and you want to know what your rating is and you want to compare that rating and the underlying - sort of the underlying information in the reports to other participants in your sector, in your industry, and if you want to do cross sectoral comparisons, for example, then that's what you're getting. So that's the corporate themselves. Now we also, as I noted, sell the information and the ratings to the corporate advisers. That could be accounting firms, could be investment banks, could be a strategy consulting firms, et cetera, could be specialized advisers that are trying to help those entities figure out how to deal with all their ESG disclosures, their ESG data capabilities and increasingly, obviously, as time goes by, their net zero pledges that they need to make, et cetera. So this is a very fertile ground for us. As you know, just in ACWI IMI, there are 9,000 companies and therefore, calling on - or having 50 out of the 9,000 is a small, very small penetration. Now increasingly, we're also going to be - but we're not there yet, but we're also going to begin to help many of these corporate entities think through with respect to climate, what their data projections should be, what their position with respect to emissions should be with data, models, analytics, that was what Baer was referring to on that platform that we're building on top of Microsoft. So again, another area of fertile growth for us.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So the - clearly, since we are - this is a new client segment for us. We're trying to start with a very direct and value-added and narrow set of offerings, which is the ESG ratings and all the information and the data that goes with the ratings of that particular corporate and the comparison of that ratings to others in their industry and across industries. And we have established a specialized sales force of a handful of people around the world to do that. And as we build momentum and more success, we're going to reinvest a lot of the incremental revenues into expanding the sales force and the client coverage of that. On top of that, there are significant opportunities to expand and have multiples, large multiples of the revenue that we're getting as we go into other products and services that we can provide those companies such as what I was talking about in climate, but we're not there yet. We're trying to make sure we go on a systematic approach to this one step at a time in a new area that we are covering but I would anticipate that there will be a fairly rapid expansion of our products out there, our sales force, and our run rate and our sales and our run rate and obviously, more to report on that in coming quarters.
Henry Fernandez: What I would add also is that the expense growth in our business as usual, right, maintain the business is not very high, it's relatively muted. And therefore, our game plan in the context of continuing to have modest leverage - operating leverage expansion or margin expansion, right, is to increasingly squeeze the operating expenses of the - running the business in order to transfer more and more of investment of money into the investment plan so therefore, the investment numbers are growing clearly much more rapidly than the overall expenses in running the existing business. And all of you know this, but I'd just like to clarify one more time is that sometimes we talk about expenses. And I just want to be very pointed that the large majority of this incremental EBITDA expenses are investment in Triple-Crown investment types. And as you know, the Triple Crown is in areas of high growth like index and ESG and climate with high rates of return and fast paybacks and hopefully, in areas that have high multiples of valuation.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. So we have been studying that, deeply investigating all of that. And they are, as you know, well, at the top of the house, and the top of the thing is if there are 2 types of currencies. There is the Central Bank and digital currencies. And which China, obviously, is leading the pack there, and we're evaluating what impact of that would be on the pricing of financial assets, for example. And then there is the cryptocurrency, which is a little more like a gold type of investing. So we're definitely looking into that to see what impact - we haven't come up yet with the right products or the right indices. We're analyzing that importantly. And the second part, yes, cryptocurrencies have a role to play in climate change because of the energy consumption there. So that's another area that we're looking into is how do we combine the topic of cryptocurrency with the topic of climate change. So more to come on that in the future.
Henry Fernandez: Well, thank you, everyone, for listening. As you can see, we have enormous opportunities in front of us. We are very relatively bullish on the operating environment. And therefore, we'll step up our pace of investing and continue to do that at the same time as having some modest margin expansion. So thank you very much, and we look forward to your question, your comments also to Salli and the team.
Baer Pettit: Sure, Alex. So look, I think, that in terms of ESG, it is an acceleration of the - that everything we've discussed previously on these calls. What was really striking is we had an asset owners' survey in the last quarter. And it's actually in the North America and the U.S. and Canada that ESG and climate are - were the #1 concern of asset owners. So that is, for sure, an important I would say, change or acceleration in addition to the things you mentioned, the regulatory context in Europe, et cetera. And I think the other thing that's clearly happening is the weight of climate increasing in the ESG and climate mix we've had extraordinary amount of interaction with clients related to climate adjusted portfolios, transition risk, 1.5-degree alignment, et cetera. So the ESG trend is strong and is continuous. And the conversations and the client interest related to climate are going up even more dramatically in tandem.
Baer Pettit: No, we clearly view those as separate, right? So I think when you refer to the advisory firms, that's in the wealth segment, overwhelmingly. So that's a discrete from the corporate segment. And it's really - we believe it's a pretty large opportunity for us. If that's what you meant by the...
Baer Pettit: Sure. So I think the same thing we've been focusing on is just working with Burgiss on running and optimizing their business day-to-day. We - there's a new President at Burgiss, as we've mentioned before, Jay McNamara, he used to be at MSCI. So a lot of our emphasis is just as working with them as a partner to grow the business every day, every week. Additionally, this quarter, we've been doing a lot of work on our private market strategy. And that has a variety of different avenues in it related to both working together on their data platform, working on plans for ESG and climate for private companies and our future path in areas such as real estate, which span across both assets that we have at MSCI and those in Burgiss. So there's a lot of work coming on there, and we'll likely have more products coming out during the second half of the year that come out of the work that we're doing at present.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Toni. So maybe I can spend a second on Q1 and answer your question about the strong performance, and then I can extrapolate to the full year. As you alluded to, we did have very strong cash flow performance in the first quarter. The story was really around collections for us on 2 fronts. One, business growth was stronger, so very strong growth across the business. But two, also a very strong collection performance for us. The first quarter also we did benefit from some shifts in interest payments, which was affected by the recent financings that we've done but those will normalize throughout the full year. The biggest impact for the full year, to your point, is that the picked up business growth, I think, the collections activity will normalize quarter-to-quarter, but the bigger impact is really just the stronger business growth, which we tried to reflect in the guide.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. So Craig, as we've talked about in the past and as Henry just underscored, continue to be very bullish about the opportunity for us longer term in both listed and over-the-counter derivatives. In the current quarter, there was some points to flag here. Importantly, the comp, it's a tough comp. So when you look at the first quarter of last year, that was a period of highest volatility and as a result, highest volume in derivative contracts traded. And so when you just do that comparison, there was a drop in year-over-year volumes and given that we price and get paid based on the contract volume that will impact the revenues that we receive. It is worth noting the run rate could pick up, which you probably noticed. That was as a result of some of the repricings of agreements with our exchange partners. It's worth noting, this is the last quarter where you will see that benefit. So that was baked in as of Q2 of last year. So going forward, you won't see that pricing benefit in our run rate and will be much more tied to the contract volumes. I would highlight that specifically, one area where you're seeing contract volumes pick up, but it's still behind is the transition from SGX to Hong Kong exchanges. We're seeing the franchise and complex Hong Kong exchanges start to build up. But relative to where the volumes were on SGX, it's a little bit lighter today. And so when you start to do historical comparisons, volumes will look a bit lower. But over the long term, we continue to be very bullish in this area, and that will translate not only through to the asset-based fee component, but also help to drive some of the index subscription revenue as well, which is where we see the over-the-counter piece.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. I mean non-ETF passive, as we call it, which it's really comprised of a few areas, what we call institutional passive. There's also index-based mutual funds, which are more retail-oriented, generally. And then increasingly, the areas like direct indexing, which will show up or could show up in that revenue stream. It's an area that's been strong growth and extremely resilient, which you can see by the growth rate, which we've seen actually double-digit growth in each of the last 6 quarters within the non-ETF passive line despite the market volatility. Relative to ETF, we actually see fewer redemptions and outflows and periods of volatility. And as we've mentioned in the past, the fees have been quite resilient in this area. We're seeing tremendous growth in nonmarket cap mandates and nonmarket cap non-ETF launches and products there, where the fees tend to be a little bit more resilient during certain areas, actually, we get higher fees. Just to dimension it for you, there's now about $2.7 trillion of assets under management in non-ETF index funds linked to our indexes. And just - you can tell by the run rate continues to be a strong growth area for us, and it's a big focus for us, an increasing focus for us. And we see enormous opportunities across all regions. And one of the big drivers here really is the transition to ESG and climate. And so we're seeing tremendous growth in the non-ETF AUM bucket in ESG and climate indexes. So overall area we're focused on and should continue to grow for us.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. Well, the two are related. It was definitely driven by the top line growth and most notably in acceleration in the ETF growth rate in AUM in ETFs linked to our index as well as accelerations in key parts of our business-like climate and ESG, as you can see by the tremendous success that we're having there. Just as a reminder, when we set our guidance at the beginning of the year, we said that was based on the assumption of relatively flat market levels. Clearly, markets have improved thus far this year, and we feel pretty bullish about the outlook for the balance of the year. And so those two inputs feed into our calculus in terms of how much we want to go to our upturn playbook. And so the increase in guidance is really reflecting the momentum we're seeing in our business, but also the more bullish outlook that we see in the economy and the markets and our clients, more broadly. And so we are turning to our upturn playbook to invest in the Triple-Crown areas we've talked about in the past and the areas that are driving our growth. So it's in areas like nonmarket cap weighted indexes, areas like climate and ESG as well as the data and technology that supports both of them in areas like research and go-to-market that are going to help continue to fuel these growth engines for the company. And so we're really, as we said and said we would do and as we've done in the past, accelerating our investments when we see the opportunity to do it. And we think this environment lends itself to it.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. So it - just to dimension that, as I said before, and we've mentioned the original guidance was based on the assumption of relatively flat market levels. ETF AUM is up nearly 15% on the year. Non-ETF passive is up strongly, and we expect to continue to rally strongly. And so just those 2 line items alone are driving some pickup in our revenue above kind of that baseline assumption when we set the guidance back at the beginning of the year. And then we're seeing strong growth in areas like ESG and climate. And so when you look at the growth, the increase in expense guidance, the midpoint going up about $20 million, to your point, that's an increase in expense growth rate of 2.5%, which is relatively modest in the grand scheme of the impact on revenue that the pickup in ABF has for us. And so, we continue to be able to drive strong positive operating leverage but really continue to drive investment in these key growth engines for the firm and continue to accelerate these Triple-Crown opportunities. To your second question about the return to kind of a pre-COVID world, I would highlight in the first quarter, there was about a $3 million benefit from COVID-related expense benefits. Obviously, that starts to go away in future quarters where a year ago, we were getting those benefits as well. But we do have some assumption about a return to normalization, but it's not a full return. So just to give you some numbers to dimension that.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. I broaden it to our - and we talked about this at Investor Day, to our investment portfolio or change the business expenses, which is about $150 million of expenditures and so that's against our total expense base plus CapEx. We define our expenditure pool. So of that total pool, call it about $150 million is in these kind of change the business Triple-Crown areas, and these are the areas that we're going to really be accelerating.
Andrew Wiechmann: Yes. I'm going to - we'll have to follow-up on that question. I'm not going to provide the exact breakdown right now by the 2 components. As you would imagine, on the index side, there is a heavy component that is asset-based fee-related and a lot of that tends to be U.S.-listed products. And very attractively, a lot of that is - flows into U.S. exposure funds, which, as you know, is a place where we historically haven't had a strong presence, but it continues to be a driver of us capturing market share on flows into U.S. exposure products. Overall, I'd say the run rate is pretty well spread across geographies with a heavy emphasis on EMEA and Americas. But they're all growing at a nice clip. And as Baer mentioned in his prepared remarks, the EMEA run rate on the climate and research side has been growing at an incredible clip.
