Henry A. Fernandez: So, Alex, first of all, the market volatility that we've seen has not had any impact on our pipeline. Our pipeline continues to be healthy and solid and no impact on that. Secondly is that we have started rolling out price increases on Analytics and it's gone fairly well. So, we do not anticipate for now any kind of pushback by our clients. We did have very strong sales quarter both in one-time sales and also in recurring sales in the fourth quarter, which are focus there of that range of sales that we have had for quite a few quarters. And it's too early to tell whether that break is sustainable. We did well, but it's too early to tell and therefore, we feel good about the quarter. But we got to execute this quarter and the future quarters to see if we can break out of that range-bound that we have had for some time. In an environment of significant volatility, it's actually sometimes a positive environment for us, even though our clients are not feeling well because there's a lot of focus on risk, there is a lot of focus on understanding the performance of portfolios, there is a meaningful amount of money that flows into passive investments from active that we benefit and the like. And obviously, on the other side, budget gets a little more tight, approvals get longer and the like, but on balance, it has not affected us. And the last thing that I will say, Alex, is that we are typically a very a light indicator of any of this. It typically takes several quarters before any meaningful market volatility affects us on the subscription business. We obviously have seen the decline in values in ABF, but fortunately, not any meaningful amount of outflows.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes, Bill, there is – with respect to cancels, right, there is absolutely nothing to read into these numbers in the fourth quarter. There are times in which you pick up a little, cancel here and there and it exacerbates the numbers. So, we are not concerned about it. We don't think this is a trend. We think these are just sort of quarter-to-quarter variations and the like. And we continue to be positive about the continued growth of the subscription business on, what we call, the market data, the market capitalization indexes and are very focused on the incremental growth of the franchise into new areas such as the factor indexes, the ESG indexes, the thematic indexes, the custom indexes. We're also very focused on the expansion of the futures and options franchise linked to MSCI indexes that we did well. We think we're going to continue to do well given the market volatility that is happening and the like. So, the franchise is – continues to be very strong, and I would not read too much into those numbers.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So the – most listed futures and options in equity indexes around the world are national, so meaning single-country, single-currency or multi-country, but single-currency like in continental Europe with the EURO STOXX 50. So, I think – so that has been the nature of the listed futures and options industry. And you require typically a very healthy amount of listed futures and options to develop a large structure of product, structure-derivative product business because related products are the ones that are used to hedge the positions in the structured products. So, that's a business that many – some of our competitors who are more – who have developed more into national Index businesses have benefited from. We have been hard at work on developing with our partners, the industry of multi-country, multi-currency futures. We started with the New York Stock Exchange life exchange that was acquired by ICE, so we're working pretty close with ICE now in the U.S. to develop that. The volumes on the MSCI emerging market Index futures and the MCSCI EAFE futures trading in New York have been increasing rapidly and steadily. So, we like that. We're trying to see if we can do the same in Europe and Asia as well. So, this is an area of good growth in double digits, but it is from a very small base at the moment. And it's not going to be a huge growth driver immediately, but it's a steady – it will be a steady build. And as I said in the past, there are always three big legs that you can build on equity index franchise around, there is the active leg, which is what we call subscription. There's the passive leg, which is institutional passive and ETF, and then there is the hedging or exposure leg, which is futures and options and other forms of structured products. So, we've been very good in the first two, and we're now really attacking with a hard drive, the third leg, to see if we can capitalize on the breakthroughs that have been made in the creation of multi-currency futures.
Henry A. Fernandez: I think the way to think about it, Toni, one is, we are not in the mood or desire to restore excess capital in the company or in the balance sheet, right? So, to begin with. Secondly, we want to be opportunistic with our repurchases, which – at higher share prices we do less but we still do – we'll do some and at lower share prices, we do more, the volume. And therefore, every quarter is going to be different, depending on where our share price is trading, and what the volumes are because, obviously, we want to do this in a way that we're not impacting the natural demand-supply and price discovery in the stock. So that's kind of the balancing act that we have, but we've done well so far, right? We've done really well in the last six, nine months or so with this strategy. And we definitely intend to continue to do that if we can.
Henry A. Fernandez: The other thing is, if you sit back and look at the totality of the company, right, in terms of cash flows and balance sheet and all of that, if you put aside for a minute the ABF, which I'll comment on in a second, but if you put aside the ABF, our revenues are largely in the hard currencies. Obviously, most of them are in dollars, in euros, in pounds, and in yens, right? And our cost is also in those hard currencies, but is also a meaningful amount of the cost is in the soft currencies of various emerging markets. So, on a net-net basis, a stronger dollar ends up being mildly positive for us. And particularly the way it has evolved, which has become strong relative to the hard currencies, but not as strong as comparing to the appreciation relative to the weaker currencies, the soft currencies. So...
Henry A. Fernandez: And that's kind of clearly the issue that's always hard, right, because a lot of the AUM is in non-dollar in the passive products. And so when the dollar strengthen against that, you see an immediate weakening of those AUM levels, but typically more assets flow into those because of the exchange rate and, over time, they kind of come back up to prior levels. So, that's always harder to do that. But net-net, we're not worried at all about the strength of the dollar because it's a mild positive and we're not worried of a reversal of the strength of the dollar because it's not a big impact on us. We're largely hedged, not totally, but we're largely hedged.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, on Analytics, we are trying to gradually transform the product line from selling risk models and software applications and things like that to understanding very specific client needs, and then offering them a solution to that client need by packaging our content and our applications. Not on a bespoke or customized basis, but just with certain adjustments, but addressing specifically a client need. The four client needs that we're very focused on is a lot of our clients, particularly active managers, are very intent of creating differentiation in their performance and showing that differentiation to their own clients. So, that's one. Another one is, a lot of our clients are under cost pressures and profit pressures and, therefore, they're trying to reduce costs. So, a lot of what we do it creates transparency, efficiencies and therefore reduction of costs. So, many of our clients are tackling the issue of how do they deal with risk and how do they report risk and how do they manage risk. So, that's another one. And lastly, huge amount of regulatory burden on all forms of clients from asset managers to hedge funds to banks and the like. So, we go to them and say, let's fully understand what the regulators are asking for from you and how do we help you create the content and the reports that help you with that. So, very much – and that has resonated very well with our clients. And we're trying to push that mode of service at them. So – and we continue to clearly innovate in terms of new risk models, new performance contribution models and so on and so forth. So we can spend more time on that offline. Now, all this content that we create has to be enabled by applications. Pretty much everything we do at MSCI has to be enabled by applications, but especially a lot of the Analytics content, a lot of the models have to be enabled by, what I call, workflow applications. So, you got to think BarraOne, and RiskManager, and BPM as kind of workflow applications. But then they're not the only ones. There are also – we also give the content to our clients and they use their own applications, particularly the large passive managers. Many of the – some of the hedge funds and the like, so we work with them on that. And lastly, we would – and this is where the partnerships come in, is that we're trying to work with other providers of workflow applications of different types to put our content in them to serve the needs of the client. And therefore, is either in areas that we do and we also compete with, or in areas that we don't do, so how do we put our applications side-by-side with OMS applications, for example, or for an office applications that could be helpful to the client. So we're working on that in order to, again, facilitate the serving of the needs of the clients. And lastly on – we are – the difficulty we've had in this product line and a part of the lower profitability on this product line is because given the nature of the way we grew, which was by acquisitions, we still have quite a lot of legacy applications that are all similar to one another, built in different languages and different use, different interfaces and all of that. So that – maintaining – first of all innovating on them and maintaining them is costly and that it's a way – a meaningful amount on the profit margin on our content. So, what we're doing is building an overlay application, which we call, new interface, new architecture, an overlay application that we put on top of this with a user interface, so that's what the client eventually sees. And therefore, we then go to the engine room and link the current applications and make the current applications more of engine to that. So, we're going to be launching the first release of that next quarter, which is still – obviously it doesn't have everything, but it's just step-by-step. And we're going to start signing up clients on that. But we're still going to sell the existing applications because that's what we have today.
Henry A. Fernandez: This is an area of double-digit growth for us and has always been from a couple of decades and what it is, is that we have the off-the-shelf market capitalization indexes or factor indexes or the other ones and therefore, people come to us and say we want to be benchmarked with something that is worth targeting to what our investment objectives are. Can you help us with that? And the easy part, which is we repackage the countries in a different way or repackage industries in a different way or exclude a number of industries that they're concerned about or, in the case of ESG, exclude a different number of companies that are not compliant to what they believe to be a secret area. So, this is an area that we have created an industrial strength organization from the understanding of the client needs to looking at the methodology, to the production environment, which is pretty critical because you cannot have thousands of these indexes and all in a manual way. So, we are very well set to continue to grow here. And we see this as a way of the future in which clients will want to rifle-shoot their investment goals and have a benchmark that is tailoring to them.
Henry A. Fernandez: Not a lot competitive changes from last year at all. If anything, some of the types of acquisitions and mergers that have taken place have created openings for us to go out and insert ourselves, and that's been beneficial to our business. And now, the factor investing area is an area that we're leading, but is – we're very subject to clearly more competition at this moment. Quite a lot of the competition is not coming from traditional sources but more from asset managers that have fund teams that build these factor models. For example – and therefore, they don't make them available to everyone like we do, but they go to the client and offer the product sometimes in competition with our indexes. But we believe that given the huge expertise that we have on equity risk models, the Barra risk models, and the know-how that we have, Barra practically invented equity risk models and factor investing starting from the mid-1970s, so we have huge competitive advantage in having leadership in this area.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, these are longer-term targets, right, but we clearly are intent on getting there sooner than later, right? We feel pretty good about the ESG product line. If anything, that's a product line that we can accelerate dramatically, higher profits, but it's a huge growth area, huge. It's at a $40 million-plus run rate and quite a lot of demand. So, we are balancing out the increasing of profit relative to investments that we want to make, so that we are – we continue to be the leader there. And, as we said, in real estate, we hope to breakeven next year, or maybe single-digit margins, and then we want to accelerate from there. But we can't tell you yet what the trajectory is, but we are fully intent on achieving those margins over a few years.
Henry A. Fernandez: For the full year, we're comfortable. We don't – there is no evidence of any meaningful change to that at this point. I know there would always be variations from quarter-to-quarter. So, there is no – we were not thinking about it any differently.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, the way a lot of our fees are structured is that our fee is a percentage of the management fee but (70:17) and it has a cap. So, if we're operating at the high end of that range and the manager lowers their fee, we come down with that lowering of the fee. But if we're at the lower end of the cap, which is where the largest of our funds are, then any lowering of the fee hits the floor.
Robert Qutub: We have been focused on the operating rate, Alex. And we did see some benefits, as I talked in my comment. We did also get some benefits from discrete items that we went back and actually got some deductions from prior periods and that got all reflected here, so it magnified the effect on the effective tax rate. But we are guiding down, it's safe to say generally, when we give you a range, we like to look at the midpoint. And that's what we expect our rate to be next year plus or minus discrete items if they come through. We have more certainty in our planning this year than we did last year. For example, the R&D credit is now permanent, so that helps us a lot. So, I feel that's a pretty sustainable rate throughout the year. There are things that can change it, Alex, the mix of international profits and things like that. But right now based on what we're seeing, we will look at 33% to 34% and if things change, we'll let you know appropriately, but we feel comfortable at this point right now.
Robert Qutub: We'll always – we're going to continue to focus. We see more upside out there, but as some of the work that we need to is more extensive and requires a lot more work with our advisors, but we continue to press on. It's not something we're going to take our eye off the ball. And if we have positive surprises – positive developments not surprises, we'll update you accordingly.
Robert Qutub: Yeah. I'll try to – that's a good question, Toni. We tried to address that, and we were fully cognizant of the margin came in a little different than we had guided in the third quarter. Two things, on a top line, sales again were very strong in the fourth quarter as you saw both recurring and non-recurring totaling $40 million in aggregate. So, we did have one-time sales came in, in Q4 that helped the Analytics that we weren't anticipating, which is – that's a good thing. Secondly, I did refer to the reversal of an incentive compensation have closed significant for senior executive that left in the fourth quarter after our call. And then we did file an 8-K on that in Q4. Those were two of the principal drivers, there were a few one-times in there. But we knew about most of them. But I would say, those two items really steered the margin the other way. Having said that, I tried to give you the normalization of around 25% as we enter into 2016, for Q1, adjusted for some tax inflationary costs related to compensation. Hopefully that helps a little bit, Toni.
Robert Qutub: We used the – same as last year, we use the spot rates of December 31 to convert all of our currencies. So, we're really starting out fresh. That was the basis for $610 million to $625 million. So, that's something you can get pretty easily. I don't have it here in front of me, but we've got those for you. And regarding the – I think as Henry talked about, we remain vigorously addressing our cost base, making sure we're as efficient as we can to provide ourselves opportunities that are out there. And as with all the years, Chris, we're going to one times, but we still want to stay whole and true to our 5% to 7% and 4% is guiding to our midpoint. That gives us room if need be, but we're going keep our eye on the markets along with a question that Alex dropped in the first part of his call here. So, again, right now, $610 million to $625 million as we move through the year, similar to last year, we'll definitely steer you on a tighter path.
Robert Qutub: Yeah. And maybe just on that point, just to give you something concrete, in terms of subscription revenues, our billable in dollars for our revenues is 83% in dollars, so that leaves 17% for non-dollars. And those exposures are euro, yen and sterling on an absolute basis. On expenses, our billable currency other than the U.S. dollar has increased slightly to 44%. We've talked about that being 40% in the past. And our larger exposures are sterling, but then again that gets offset by the revenue. So, really our net exposure on EBITDA and revenues for subscription revenues would be – mainly euro would be our biggest one out there. Having said that, we don't factor in the AUM, although two-thirds of those are denominated in other currencies than the U.S. dollar.
Robert Qutub: And Q4 is always one – you got to put that in context. It tends to be seasonally, where a lot of clients will renew their contracts. We see it drop a little bit in Q4.
Robert Qutub: Well, we've pushed in 2015, in our repriceable portfolio on Index, we did 5% to 7%. And we look at that as the opportunity for 2016. Again, on Analytics, the emphasis there is it was really just starting in late 2015 and we were starting to push the price increases on that portfolio. We expect that to be a good piece of the growth that we're going to see in 2016 over 2015. And we'll update you more each quarter as we get into the year and we start realizing those price increases.
