Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Those two losses accounted for approximately $2.5 million, which would have increased the retention rate by a couple of percentage points on an annual basis. On a quarterly basis, I believe that would be about 4% to 5%.
Henry A. Fernandez: On the index side, David correct me, but I think the retention rate that we’re showing is combined Index and ESG.
Henry A. Fernandez: And what it is slowly the slight decrease on the combined retention rate George, is mostly attributed, if not all of it attributed to the ESG retention rate rather than the Index business, the index subscription business, which remains pretty healthy. what happened was just to put something in context was when we acquire those metrics, those metrics have recently made a variety of acquisitions in the ESG space was spend to better part of the last part of 2010 and the first part of 2011 consolidating products and rationalizing the operation and that resulted in certain clients that cancel their subscription, some of it was things that we wanted to endorse, given the new product line and some of it obviously was always voluntary. So that’s, I would not read too much into that drop in the retention rate on the Index business and we believe that the drop and the retention rate in ESG were temporarily and is now back to more normal levels.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. I think we are putting it into context; we started the last – the first two quarters of 2011 up until April or May. I’m feeling pretty good that the environment and the budget of clients were beginning to relax and things were gradually were going to begin to be better for us. And then sometime in May, I think it was, the sovereign debt crisis in Europe began to raise its head. And then from then on, from May through September, the selling environment became pretty challenging and difficult and, but we kept selling on a healthy basis during that period. Importantly, a lot of what we had in the pipeline during that period, all the way to December alarming was delay, so the challenging environment caused delays in the selling of products rather than outright deletions from our pipeline during that period, that trend continuous in January, so there is no fundamental change. As to geographic areas, we actually have done okay in Europe relative to the environment, our levels of sales have been satisfactory I would call them. They are not bad in any sense and that has been positive surprise for us. And sales into the U.S. has been healthy and a little stronger than the expectations because clearly the recovery of the U.S. market. But they are not in any kind of strong pace at all social client segment clearly the banks and the broker dealers are challenging for us and for anybody else who are selling into land both in sales and cancels, and we saw a recovery at the end of December in sales into hedge funds, risk management analytics, which was good because of what we pointed out in the third quarter, and our sales of hedge fund transparency products, this is as a result of the Measurisk acquisition that we made in December of 2010. Those will began to gather pace, they are largely to funds of funds and other investors in hedge fund and we feel pretty good about that product and build sales.
Henry A. Fernandez: Good question, and I think the one of the biggest benefits in 2011 in the growth of our, in our headcount investment in the client organization was in retention. We purposely invested significantly in headcount in our client service centers that are mostly if not largely located in emerging market centers and that client service investment has helped us establish a strong dialog with clients that have progress up for renewal been able to service them at a higher level of performance that we had in the past, and on the like and that has helped us maintain a fairly healthy rate of renewals, if anything in certain product lines the retention rates that we have especially in certain Index products are historically high levels, which is not what you would have expected in an environment like this, and therefore we are very pleased with that. Another part of the investments we made are in what we call consultant, which are people that are located in financial centers London, New York, Hong Kong and [light], there are people that help us train clients, it will take clients in the use of analytics products, not so much index products, analytics products and that has helped those to retain clients and increase the retention rate. With respect to up to sales, we benefited, we opened up sales presence in Toronto and Canada. We step up efforts with Korean clients. We actually opened up an office in Korea, a couple of weeks ago and we made announcement, press release at the time. So then what we are trying to do is marginally going to clearly new areas where we believe customers have budget to spend and those are the markets whose economies are doing better than that and the countries that are doing better than that such as Canada. So that has been – we benefited from that as well. So those were some of the efforts on the sales side. On the products side, a lot of the investments in products that we made in the last six months are not yet on the sales, they’re not on the sales numbers and on the sales pipeline, because obviously there is a lag effect on that. So for example, we’re making some investments, not large, but we’re making some investments in performance attribution for their risk management analytics business, in alternative, and be modeling of alternative investment for risk management, for patient funds and fixed income instrument for a lot of our asset managers and in high volume processing for our wealth manager clients. That’s a new area, wealth management has been a good area for us to expand sales we’ve been pretty happy with the performance on that. And lastly, I’d like to emphasize again that in the last two quarters, there have been two products that are compared to the first two quarters of the year that we outperform in our expectations. One is the hedge fund transparency risk product, again otherwise called measured risk, that’s the acquisition we made and that is risk management, a capability for investors in hedge funds. And the second product was back I think in the early summer, we'll launch a new executive compensation data, service and analytics in light of ISS and that has been a phenomenal, successful in the – on a relative basis right in the last two quarters and we expect both of those products to continue well in 2012.Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company, LLC: Great, thank you, Henry.
Henry A. Fernandez: We’ll not see much of this in any kind of meaningful significant growth in non-comp expenses in 2012, with the exception of the occupancy line, especially because in our New York office, we’re currently in two locations. We are loosing the lease in the health quarter location by all those. We made an announcement that we’re moving to a 7 World Trade Center hopefully sometime in July in a faced approach. And therefore for most of the year, we’re going to have double rent, and that is going to obviously show up on the financial statements is all factoring into our budget and our analysis, but that will obviously increase a non-compensation expense lines by a bit.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, I think it’s a good question and we actually spend a good amount of time within the company trying to differentiate strongly what is secular and what is cyclical? And I think starting with the overall business when you look at the totality of our business, the secular demand for what we do is theoretically is strong and getting a lot stronger. And the two crisis that we have had the financial crisis of ’08, ‘09 and the sovereign-debt crisis have enhanced that secular demand for what we do and that is the valuation of investments, asset management, risk management, governance, ESG and so on and so forth. So we’re pretty comfortable that’s kind of fundamental demand even in a new norm of a lower growth world is pretty good for us. If anything a low growth environment is going to put intense amount of pressure on asset owners and asset managers on fees to asset managers of all types and the transparency of those fees and the transparency of the return and the risk that investors are taking with the asset owners’ money. And a lot of clients have come to us and say that they need more tools from us to be able to understand what the actual performance of people are, and the attribution of that performance, and the risk that those people are taking on that performance in order to pay for alpha and not to pay for beta, that’s kind of a way to look at it. So that puts in a more added benefit to the secular demand of what we do. So when we look at our various businesses clearly that theoretical demand is heavily pitched right now or pinch I should say right, now by the budgets of clients in which they will like to get a lot of our tools, and get them in significant numbers. But they got to face the reality of the financial constraints that they have in their business and therefore they make room for us. Many of our clients’ budgets are flat to down and our share of their budget is increasing and they make room for our tools and they got us [squish] somebody else to do that. So what we believe is that as the world recovers even in a lower growth environment those budgets are going to get relaxed, maybe not totally to pre-oil once they get relaxed and as they get relaxed a lot of this bottled up demand for our products and services are going to start increasing the pace of activity for us, clearly at a higher level of what we have today. With respect to index itself, I think there is a little bit of a trade-off that may happen over time between sort of benchmark data sales. We see that continuing, but clearly the rate of fund, the rate of fund launches and new product launches and alike may slowdown, given the environment. And that may or may not have an impact on sales or benchmark. But we also see the money we’re making on passive management, which continues at an institutional level at the ETF level and therefore it creates two inches of growth for that. The third component is that it’s not big. And I don’t think it’s going to be big in the near future. But we continue to make inroads on generating revenues on derivative products, futures, options, structure products and the like that obviously is not a large number for us, but it adds up overtime. And that’s the third leg of the Index business that we’re trying to develop over the years.
Henry A. Fernandez: We don’t specifically track on a quantitative basis or frequent basis. The amount of cross-border investments per se in institutional landscape when we do look at the data there are two, three things that are very clear. And that is despite the volatility in emerging markets the allocation of pension fund money to emerging markets continues unabated. Even at times when people thought that the emerging markets were inflated because people make strategic asset allocations to asset classes and it’s very hard for them to time it, so they do whenever they feel that they need to make the strategic reallocation of assets, right. So we see that continues unabated. Secondly, they continues to be a trend for looking at the equity investment processes of this asset owners on a global basis, not on a U.S. versus developed markets versus emerging markets versus global small cap basis. And therefore in the past, we’ve talked a lot about the increasing number of institutional clients for us in the United States that are adopting our ACWI, an ACWI IMI benchmarks without any biases of emerging or developed or domestic or international and like that continues on a healthy clip. The benefit of that is that eventually the asset manager that is managing those assets for the asset owner is going to come back to us for more data regarding all of that including more domestic U.S. indices on the part of MSCI, which is in the past hasn’t been our (inaudible) in the U.S. market. For more emerging market data, for more and clearly more global small cap data, so that’s another trend. So I think the way I would place it to you in the institutional part of our business, not the retail, but institutional part of our business that I just don’t see any slowdown or aggression on the pace of globalization of people’s portfolios especially the allocation to emerging markets.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, thank you very much everyone for joining us. And I will be more than happy to take individual questions from anybody if you so this hour. Thank you.
David M. Obstler: The benchmark itself had relatively flat cancellations from – in the fourth quarter of this year versus last year with net, which means on a growing business actually the retention rate would have increased in the date and benchmark side of the business.
David M. Obstler: Yeah. I think in the – with workers’ compensation line, we got about sort of about $2.5 million; it’s the second quarter out. So we’re experiencing some pretty strong momentum in that area?Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company, LLC: Thanks guys.
David M. Obstler: We don't put headcount targets out. But as Henry mentioned, we've been investing in a combination of our front-office, sales and distribution, our product creation and IP, and another infrastructure support with a concentration in investing in the emerging markets except for the clients facing in sales organization that focuses more on the financial markets and we see more of that in 2012, as Henry mentioned though lesser rate of growth than we had in 2011. And that the other things is at the in order to plans for 2012 in terms of headcount growth and obviously a moderation from the levels of 2011. we are going and take them a quarter at a time depending on the performance of the business in this quarter, given the environment, if the environment gets better, we’ll look to expand a spend a little more, if the environment states about the same, we’d be more restrained on that effort. and as we said, we always have a – we have a balancing out in terms of putting a meaningful part of our investment in sales and client service for new sales on those new products pretension purposes, because those investments stay back right away. It’s a very quick return on that. And an investment in people that are building new products that typically is a lag by a year or two or three in terms of building up the sales on those new products. So we tend to be cautious about those in environments like this clearly, but we are committed that on a year-over-year basis, we continue to put up – put new products and new services to clients even if obviously the environment is difficult.
David M. Obstler: Again, we don't give guidance, but we have as a matter of course worked on controlling our non-comp expenses in our largest areas, market data, IT infrastructure et cetera. We’ll continue to do that in 2012.
David M. Obstler: Yeah, we locate our as Henry has mentioned, our occupancy up into our cost items. So that will be spread and have working on a number of other cost initiatives and the other non-comp areas to help – pay for that increase in occupancy.
David M. Obstler: I think Suzi, in the last 12 months, the story of the Barra business has been one relatively high levels of retention compared to 2010. A lot of that was fairly active dialog with our clients as to the roadmap of our analytics product, our software and our new models and description of what we’re trying to achieve. There’s been a lot of thought in leadership in the form of research seminars and a lot of sort of advise so to speak, not advise, but a lot of description of what we’re doing in our models and the like and the impacts of our models in the way they’re managing their portfolios and so on and so forth. So that has helped on the retention. The sales have remained at a good level, so that’s been good news in 2011, compared to 2010. But they haven’t accelerated quite dramatically either. So the net new has been very high, because of the drop of the significant decline in cancels. So we have, I think as I mentioned 3% growth in run rate. We expect that continue to remain steady or accelerate with a launch of a lot of new products. So a lot of the money we’re making currently at the incremental sales, we’re making our own models. And the benefits of BPM have not been fully flushed out on our sales, because obviously the first release of BPM was a good release, but it was for risk analysis. We’re now – I think this month in February, we are doing a major release of BPM that is going to include quite a lot of new functionality. And then we’re going to do another release towards the end of the year. So therefore, on the software side that’s going to help us increase the base of sales in that market. So the opportunity continues to be good. We believe that the overall market opportunity for Index and risk management analytics is much larger than for equity portfolio analytics. But we’re hoping that this business can go back to more pre-‘07 growth rates that we’ve enjoyed in the past.
