Henry Fernandez: Yeah, Suzie, there is absolutely no change whatsoever on our fee structure with any index, EPS provider anywhere in the world. There are no discussions or conversations about changes to our fee structure of any nature with anybody. With respect to BlackRock we have a great relationship getting stronger and we’re trying to do more things together around the world. So, no change whatsoever there.
Henry Fernandez: The response has been overwhelmingly positive. There are a lot of people who have been part of the beta-test of this model who have seen how robust the new model is with respect to forecasting expected returns on risk and portfolios in any market. Let me pass it on to David with respect to the fee structure.
Henry Fernandez: The other thing that I would highlight is that this model was built with a lot of new modeling methodologies, and it’s the first of a long series of models that we will be launching that have this improvement. A few of those models, for example, will be launched before the end of the year, another one will be in the first quarter and in the balance of 2012.
Henry Fernandez: There’s not a great deal of change on the pipeline. Clearly this is a product line that has remained resilient worldwide regarding the flows of assets, net new so to speak or net flows of assets, compared to – like for example mutual funds. I think many ETF providers, even though cautious, continue to work hard at launching new products.
Henry Fernandez: I think we will continue to hire new staff at a steady pace, especially staff in our emerging market centers. We believe very strongly that the secular wins for pretty much everything we do get even more reinforced and even more positive for us during periods of crisis like this, obviously from passive management to bridge management to quantitative tools to help in optimizing portfolios, to governance and so on and so forth. So therefore we are very keen on continuing to invest in our distribution channels. So, a lot of our people – a lot of the people that we’re hiring are in sales and client service and consultant and the like to work directly with clients. And we’re also very keen on continuing to invest and launch new products pretty much across the board. We’re launching new indices, we’re clearly launching a lot of new models and software in the Barra business. We’re investing also in the risk management business, in performance contribution and (inaudible) risk and liquidity risk, and as you saw non-private – as I said non-liquid assets for asset owners, and so on and so forth. And all of that is already baked into the cost structure of the company. So the additional headcount I think is not going to put an inordinate amount of pressure at all on our financials.
Henry Fernandez: Well, there are customary numbers. Michael, the Index business is largely prized in dollars. The index subscription business, not the ETF, right, not the asset based fees, it's largely priced in dollars pretty much all over the world. There are very, very few exceptions to that. The businesses that are part of the run rate is in foreign currencies, for example, the risk management analyst business and the PMA, the Portfolio Management Analytics business, but the Index business is largely devoid of any sort of foreign exchange issues. Now, clearly, on the ETF part, the majority of the Indices that we have and the ETF linked to those Indices are non-dollar denominated Indices that get translated into dollars as listed in the U.S. for example.
Henry Fernandez: It’s hard to say, to forecast, Michael, right now. But, what we can say is that the secular demand for risk management analytics gets even stronger in environments like this. Our pipeline remains pretty healthy, but the RMA business is lumpy. For example, in this quarter, this third quarter of 2011 compared to the third quarter of 2010, it may look unfavorable because there were very strong sales, particularly to U.S. asset managers in the third quarter of 2010. Some of that would delay purchases that people delay because of the closing of the RiskMetrics acquisition. There was a little bit of uncertainty there from the second quarter and therefore they slipped into the third quarter. Overall we’re not worried per se about the level of fundamental demand for risk management analytics among our client base worldwide. As I said, this quarter, this third quarter, it was particularly strong with asset owners, pension funds in risk management. It remains weak on hedge funds. Part of that has been the way we’ve approach the market, and we’re making changes to that and re-pricing certain products to the lower end of the market so we can also participate there. Part of it is that many hedge funds have been very negative about the market outlook during the third quarter.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. Good question. We don’t see pretty much any cannibalization between these two product lines. They are positioned differently in the sense that BarraOne is ideally suited for what we call asset owners, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowments, foundations and the like. RiskManager on the other hand, is ideally suited for hedge funds, multi-strategy, large multi-strategy hedge funds. So, the overlap in between is asset managers, and within asset managers RiskManager is more well-suited for wealth managers, and that’s been a very strong market for us, although from clearly low levels. Then asset managers, not only asset managers per se, there’s some that BarraOne would be better for them and there’s some that RiskManager would be better for them, and we end up looking at what is the best approach for them. RiskManager is also fairly well-suited for banks and broker dealers on the sales side, especially in the prime brokers operations. That’s an area that this quarter, when I mentioned in the beginning that banks and broker dealers were surprisingly resilient it’s on the heels of good sales of risk management analytics or officially RiskManager per se for that segment of the market. So, I think between these two product lines covering pretty much the wide spectrum of different client segments and various use cases worldwide, we feel that we are extremely well positioned, and with a strong secular demand for risk management analytics. The issue for us clearly is to deal with the lumpiness of these sales. One quarter will be great, the next one will be less great and the like, and to continue to make sure we invest in the product line to deliver the functionality and the services that clients are demanding.
Henry Fernandez: Well, the pipeline is across the world, from BarraOne sales in Japan to Europe and the U.S. Obviously the U.S., especially the U.S. public pension fund market has been a pretty sweet spot for us. In the old days, corporate pension funds – you know, if you go back 20 years or so, corporate pension funds were the ones at the leading age of best practices and risk management and other areas. Today the public pension funds are the ones that are leading the charge. So, we have been very successful with public pension plans in the U.S. and around the world, and we’re now beginning to develop quite a good pipeline of corporate pension plans. In Europe we have a few new clients that are in the 401(k), the equivalent of the design contribution space, especially in the U.K. We’ve got some good clients in Scandinavia. As I said, some of the public and private – public and corporate pension plans in Japan, the one area that we are still struggling to penetrate is asset owners in Mainland China for example. We have two or three of the salient, big clients there. China Investment Corp for example is a client of BarraOne. We made a public announcement about that a few months ago. We have just returned from China last week. One of the things we’re trying to figure out is how to sell some of these systems in a market that is a little bit cautious about using on-line ASP solutions.
Henry Fernandez: That was as a result of the acquisition in July of 2010 of the Measurisk, a small company that we bought from JPMorgan. We merged it into a product called Hedge Platform that was part of RiskMetrics. It took us almost a year to re-engineer that combination and find alternative sources of data and the like. But now it’s beginning to go into high gear. That’s an area of meaningful growth for us in the next years to come.
David Obstler: Yeah. We are in upselling, selling through the model to clients and achieving success. It’s early days. We’re just out with it. But as Henry mentioned, the response from the clients is it’s been positive.
David Obstler: Yeah, thanks. We reported in the last quarter that we achieved our target, $50 million, and that that had run through the financial statements and closed the book on that chapter. As far as going forward we are making investments in the business, in the risk business, in a number of different areas, as well as continuing to work as we do every quarter on our cost structure in areas of non-compensation such as market data, IP, etcetera. Those numbers are flowing through the growth rates in our cost structure, which as we said is 5% in comp and non-comp in the quarter.
David Obstler: As we mentioned in the remarks, the net hiring is in the emerging markets and that has enabled us to add these heads but control the costs, the compensation costs related to that.Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company: Great, thank you.
David Obstler: Yeah. Just to follow up, Michael. The impact in the quarter on the run rate in the benchmark business was less than $400,000. As Henry mentioned, most of the contracts are denominated in dollars. Most of the run rate difference, which is a little under $6 million, was in the Risk Management Analytics business, where more of the contracts are in Euros et cetera. So, as far as the benchmark business is concerned, negligible effect on the run rate in the benchmark business from currencies.
David Obstler: The revenues would mainly be related to two things. One is the AUM, as we mentioned, where the average assets under management were lower, and there are small and recurring non-recurring sales, one-time sales in periods-to-periods that have that effect down into the single percentages or so.
David Obstler: And that would most likely be related to the one-time sales and the timing of those sales with a one-time sale in one period versus the other.
David Obstler: The subscription business, the benchmark was up 2.8% sequentially in run rate. That is – to remind everybody that doesn’t include the non-recurring sale. So, this effect down into these percentages is related to whether you have a one-time sale in one quarter versus another.
David Obstler: Yes, Michael. As you’ve been following, there is a weighting in the fourth quarter. It’s not our most weighted. The governance business is more weighted in terms of renewals, but there is a weighting. That would mean on the same retention rate you would have more cancels than you’ve seen in previous periods. But, the weighting is not very significant in the RMA business.
David Obstler: Also to add another aspect of the asset owner client base has been in our hedge fund transparency business where the fund-to-fund and other asset owners have been strong. That’s been in Europe as well as in United States. So that’s been a strength for us also in the asset owner area.
