Henry Fernandez: Yes, so definitely, we're on a journey to better match the pricing of our Analytics product line to the value that we believe we're providing to our clients and we've rolled out price increases pretty much across the board. Those discussions are going relatively well. Obviously, nobody wants to pay more for things and therefore, there's always an element of that but they're going pretty well. We're making sure they go through and we're discussing with our clients and there is no -- we don't identify any fear or cancels at this point because of that and people are beginning to understand that we got to invest in the product line, we got to do more things and we got to become more profitable as well. So, they're going well and there is a little of that being reflected with first quarter. I will say maybe 20% to 25% of the sales in the quarter are price increases at this point and we are going to continue to see that going through throughout the year.
Henry Fernandez: Well, I think at the point now, we definitely would expect a gradual decline in the tax rate as we continue to do the work and execute on it. We've gone through a progression of a -- we have initially a cost plus model. We executed at the end of last year a process in which we're shifting the profits to better represent where the activity is being performed across the world, and that has benefited us so far. Ultimately, we want to go something that is called principal-hub model, and that is probably at this point not going to be implemented until the end of this year, and that would help us lower the tax rate further. That's what we're looking to do and obviously, operationally, it's quite a lot of work to achieve all of that and the current set of regulations by the Treasury doesn't seem to affect us at all, but you never know when new things get thrown at us by any one of the taxing authorities around the world.
Henry Fernandez: Well, the first quarter was a tad unusual in which when you see the average $145.7 million here, because we started the year with a lot of our budget and lot of our plans for continued investments and balancing out profitability versus investments. Now during the volatility that took place in the market, at some point in the quarter, we decided to slow down certain investments because we didn't know like most people whether we were in a bear market -- the beginnings of a bear market or whether it was just a nasty correction and we didn't want to be stranded with a lot of high cost if it was a protracted bear market for the balance of 2016. So we slowed down a few things. Some of them, for example, in the Index coverage efforts and things like that. So now that the market has recovered, we want to step up a little bit of that but within the target of profitability that we talked about. None of this is in any way, shape or form to dampen significantly or meaningfully our profit margins that we have for the year, but some of that needs to come back up. So there'll be investments in coverage, sales people, client service, consultant. There will be investment in the back-end in technology. If you see, for example, capital expenditures, the average in the quarter was low. We need to step that up in order to achieve the targets we wanted to achieve. There are similar -- there have been similar declines in operating expenses in technology that we need to get back on track, but again, I want to emphasize that this back-end -- and none of that will necessarily happen in the second quarter by the way. Second quarter may end up being not largely dissimilar to the first quarter, but we got to step it up at some point in order to continue to invest for future growth in the Company in product management, in some of the technology efforts and in data efforts and in coverage.
Henry Fernandez: I think it's more important today than it was in the past. Underneath some of this efforts that you see in Analytics -- in the Analytics product line, there is a meaningful amount of investment that is going on, on both -- the new architecture and interface that we've talked about, which we continue to develop and showcase it with clients. We haven't started really selling it, but we're beta testing it and things like that. And importantly, a meaningful amount of investment in fixed income analytics, both for multi-asset class risk, performance and for portfolio management in fixed income -- in purely fixed income portfolios, we spend an inordinate amount of time since December in consultations with key clients around the world. I think we've done 50 or so consultations, as to what they would like to see in fixed income portfolio management and analytics, in our offering and therefore what investments we should do. So that continues -- the way we have funded that has been by a relentless effort through look and re-look, and re-look at the cost base of analytics, and the prioritizing were longer-term and maybe they have a [indiscernible] by reassigning and reallocating and creating efficiencies, and the like in order to make room for these two meaningful investments in the product line, which is the newer technology platform, the new software platform that we'll overlay on top of RiskManager and BarraOne and TTM [ph] and secondly, the newer initiative is fixed income analytics, and we are heavily invested in that area in the context of these financials. So I think the team in the average phones has done a marvelous job of trying to keep sales high if we can, retentions high, hammering and hammering at the cost structure and making room for investments, while we keep increased profit margin.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, look, that is roughly -- it's all Analytics. That comment was all on Analytics across the board. We no longer make a distinction; the old distinction that we have between RMA and PMA and all that, because we're trying to comingle all of it into a front to back offering of portfolio management and risk management. So, it's all analytics across. As you may remember, we had started taking steps to increase prices in portfolio management analytics, equity portfolio management analytics a couple of years ago and we continued a bit last year on a smaller run rate of the overall PMA product line. What we're now attacking in a big way is what is the right pricing which has led to price increases versus the value of the multi-asset class portfolio analytics, and therefore RiskManager and BarraOne, managed services and all of that, and that's what we are rolling out and that was the comments I made at the beginning of the Q&A, of course.
Henry Fernandez: No, it's much higher, much higher than first quarter last year. The comment I've just made, right, if you look at the price increases we are doing on the old PMA run rate was $100 plus million. With the analytics, the multi-asset class run rate was $300 million plus. So those selected price increases that were on PMA don't compare to the price increases in aggregate dollar to the price increases we're doing in the all multi-asset class risk analytics.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, surely. At this point, that segment All Other, is composed of two product lines, the ESG product line and the real estate product line. The ESG product line is red hot. It's -- as Rich indicated, revenues grew 21% from first quarter last year. Run rate grew 22%. We are capitalizing enormously on the relationships that MSCI -- the old parts of the MSCI have with the big mainstream asset managers in order to penetrate -- to have this product be penetrated in those main stream asset managers as they are beginning to look at investing on the basis of ESG criteria. So that has doing well. The profitability of that product line has increased meaningfully. It was losing money two, three years ago. We got to breakeven a couple of years ago and now it's got a little bit of a profit margin. I think the trade-off there on ESG is that [indiscernible] to invest, this is a very large opportunity in the world, and you got to invest in products, you got to invest in coverage, in sales and so on and so forth. So that's the trade-off we try to do. So we want to do in a discipline way. So we've asked the team to show up with more profitability. It's a good discipline and create more operational efficiencies so that we continue to reinvest back into the product line. Now real estate is in a different state of development, which is when we bought this business, we knew we needed to do a radical surgery to it in order to prepare it for global foot print in a global expansion and all of that. We needed to revamp the product line, automated data processes, create new technology, create better delivery systems to our clients through this new real estate portal and the like, relocate the vast majority of the staff from the UK to emerging market, especially India, major transformation of that product line. And I think we probably have the worst order in that process and in terms of the financials and now we'll continue to see improvement. The product line got obviously hit by the fact that a lot of the sales are in pounds because this originally was largely a UK business. So those translated into dollars. So meaningful a decline in growth rates, but they continued to grow and the profitability has increased dramatically from a loss to a little bit of a profit, hopefully this year and we want to continue on that growth. So as I said before, one of our goals across the Company is to maintain the profitability that we have in Index, was to increase significantly the profitability of analytics which we have achieved and obviously have more work to do, and this incubator of new businesses and new product lines with the All Other segment, to get it to a position that it contributes meaningfully to the profit margin of the Company, but we got to be realistic that this is an area where investment is needed and therefore we're going to overweight investment versus profitability, we'll see better profitability, but it's not going to yet get to levels similar to the other businesses.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, we definitely want to continue on all of the above for sure. I think, at this point, you'll see that EMC, DMC split continue to inch upward. Not yet clear where the targets are. Obviously, we're pushing as hard as we can to make it higher. I think once you start getting into the 60s, you may starting get into the limit and a lot it is because you're going to have a lot of -- a lot of our senior product people, our coverage people, our consultants in big financial centers of the world, which is where our biggest clients are, in New York, London, Boston, Chicago, the major European capitals, and Tokyo, Hong Kong, all centers that obviously are more expensive than in emerging market, and that makes -- you get our people there and a lot of people in order to serve as a client base. So that's where we are. Now importantly, take this opportunity to say that a lot of -- in the last two, three years, we embarked on a process of really pulling out as many metrics, operating metrics, financial metrics, putting the financial software systems to be able to automate those and then hire finance directors that we couple with business people and engrain that in the culture, so that the whole Company is being managed by metrics, by daily metrics, financial metrics, operating metrics and all of that. We're in a journey. We're probably a third of the way in that journey and that's why the comments that I made and the comment that Rich made is that it makes us cautiously optimistic that as we develop deeper and deeper metrics, that the -- that's going to help us make better understanding of the cost and how to squeeze it, it's going to be better understanding of profitability and how to go to the places where its higher, how do we understand the value proposition to our client versus the pricing and so on and so forth, and therefore makes us hopeful that this operational efficiency will continue, this increase in revenues will continue from being smart about how you allocate it and on top of that, the investments in new products.
Henry Fernandez: So, one, the sort of bouncing around a little bit of the bps is totally mix-driven, totally, which is totally out of our control. Secondly, no change whatsoever on the renewal of contracts and fees and all of that compared to all the practices that we have had. So basically zero change there. And then three, yes, given the factor investing -- huge push that we're making is allowing us to launch a lot of domestic products with indices and licenses to our EPF clients and that's a priority of ours. That's a good way for us to be domestically relevant in many of the big markets. So when you look at the MSCI iShares or the iShares MSCI minimum volatility ETF, it has been capturing significant amount of flows and that's great because it's all a domestic product with good fees and good revenues for iShares, for us and it's a win-win and it makes us much more relevant in the domestic market.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, on Analytics, the last two quarters have been great positive surprises, clearly for us and for you and a lot of it is because we keep hammering and hammering away of the allocation of cost and investments and all of that, and that has yielded positive results. But the product line needs investment. This new architecture is hugely important in order to not only create the platform for higher growth of the product line, but also making us even more efficient, because we have so many platforms that we had to maintain, right. And now with this new initiative since the fourth quarter on fixed income analytics, again, we're incubating that initiative by [indiscernible] to pay full. So if they put at some point as we see the development of revenues, then that initiative will have to fund it additionally. So that's why I think that we got to be realistic and I think 25% is not a bad number to use.
Henry Fernandez: Yes. I think that -- in M&A, obviously, the last 10 years, we've made the big acquisitions we wanted to make to position the Company well. We're not really looking for any bigger type of acquisitions unless they're blatant and they're right in our mainstream and they create significant amount of shareholder returns. If not, we'll pass, right? So we are focused on trying to look for bolt-on at this point, and those are opportunistic and they come sometimes, they don't. But in all of this thing, we're here to create value and therefore the discipline of the returns -- high returns is still valid, automatic and obsessive].
Henry Fernandez: Laurent Seyer, our Global Head of Client Coverage is sitting here next to me and smiling. He joined us 16 months ago, 15 months ago, and he's done an incredible job in revamping the go-to-market strategy in a variety of ways. We've changed dramatically the compensation system. We launched that at the beginning of this year to a much more incentivized system. So far so good, early days, but so far very good. We can attribute some of the success on the fourth quarter and first quarter through that incentive plan. Three, we have streamlined a lot of the efforts there. We drove out lower performers, focused on the higher ones, made sure we're focused on the right territories and so on and so forth. We've put out lot of effort into the senior account managers in order go to sea level of our clients, and in addition to the bottom up selling, the top down selling and those are beginning to produce some great results. So I think that across the board, not just in one product line -- by the way, we merged all the -- we brought out there, Laurent's leadership, all of the products lines from real estate to ESG to that. We regionalized them under the leadership of the various regional managers. We have a complete team among the regional managers. He and his finance team have done an incredible job building out all the metrics. So we are looking at managing the whole coverage effort by metrics that we place. So all of that is yielding great results and is all across the board and more to come.
Henry Fernandez: Yes, look, I think there are two conflicting trends in market volatility with Analytics. On one hand, when volatility increases a lot, the product is more badly needed. People want to focus on risk and where the performance is coming from and all of that. So radical demand goes up. On the other hand, sometimes top suppliers get a little bit itchy and they slowdown the decision making process, and therefore the pipeline slows. We don't tend to see the things coming out of the pipeline. Honestly, what we just tend to see is that we were hoping post some sign this quarter and it just slipped to the first few weeks of the next quarter and therefore that makes the sales a little more -- little more volatile sometimes. So that's -- now where we are, I think that I'm going to say something that sometimes people -- I think Analytics over time, over a 10-year period, could potentially surpass the size of the Index business. And the reason is that there are a lot more use cases that you can this to around the world. There are so many asset managers and asset owners that need a platform to be able to understand performance and risk and portfolio construction and asset allocation, and I think we're only in the early innings of providing that but it's a new industry, it's a new process, it's a new -- this, we're largely it, we're at the forefront of all of that and obviously, we're doing it with legacy systems and legacy products and we're trying to break out of that problem in order to grow faster and be more profitable. But I think this is a tremendous opportunity for somebody and I hope that it turns out to be for MSCI.
Henry Fernandez: I think it's blocking and tackling. We're focused intensely on performance of people, so that if somebody given them a chance, they're performing, we upgrade and therefore create more productivity at a fixed cost. Secondly, this whole metric that I'm talking about is huge, is huge. We always had good instincts and good gut feelings and the like and we've made great decision. We're trying to improve that decision making process dramatically by preaching the same thing that we tell our clients, manage their portfolios with quantitative tools, right. So manage our decisions by metrics and that has a lot of improvement. Improvement in theory out of the cost and when the payback of those costs in the investment, what the returns of those investments are, put the money where it's a higher multiple evaluation rather than a lower multiple evaluation and not every dollar EBITDA -- the value are the same, and so on and so forth. So, as I said, we're in the early innings of that and I think that will yield lot of results over time.
Henry Fernandez: One think that is very important to keep in mind is we are in the middle of a lot of work in understanding the pricing and the level of price increases and renegotiations of contracts versus the volume versus volume, how much of the run rate is subject to this, how much of it is not and all of that and we're giving you directional comments because we're not yet in a position to give you very specific metrics. And this is part of the metrics where hopefully in the next couple of quarters we'll be able to give you very specific things with a high degree of confidence. We know a lot but we want to double check and triple check fully those numbers. At this point a lot of the multi-asset class risk management analytics run rate is not yet priced at a level that is commensurate to the value that it provides.
Henry Fernandez: We are and we're seeing a major differentiation between those index providers that are revenues centers to the client like we are versus those that are cost centers. So we're seeing a bit more pressure by ETF sponsors to rotate out of those that are lower cost if they don't add a great deal of value. The benefit of MSCI is that given our $10 trillion plus of client assets that are benchmarked to MSCI, a lot of ETF launches are option contracts, so to speak, on a call on that money to be invested in those ETFs. So we become a revenue center for our clients. So we are constantly in dialogue with our clients to see what do they have in their portfolio that it is managed against an index that is not giving them what they want, but we want to be in the areas where we add a lot of value and we have a premium pricing and we do not want to be in those areas that we're competing on cost.
Henry Fernandez: Mainly, just as we indicated due to timing. So, essentially, when you look year-over-year, we've had a substantial growth in our business, including our invoicing. And a lot of that invoicing happened later in the quarter. Therefore, some of the collections that we had expected in the first quarter get actually moved to the second quarter. Plus, in terms of interest expense, with the two new debt offerings that we have, we now actually make an interest payment every quarter, right. So we have two debt offerings, they pay semi-annually, but the way it works out is every quarter we'll have one interest payment, roughly in the $20 million to $25 million range.
Henry Fernandez: Thank you very much for your time. We went over a bit, but we wanted to get to everyone on the line. So we will talk to everyone soon. Thank you.
Rich Napolitano: We are looking very closely at the new rules that are being proposed. At this point, we are still standing firm with our guidance of 33% and 34% in our plant for this year, but at this point, we don't see this is going to materially change our goals.
Rich Napolitano: Overall, internally, we call it our business intelligence initiative, which as Henry mentions is the ultimate goal to provide very transparent timely decisions support information to all the business heads. And it's not just about SAP, right, that's one tool and a portfolio tool that we've been investing in. And we're investing in SAP to do a lot of the ERM and the general ledger functions. We're using other tools like Clarity to do project management, workforce management, as well as activity-based costing. We use Workday and Concur for either people management or expenses. And what we're doing is basically linking all these tools together into what we are calling this new business information platform. Again, we're along that journey. We still got some time to get there, but every quarter, we pump out better and better information as Henry has mentioned to help us manage.
Rich Napolitano: Yes, the competitive environment hasn't really changed that much. This definitely -- all our product lines will increasingly become more competitive and therefore, the name of the game is not to have competition. It is to compete and win and we're shaping up the Company to do that. So not a lot of change. There are only two or three providers on multi-asset class risk analytics, depending on the space, depending on what the client segment type, asset owners or asset managers of hedge funds, and there are two or three that provide equity portfolio management analytics. Obviously, we're trying to enter in a big way the fixed income portfolio management analytics space. There are other providers in there but we're trying to do it in a way that is congruent and attached to the work that we do on equity portfolio analytics and multi-asset class risk analytics for those clients.
