Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, let's step back a minute and just talk about the overall environment that we're seeing. Look, it's a very fragmented market, and we've got lots of different client segments. And as we've talked about in the past, some of those segments are healthier, and some have been more challenged over the last several quarters. So, what we're seeing now is that, I would say, a slightly strengthening environment in that we're seeing a higher retention rate. Retention at 93.9%, up over the last several quarters. And we're seeing favorable sales, up 8%, and cancels more favorable as well. So, we are seeing strength in some client segments, particularly asset manager, asset owner client segments across our RiskManager offering, BarraOne, equity analytics. In fact, net new sales to asset managers were up 33% year-over-year. We do still see some weakness in some segments, particularly hedge funds and particularly outside the U.S. So, the way I would characterize it is that, look, we're cautiously optimistic here. We've seen – we've got a healthy pipeline. We're looking at how we're progressing in Q3 in terms of execution and closing deals, and we've seen nice execution in July going into Q3 here. The retention rate is healthy. But we're being cautious. And our profitability is on track with the way we planned the year. So, I'd say we're cautiously optimistic for the second half.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. I'll just add in here a little bit, Bill. And it's a really good question, so thank you. Yeah. I mean, we look at the amount of available cash and our approach to capital allocation is consistent here. We're really disciplined about the way we look at it and being consistent about it. And when we look at the amount of cash in the U.S. that's deployable, and again, we see the international cash balances growing as we've kind of made progress here on the tax structure. But we look at the deployable U.S. cash, and we look for opportunity in terms of volatility in the market. And we're going to be really disciplined about waiting for those opportunities. We're in no rush here in that we need to be any less patient. So, we're pretty comfortable with the approach that we've taken here. We're going to be consistent with that.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So, in terms of thinking about end market and looking at the data and looking for indications of, is the end market getting better, is it less challenged? You look at the quarterly sales and cancels that we've been seeing. And as you recall, we saw elevated cancels in 2016, particularly in the back half of 2016. And that level of cancels has come down in each of the last two quarters. So, that's kind of a good signal, a good sign. From a new sales perspective, we're still kind of in that same range that we had been ex the strong Q4 that we had. But Q1, Q2 sales have been kind of in that same range. So, we're cautious here. We see some signals that could indicate that maybe it's getting a little bit better. But look, we planned the year, we planned 2017 being very cautious and we're going to continue to operate that way because it's not clear yet as to where the market's going.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. Hi, Toni. Yeah, so for the quarter, we were outside. We're above that 68% to 72% long-term target range. As you noted, particularly strength on the ABS side. But from a short-term perspective, you can see that happen sometimes quarter-to-quarter depending on what's happening with the market appreciation or depreciation and what's happening with AUM. So, on a short-term basis, in a particular quarter, you could see us go up or down. Now, look, our job is to look at that set of conditions in the environment and, say, make an assessment about, look, how sustained is this going to be, and then planning accordingly. For now, we're sticking with that 68% to 72%. We think that range continues to make sense as a targeted range of profitability.
Kathleen A. Winters: So, look – we're looking at the pipeline every day. And the pipeline looks very healthy right now. We had a decent sales quarter in Q2, sales were up 8%, yet we still have a healthy pipeline. We had several large deals that kind of slipped from closing in Q2 to the closing in the early days of Q3. We are looking at how we're executing in terms of closing deals in kind of month one and starting month two here of the quarter and we're pretty happy with how we're executing. We look at the retention rate. The retention rate has been up the last couple of quarters. And you may recall, we planned the year pretty conservatively and from a profitability perspective for 2017, the way we planned the year was that we would expect to have margin rates at or about the same level of the exit rate in 2016. Based on how we've progressed the first half of the year, we think that is how the year will play out.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, the non-ETF passive, the largest category would be institutional funds, either separate pools or institutional mutual funds that are around the world, that are managed passively. And this would be the big passive managers in America, the Japanese cross banks running a lot of money for Japanese asset owners. For example, some of the big passive managers in Europe, and the like. So, that's the definition. Now, the majority of the money that they have been managing is market cap, and it's very sticky. And there is a one-quarter delay in the way we account for this because of the nature of counting is not publicly listed. So, we've got to do a reconciliation of the AUM with our clients. So, bear that in mind that there's always a quarter delay particularly as compared to the ETF passive. And then like now, the group dynamics that are going on in this area is in the following front: one is we have put a lot more resources of our salespeople calling on these institutional investors and spending a lot of time with them in back-testing our index strategies, and for them to pick an index. A lot of the effort is on Factors and ESG, and the fees associated with those are much higher than the fees associated with the market caps. So, we have to see how it evolves, but I would pay a lot of attention to this area because it will continue to grow at a good pace. And it may accelerate a little bit because of the incremental assets that are being managed with the new innovations like ESG or Factors or a combination of ESG and Factors at a higher level of profitability.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well. We're very positive and optimistic about this area. We've been at it for quite a long time, a couple decades, and we started with trying to launch with our exchange partners, either (40:57) index futures contracts or single-country index futures contracts. So, the majority of the revenue in prior years was coming from the single currency, single country futures contracts, and some time ago now, five, seven years ago, working with the then NYSE Liffe USA derivatives exchange which is now ICE USA. We were able to crack the market for multi-country, multicurrency index futures contracts which is a new area in the derivative business. Most of the futures contracts around the world are single country, single currency, or in the case of the Eurozone, single currency even though multi-country. So, the area that we excel a lot is obviously multi-country, multicurrency. So, we feel good that with these two contracts, emerging market and (42:00) trading in the U.S., already thriving, that gradually we can move this model around the world. We can move more of these types of contracts into the European time zone and into the Asian time zone and the like. So, clearly, it's a small base. But we have a lot of confidence and hope that this is an area that we'll continue to grow fast in over the years.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, Just as a way of background, a lot of our Analytics content is currently sold through various types of platforms, at this point mostly MSCI platforms, some non-MSCI but mostly MSCI platforms which is, if you think of it as the Barra platform which has two, three different applications that are on a common system that's the Barra Portfolio Manager, the BarraOne, and the like, and that is mostly a factor-based multi-asset class platform. And then, the risk manager or risk metrics platform, that is a little shorter-term, multi-asset class risk management, and that has the H (43:30) platform with it. It has a credit platform and the like. So, what we're doing is building on top of that another platform, which we call the MSCI Analytics platform, that will take each one of those soft platforms, so to speak, as an engine for the interface and a lot of the orchestration of the routines are going to be done by this new platform, and therefore, aggregate all of our analytics content into one delivery mechanism as opposed to the fragmentation that we have had. And on top of that, we want to put all our content, our factor indexes, our market capital indexes, our ESG indexes, our ESG ratings, et cetera, et cetera, into that delivery mechanism in addition to continuing to sell that content through other third-party platforms and also that content directly to customers. So, we launched already a first version of this new platform, which is for now only geared towards the equity portfolio management space, i.e., the factor based equity portfolio management space. And we're in the early process of selling that. And then we are also beginning the work on adding the fixed income portfolio management into that, and then adding the multi-asset class risk management and performance attribution of that. So, we're approximately probably a year-and-a-half away from completing all the functionality of the platform in equities and fixed income and in multi-asset class. But the early test and the early showing to clients is pretty positive, obviously, it's going to take time to build up revenues on this. And there will be – the revenue that comes with it will have to be balanced between the revenue that is in the current platform and gets transferred to this platform, and, therefore, it may be a net neutral versus incremental revenues. So, we'll report on this. But we're very excited about this, but we're not yet in a position to be reporting on revenues or anything like that.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. That has always been the case, particularly with non-U.S. clients. We – as you know well, MSCI U.S.A. equity index as a component of our either equity or world index, is the benchmark for institutional and so many individual investors outside of the U.S. So that continues – we continue to get a significant number of mandates around the world to be benchmarked actively or passively against MSCI World, MSCI Equity (47:23) or the like, which incorporates the U.S. equity component, right? So, that continues like before. What we're very excited about that is common is our ability to compete on the basis of U.S. equity indexes, particularly with ETF managers in two categories. The larger category is innovations on ESG and Factors and the like, not just simply what we call market cap but with the overlay of an ESG screen or a Factors screen of various categories. And there is a significant number of ETFs on this area and the like. If anything, I think in the last few periods, we'll taken about 10% of the inflows of money into U.S. equity ETFs, obviously, from very low levels a few years ago. So, that's pretty positive. This particular win is about the MSCI USA market-cap indexes, not Factors, not ESG, and the like, and they will be launched in the next few months. And we're hoping that we got the ETF manager to gather assets in this category, and the hope of this manager is also to market them around the world to all those institutional clients around the world that are actually benchmarked to MSCI USA.
Henry A. Fernandez: If you look at the – first of all, the level of available cash in the U.S., net of operating cash has come down. We're at $250-or-so-million today. So, if you're going to think about the amount of excess capital that can be deployable into share repurchases now, has decreased because we've been hammering away. We can't use the non-U.S. cash, to bring it back. Well we could, but we break the glass and we have to pay taxes and all the problems on the non-U.S. cash. And obviously we need to maintain a level of, say, $100 million to $150 million of operating cash for operating purposes. So, because that level is smaller, not small, but it's smaller, relative to the past, that has allowed us to be even more opportunistic and patient about how we do what we do – purchase – we continue to believe that our stock is good value. This is not a reflection of valuation on our stock whatsoever. It's simply being opportunistic about weaknesses, softness in our stock, and volatility to be able to buyback in size. We continue to buy at all sizes, at all prices, but we're hoping that there's volatility, so we buy much more at lower prices. Again, because we're not worried about the level of excess cash, we're not worried about any of that, we're not worried about devaluation, we simply want to be – continue to be very opportunistic and smart about this process. And there's no change in that. That will continue.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, sometimes these comparisons may be a little bit lumpy because, again, there are reconciliations associated with the line (53:31) that comes in reconciling all of these numbers with our clients. But I think the way to think of this is that the drivers of this AUM are in three categories: One, obviously, there has been a significant increase in equity values around the world. So, that applies to the passive equity. And therefore higher levels of passive equity at a fixed basis point fees fuels higher revenue. So, that would be one category. Second category is the same way that we all talk about the flow of assets into ETF which is our passive vehicle, there is also a flow of assets going into institutional passive. Maybe – obviously ETF is from a lower base and institutional passive is from a much higher base. And therefore, the rate of growth may not be as high but there is flows of money going into that category and that gives us a second layer of revenue. The third category is a sum of that incremental flows into institutional passive is not only in the market cap category, where our fees are lower, but it's also in the ESG and factor category where we're able to price that at a much higher level. So, when you combine those three areas, that's what's giving you that double-digit revenue growth.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. $65 billion in AUM in all of those ETF of all categories. As I said, the big impetus as of now has been the single factors, particularly the minimum volatility factor in our ETFs, and what we're beginning to see is demand for diversified multi-factors in which you combine say quality, value, and low volatility, as an example, so diversified. But that's still small, but that will definitely be another level of growth in the future. So, not only the single factor but the diversified multi-factor ETFs as well. And again, we're beginning to see some demand for that and some products are being launched on that, but it's not yet a big category.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, it's hard to quantify because everything is about – I mean these product lines are always in a state of improvement because you're adding new models, you're adding new data, you're improving the risk management platform, the performance attribution platform, and the like. So, in any single quarter, the vast majority of your sales are based on the existing product line, not in further improvements of that product line. Although when you sell a product line like this, there is an implicit contract, social contract so to speak between us and the client that we're going to continue to evolve the product line to reflect the new asset classes or sub-asset classes or new ways to look at risk, new ways to understand performance, and the like. So, that's a constant that you want to do.
Henry A. Fernandez: And our longer term targets here are revenue growth in the high-single-digits and EBITDA margins in the 30% to 35%.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, no – first of all, you got to understand we sell to both, to active managers and passive managers. So, if you think about – in the subscription, whether index subscription or analytics subscription, a category that's an equivalent to selling into active managers around the world. Not totally but mostly, right? And, obviously the passive data reflected, the sales to passive accounts are reflected in the (01:00:41). So, we're hedged (01:00:45) both ways. There has been a lot of discussion about how high can passive go and our view is that it could go very high. Now will it continue at this level? It could but you're beginning to see some recovery of the active management process by differentiation, by concentration of portfolios. It's hard to add an incredible amount of value as an active manager when you have asset prices being controlled by non-monetary policy or macro events or things like that. So, as these monetary injections begin to decrease and as you have more volatility in the market and if you have bull and bear markets and the like, the value of active will come back and we're banking on that and that's where – are helping a lot of our clients but passive can continue to increase also significantly.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yes. So, self-indexing is one more kind of permutation of indices that can be created that are very, very different to MSCI indices. So, I like to always remind people that over decades, maybe there were not self-indexing approaches, but there's always a lot of family of indices that exist that are listing equities that you could get for even a lower price than you building self-indexing capability. And today, those indices exist, and maybe there's even more indices in this family that exist in that category. So, we, at MSCI, it's always been, thinking about in a competition with that. And what we focus on is what is our value proposition, what is the ecosystems that we have built in terms of the benchmark and institutional investors and other form of investors around the world that are following MSCI indexes and the amount of active and passive funds, the amount of the derivative contracts around the world and the like. And we feel very, very good about that ecosystem and we feel extremely good about that value of our brand and the value of our proposition. So, there will be people that go with extremely low cost index provider, or in some cases, may even self-index. That's normal. It has happened in the past. But what we do is a completely different area, a completely different category. Our value proposition is very different than all of that.
Henry A. Fernandez: It's definitely sustainable, obviously there's been a bit here because of the lower revenue growth associated with the quarter, and therefore, you adjust down your costs on the basis of that, right? But I think what you see in this product line is that we're cautiously optimistic that there will be an acceleration in revenue on this based on a lot of what we're going to do to the product line, the repositioning of the product line, as an example, in addition to selling tools for people to use the tools, we're also doing the work for clients in the form of services and solutions, and the like. We're also integrating the various parts as I talked about before of the product line and the like. And very importantly embedded in this profitability is a very significant amount of investments that we're making to reposition that product line. So, we could show margins that are significantly higher than this if we were just investing in the business. Obviously, it's not a good thing because then, you're not going to end up growing in the future. So, we feel very comfortable about the prospects of this additional profitability, and obviously, what we're really trying hard is to accelerate the revenue growth.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, the most success because we've been at it the longest is in the integration of equity risk models and equity indices to create factor indices. And that it has been – that was what we started doing at the time of the Barra acquisition some 10 years, 12 years ago, 12-13 years ago. It took a while for the market clearly to develop. So, since the financial crisis we began to see quite a lot of that and we're extremely well-positioned to be the leading provider of that because we have both. We have an extremely well-known expertise in building equity risk models. I mean, we have an extremely well-known expertise in building equity indices, so the combination of that is extremely powerful. We are now seeing quite a lot of growth in using the same process between the ESG ratings and the ESG indices. So, if we take a lot of the – in a different way. But if you take a lot of how we look at companies and we weight them on the basis of ratings associated with a lot of this ESG criteria. And then, we say, okay, how can we – how do we build an index to be the basis of our portfolio on that. And that is embedded in the equity index of run rate somewhere around $14 million, $15 million in run rate at the moment, and growing about 50-plus percent a year which is significant upside on that as well. So, that's another category – some of our multi-asset class, analytic sales, particularly to asset owners like pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, it'll need to have an equity risk model for real estate, because real estate is an important allocation of that. So, we've taken the real estate data coming out of the real estate product line and our research people have built a private equity real estate risk model then compare and contrast with the equity-risk model, the (1:12:08) risk models in order to create that holistic multi-asset class risk and performance solution. So, that's another area. So again, all of these things is early days. In all of this, we believe that there's a lot more money in this sort of cross pollination of the product line.
Henry A. Fernandez: We couldn't really hear you. Your line kind of breaks down quite a lot. So, we couldn't really hear the question at all.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. Look, I think if I understood the question correctly, in terms of confidence and eventually high-single-digit growth rate in Analytics, I think there are two, three sort of explanations to that. One is some competitor, there are not too many competitors in this space, but some competitors are growing faster than we are and we know why, right? So, that's gives us confidence on this. Secondly, the big area here where we feel there is a lot more growth and we are better positioned at it is the – think of it as the buy side, where the asset owners, the asset managers and some hedge funds, so that's an area that we do well, so we're growing pretty fast on asset owners around the world. We have been recently growing well in the asset management community because they need particularly, clearly the asset managers, they need all these tools to manage their business and lower their operating cost in their business. So, that gives us confidence. Three – I think that we have grown well, despite the fragmentation that we have in our product line between the factor-based approach and the pricing stress test event approach. And we feel that once we combine that, all of that content into a more holistic way and have one way to distribute that through our analytical application that's going to help us. And lastly, right now, we mostly have been selling tools for our clients to use the tools. If we add our ability to do the work for our clients in our local centers around the world, that should add another layer of growth. So again, all of that transformation will take time, but that's what keeps us confident.
Henry A. Fernandez: China, talking about China. Look, first of all, I mean these are two separate parts of the company, right? The editorial decisions of the company do not get influenced by what happens and those that happen on the commercial part of the company. We try to remain extremely independent on that. How we made the decision of a small amount of inclusion on China A-shares into our indices, we have received a lot of interest by global inventors. Obviously in China A-share indices and the modules and the data in order for them to complete all of that in their emerging market index. We have been receiving quite a lot of inquiries about the launch of ETFs on China A-share or portfolios that have China A-shares in them, and we have some of that in the pipeline. Another example, a lot of Chinese asset managers that are looking at risk models to be able to manage China A-shares in the context of global portfolios, they're not there yet but they want to prepare themselves for that. So, that's – that definitely is a layer of growth that can come in Asia and around the world on China A-share. But again, it's been a separate decision between what the editorial people have done versus commercial.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, we have always looked at any kind of acquisition whether it's U.S. and overseas. And we've been very disciplined about what we look at and we are – we have certain return hurdles that we're not going to deviate from or whatever. That's going to apply to the international cash as well. I mean, there are other people that put a lower threshold of return on their international cash, so that's a negative threshold of return because that's money that is burning a hole in their pocket. We're not going to do that whatsoever. We feel it's capital. It's dropped capital, but there may be other ways to use it, right? But we are always constantly looking at the M&A environment regardless of what it is. And if it is outside and we can use the international cash with similar hurdle rates as we do anywhere else, that'd be great.
Henry A. Fernandez: Marginally, I think what we've done is clearly we've significantly increased our capabilities in fixed income overall. We're doing that in fixed income mortgages as well right in the mortgage sector of fixed income and we clearly have increased significantly our capabilities and solutions and applications for fixed income portfolio managers, and we certainly have been talking to a lot those clients that are faced with the decision as to what to do, right, in terms of replacing that system. So, early days, at this point, we have gotten with the area where we've gotten good success has been a few in fixed income portfolio management, but quite a few actually in multi-asset class risk management. All on the basis of all the great work we've done to strengthen our fixed income capabilities.
