Henry A. Fernandez: Thanks, Andy, and good day everyone. The exceptional results from the third quarter, including the 11% growth in organic subscription run rate, reflect the power of MSCI franchise and highlight the growing importance of that franchise in an investment industry undergoing a significant transformation. We continue to benefit from favorable secular trends, particularly with the continued growth in global investing, utilizing passive strategies, adopting ESG and the factor criteria, and using risk management frameworks. On top of these secular trends, we have a very diversified business at MSCI, basically an all-weather franchise with natural hedges and in a wide range of market regimes. We benefit one way or another in any market where there is active or passive; risk on or risk off; high volatility or low volatility; developed or emerging market; U.S., Europe, or Asia; sustainable investing or not; asset owners, asset managers, or trading firms; strong dollar or weak dollar; high valuations when we sell businesses, like we've done in the last few months, or low when we buy them, hopefully someday in the future; high MSCI price, when we feel good, or low MSCI price, when we buy lots of shares. We basically have a franchise that capitalizes in most market environment. Let me now give you a few example from the clients' perspectives. In these volatile conditions, our clients are increasingly using our risk management tools to better understand their exposures, run scenario analysis, and position their portfolios for various market shocks. To gain insight into the drivers of performance and risk and to build portfolios in this volatile market environment, our clients are showing elevated interest in our factor analytics and factor indices. For investors that expect sustained economic growth with moderate inflation and gradually rising interest rates, our factor analytics and factor indices help them build portfolios around strategies that have performed well in these scenarios, such as growth, momentum, and progressing in all (5:09) sectors. Alternatively, investors that believe that trade wars, increasing inflation, and rising interest rates will hinder economic growth use our factor tools and factor indices to help them take advantage of strategies like minimum volatility, quality, value, high dividend yield, or defensive sectors. Given the weakness in emerging markets, our clients are showing a strong interest in all our emerging market content from indices to risk models to ESG. Our emerging market and single country risk factor models, including our recently released China Equity Model 6, help clients better understand the drivers of performance and risk in those markets. Recently, we are seeing a growing level of attention on companies that lack transparency, engage in socially unacceptable behavior, damage the environment, or are governed in ways not aligned with shareholder or constituent interest. This trend continues to drive and fuel the growth of all our ESG products and services. In summary, MSCI's strength is that we have tools to help the investment community in any market environment. We look forward to keeping you posted on our progress and our future successes. We are hosting an Investor Day on February 28 of next year to provide deeper dive into the ongoing industry transformation and how MSCI is well position and has attractive growth opportunities in that transformation. Let me now turn the call over to Baer Pettit.
Henry A. Fernandez: So on InvestorForce and FEA, the commodity analytics business that we sold earlier in the year, the – it's an answer to we are dramatically always looking at our focus, our strategy. And anything that deviates from that strong focus on the strategy and doesn't belong will be sold. And especially in a very good high market valuations. So that's that one. On the overall sort of tone of the market and psychology of our clients, it's pretty robust. Clearly, there's been volatility around recently. But we haven't seen any issues or any cracks or any concerns or any worries that have been reflected in their budgets or in our sales to them or our dialogue to them at this point. So we remain cautiously optimistic about our continued success with those clients. Look, on the expense base and the rate of growth of expenses, our view – we kept expenses in the 5% to 6% expense growth range when revenues were only 200 basis points above that. Now that revenues are increasing, particularly subscription revenues, we want to deliver operating leverage. But we want to continue to invest in the business. Everything we do basically gets expensed, and therefore that will be reflected on a higher expense base and expense growth of the company. We do not want to – so let say if we were to grow substantially higher than we currently are growing on the top line, we do not want to widen the operating leverage of the company, given the huge opportunities we have available. We want to take advantage of that incremental growth to share it with shareholders. Part of that gets invested and therefore reflected in the EBITDA expense growth. And part of it gets dropped to the bottom line in operating leverage.
Henry A. Fernandez: It will be a high return to the investment, to the capital outlay and a very strong strategic focus. And unfortunately, we're not seeing much of the former in terms of the properties that get sold are being sold at extremely high valuations. And therefore we sit it out. We're hoping that at some point, market conditions will create opportunities for us to see better returns and coupled with very strong strategic focus on what we do. But in the meantime, we spent a lot of time in last 12 months looking at our strategic focus and found these two areas. So the FEA, which is the commodities part, and the InvestorForce. And we had an opportunity to sell them to people that would make better benefit of it.
Henry A. Fernandez: And we'll spend a bit more time on this on Investor Day. But it is very important to emphasize that we continue to be highly focused on a balance between continued margin expansion, which we want, we like, and investing in the business to capitalize on the significant opportunity that we have. And we'll create higher revenue growth. So it's a balancing out between the short term. We do not want to be milking the franchise at all. We want to be investing in the franchise. We have been doing that even in the face of major margin expansion the last three years. And obviously it's been rewarded by shareholders. That we plan to continue on that balancing out, not to – we're not planning to decline margins or anything like that. We want to continue margin expansion. But if we grow faster, we will increase EBITDA expenses faster. We will not keep them flat. And therefore it'll – based on the investment opportunities, I have a major margin expansion that will feels – make us all feel great, including me as a big shareholder of the company, but take away the value creation in years to come.
Henry A. Fernandez: And by the way, this is not a change of direction. We're not seeing really any change. This is what we've been doing for the last three years. Now we were more constrained in doing it when the rate of growth was lower, and therefore, we had to keep the rate of EBITDA growth lower than if we are growing faster. But we're committed to continue margin expansion at the same time as obviously investing for even higher growth in the company.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, we like that huge alignment, me as a shareholder that happens to be the manager of the company, really like that complete alignment of shareholder interest and board interest and management interest in one objective, and that is to drive the share price higher. And therefore, whatever we end up doing in the next few years will be focused on TSR. There is obviously a little bit of a focus in RSUs that are time vested, are not sort of share price driven in order to dampen that volatility in some of the members of the middle management team of the company. But at top of the house, including me, it has to be driven by complete alignment with shareholders. So now the second question is, whether we end up doing a multiyear plan or an annual plan, I think it's – those are discussions that are going on with the board. We have – we want to align the incentive plan to the strategy. The last, the three-year plan, had the three-year front-loaded shares, were aligned to a three-year strategy that we agree with the board. And it was very effective. And we don't know yet if that's going to be similar, or it's going be annual grant. But whatever it is, it's got to be a high level of sort of a manager/shareholder interest and a high level of drive of alignment on share price.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So, Toni, let me introduce the concept. And then Kathleen can comment on the specific numbers. The – what we have been doing in the company is in our constant strategy, trying to understand all of our opportunities to service clients and grow the franchise and therefore create more shareholder value. And in the process of doing that, we also review our organizational structure, our different management teams. Are they are in the right place, in the right seats, in the right locations? And all of that. And to the extent that we don't see a complete alignment on that, we are taking actions with changes on the organizational structure or changing of the individuals. So that's what's driving. This is not any different that we've done in prior years. There is always an undercurrent, an underlying amount of severance in every year. This quarter, fourth quarter, will be a little bit higher, because it just happened to a group, a lot of those changes. But that is the underlying driver and philosophy on all of this.
Henry A. Fernandez: I would just add something else, given that there have been a few questions on this topic is, clearly, any kind of market volatility, any kind of global economic potential slowdown or trade wars or tensions, we need to be humble about them and the impact on them. But we want to stress to you, we are not seeing any changes to our business because of that. And on the contrary, part of us think that those things present significant opportunities to enhance our franchise. So we're not giving you an indication of, we're concerned, we have problems, or whatever. On the contrary, we feel that that's – those were the comments about the all-weather franchise. We feel that this presents major opportunities for our clients to use our products.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, look, we are extremely focused on that. And the two examples there will be, when you look at our head count on the last one or two years, head count increase has been very modest relative to the sales and revenues of the company and the amount of innovation we've done. And then secondly, our – on the client coverage side, our productivity levels have actually increased probably about 20%, 25% in the last two, three years.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah, we can't obviously speculate whether it's going to double or not, but the opportunity is huge.
Henry A. Fernandez: Yeah. So that – clearly, the big driver of the Other segment right now is ESG, real estate beginning to have an uptick in terms of sales and profitability. But it's not yet in a position of making significant contributions to that segment. But we're hoping that – we're very optimistic that it will.
Henry A. Fernandez: No change with respect to the market environment. It's just simply the number of renewals that we've negotiated in the quarter gave you a little bit of overgrowth compared to the prior quarter and the future quarters. So it's just timing.
Henry A. Fernandez: Well, we can't – I mean we haven't done the call for Q4. So we can't be forecasting what's going to happen. So I think it's not appropriate for us to say in a call like this what will happen in Q4 at this point. Right? We'll – let's take you into the end of January.
Henry A. Fernandez: Look, we're definitely trying to create the standards for measurement and investing in – according to ESG criteria, one hand. On the other hand, I'm not sure that there will be just one absolute standard to this. There may be a few competitors in the space. And whether that leads to pricing pressure or not, I don't think so. I mean a lot of our clients are following the MSCI kind of metrics. And we've had meaningful pricing power there. But right now we're very focused on penetration on that across the world.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning, everyone. Wanted to start on the Index subscription side of the business. I think some of you, and I think Henry you as well, mentioned that there's been more interest in the U.S., and EM in particular struggled, I think non-U.S. developed as well. So I noted the – or I noticed the 3Q's nonrecurring subscription sales in Index being a little bit softer here. We're really flat with last year. So just wondering if those customers clearly are having a little bit of a harder time? At some of your core customers, is it harder to get pricing? Is there a – is the sales environment tougher? And in particular, what's the look into the fourth quarter, given that that environment continues to be pretty poor, and the fourth quarter is supposed to be a big sales quarter for you generally. Thank you.
Alex Kramm: Okay. So no worries about the environment or the expected 4Q, big quarter usually in the fourth quarter I guess is what I'm hearing here.
Alex Kramm: All right. Then just shifting gears real quick on the expense side. I appreciate all the commentary. But you're clearly acknowledging the challenges on the ABF side. And it sounds like maybe next year there could be a little bit of a reaction if I heard you correctly. But I'm still a little bit surprised that you're getting rid of InvestorForce. Clearly, it's a tough environment. And you've been seeing that coming. And people have been asking about your expense flex. But now you're coming in at the higher end of the range it seems like. So maybe just flesh it out a little bit. I think some people would have hoped for a little bit more reaction quicker to what's going on in the marketplace.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. No. Alex, thanks for the question. To your point, recurring sales being flat year over year, a couple things to kind of point out to kind of take that in context. Number one, prior year Q3 was fairly strong, so some of it is just related to comps year over year. But really importantly, Q2, remember, was a really high sales quarter. In fact, highest recurring sales ever, up 53%. So we had a really strong Q2. When you look at it over a longer period of time, rather than just discrete quarters, on a year-to-date basis, we feel really good about the performance of the Index product segment and particularly the subscription portion of that franchise. Recurring sales year to date are up 19%. All the regions look pretty good, particularly seeing great strength in EMEA and Asia-Pac. And in fact, our retention is very high at 96%. So when you look at it in the context of the full year performance, we feel pretty good about it.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So just to add to that a little bit. As Henry alluded to, look, our priorities and focus continues to be driving strong top line growth and controlling expenses. But as Henry said, look, we've got some great opportunities here. And we're very confident in our ability to execute. We've got an excellent management team, our bets are paying off, and we've got a track record of high return projects that are paying off, factors, ESG, fixed income helping drive multi-asset class. So it makes sense that we kind of look at these high return projects and execute them as fast as we can. Now if you look at the kind of ramp up in the run rate in expense level, there are some non-recurring type things expected in the balance of the year, which I referenced, including some investment from the marketing side and particularly some severance, a little bit higher severance in Q4. So and we think that that's the smart thing to do to kind of optimize the cost structure as we go into 2019.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. So let me talk about Q4 first and then we can go into 2019. Yeah. I mean, we've got a little bit higher in terms of severance in Q4, a couple million dollars higher. And then some incremental investments, both technology and some marketing around our most widely used indexes. In terms of implications then for 2019, I mean when you think about the cost base and the ramp up, 2018 to 2019, it's really similar to what we've talked about in the past in that you think about the cost structure that we have and our cost base being primarily people and technology, and 60% of our census (44:29) being in emerging market, when you kind of think about that and layer on kind of year-over-year merit, if you will, and investments that we want to do in all of the areas that Baer just articulated, that's really the path when you think about a 2018 to 2019 walk.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. As Henry said, look, it's a balancing act, right, because there are several things that are important to us in that we're absolutely focused on and obsessed with quite frankly. And that is strong top line growth and continuing the momentum and the trajectory there. Controlling expenses, while also being able to fund the really good investments that we have. And positive operating leverage over the long term. And just smart capital allocation, making sure we're using our capital and cash and putting it towards the best use all the time.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah, that's right. And thank you. So, Toni, we're always looking at kind of the organizational structure, the cost structure, and always questioning, how we do things better, more efficiently? So there's always going to be a little bit of this sort of activity. It's a little bit elevated in Q4. But in response to your question about the downturn playbook and kind of let's think about that in terms of looking toward 2019. We are also always looking at that downturn playbook and how do we strengthen it? How do we modify it? How do we enhance it? And so as we think about that and we think about the possible scenarios and market conditions in 2019, it's very important to us that we kind of ensure that we are a nimble organization and able to kind of adjust up or adjust down from market condition. And so we're always kind of looking at and refining that downturn playbook and thinking about it in the context of, what are the things that are kind of self-adjusting costs and costs that don't impact top line growth? Versus the things that you want to go to last, in other words, pacing of investment. So that's kind of how we think about it. And we're always kind of looking at it and refreshing it to make sure we're ready to go.
Kathleen A. Winters: And back to that point Baer, I mean we've looked at – we've looked back a decade and looked at the subscription growth each and every year during that time period. And it's been quite strong in every year.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah, I can just add a little more color there in terms of how we look at it. I mean, look, the culture here is that we're very, very careful about spending levels and always scrutinizing productivity and efficiency. And you've seen us kind of make some great strides the last couple years in terms of leveraging some emerging market talent. And you'll see us continue to do those sorts of things.
Kathleen A. Winters: No, it's really just the cash balances and just better execution on the – and yields that we're getting. No change in strategy there.
Kathleen A. Winters: Yeah. I mean you're exactly right. There is some timing stuff going on. There's a one-quarter lag. If you look at run rate, year-over-year run rate is up 24%, lots of new licenses. It's part of the business that we feel really good about the trajectory and the continued growth here.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Yeah. Thank you for the question. So it is precisely because related to the question you're asking that we kind of put an emphasis on that in my comments, my – in the script. So we feel increasingly confident that we have built the basis of the ability to have steadily increasing growth. We have actually been relatively conservative in the way that we've communicated around that to you all. And we wanted to give some color as to the examples that are driving that. So this is very much what I would call the accretion of functionality, the accretion of client focus, which we continue to believe will deliver more value. So this is more of a steady story than a rapid change story. But everything that we're seeing in terms of our client relationships, our pipeline, and the nature of the analytics we're adding to the pipeline leads us to believe that this will continue in the right direction.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Yeah. So I think that, across each of our product lines we have significant opportunities. Kathleen in her comments I believe had referenced some of our custom index growth. We're investing in that infrastructure in the Index business. And in general our ability to deliver a range of different types of content, such as thematic indexes in the Index world. We have pretty significant investments in fixed income, which are cross product lines. So some of those are mostly focused in Analytics, where I reference them. Also some new initiatives in Index. We were investing in our platform in Analytics, which is initially building out for Analytics itself that segment. But as I referenced in my comments, it has positive impacts in things like ES&G, where that content is going forward. So I would say that within each of our product lines, we have some pretty attractive opportunities, many of which I think have been referenced over the calls in the last few quarters.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Sure, I'll make a few observations. As Henry said, clearly we don't have a crystal ball. We can't see the circumstances. And we're not complacent. But I think actually some of the examples that I gave of our most recent sales and the general direction of where we're headed is that most of what we do is infrastructural to our clients. It's not highly dependent on market levels. It is the way that they run their business. It's the content they use. It's the processes they use. It's the exposures they have. So having been through this now several times – we had difficult markets in 2000, 2001, 2002, clearly, the financial crisis. I feel quite confident that our products and the need for our products is very resilient in that context almost across the board. The clear exception is of course those things which are linked to market levels themselves, which will by definition come down linked to the market. And then I think the other element is clearly in a sustainably difficult environment, our clients will – there are two things occurred. There's just generally cost pressure, looking everywhere for cost. And at the margin, that puts a little pressure on us. But it's not the nature of the need. It's just the clients' push for efficiency. And then finally going even further, if consolidation in the industry accelerates, historically, we've found that our – major cause of our cancellations can be consolidation. But those are getting kind of well ahead of ourselves. I think the most – my bias would be from my view of this in the past and my current vantage point, that in the early period and in a short term correction, we would have a tendency to be seen to be resilient compared to what's going on in the rest of the market and maybe some of our competitors.
C. D. Baer Pettit: So as a broad observation, across what we're doing generally, the pricing is not coming in lower is the headline, right? So our pricing power is generally consistent or even in various categories, as we've spoken before on some of these calls, our pricing power has increased notably in Analytics as an example. So my sense would be – and then if we go back historically, more of those things are linked to our competitive – I would say our competitive competencies at the time. So going back, let's say, a decade ago, we had some – quite a bit of pricing pressure on equity analytics, but that's because we weren't competitive enough in certain areas. So my sense is we're pretty strongly competitive in our main categories. I do think that a tougher market always leads to some price competition. But for sure we're not feeling that yet.
C. D. Baer Pettit: Sure, yeah. So let me try to structure my observations in the following way. One, clearly the wealth segment is today significantly smaller for us than the asset management. Two, the growth rate is higher. It's, I think, I believe, our highest segment growth by client segment in the last quarter. We're investing more there. Many of the trends that we've seen in other segments, notably the growth of Index products, increasing risk management, and benchmarking, et cetera, are increasing. So our strategy is to continue to invest there. And our plan and hope would be that you will see sustained growth in that segment on the quarters going forward.
C. D. Baer Pettit: The volatility has been so short that it's a very, very short period. It hasn't affected structural behavior.
