Jay Hooley: Thanks, Ed. In the face of weak trading markets, the achievement of revenue growth compared to last year’s third quarter confirmed to the strength of our strategy. In addition of performance of the third quarter compared to second demonstrates our ability to calibrate expenses against revenue. Very importantly, our service team momentum continue reflecting the client management of first three quarters of 2010. As I mentioned the acquisitions are preceding in line with expectations, together they modestly created an equally important, both are contributing new clients to State Street to whom we can sell additional services. In asset management, State Street Global advisors continues to position itself to benefit from the increase to man from past strategies, ETF investment and defying contribution plans. Looking to the future, if the economic recovery remains anemic and the trading markets continue to be weak, our industry will face continued challenges in market sensitive business. Overall, I’m pleased with our performances in the third quarter particularly given a week in this trading market. The growth of our core servicing business, the contribution of our two acquisitions as well as improvement in the net interest revenue, we enforced our confidence in achieving operating basis earnings per share slightly above the adjusted operating basis level of $3.32 in 2009. Now, Ed and I are happy to take your question.
Jay Hooley: Sure, Howard. How they do that. As you know, the regulatory reform led by Dodd-Frank is far by finalized review as a framework, although it is pointing to few things. I would say, the most tangible thing that we’re focused on right now that could result for an opportunity would be some of the movement to immobilize certain securities most notably their evidence. Do if you look at some of the derivative regulation and the expectation at some large percent of over the counter derivatives will be forced to be cleared to central count of parties. We view that as something that’s interesting. We think somebody like stage three that the processing oriented bank might be able to play a role there. So I would say that’s the narrowest thing that we’re focused on right now. I would say, the other thing that worth paying attention to is I think some of this regulation depending on how it gets ultimately needed out could result to become meaningful shift in non-trust bank sectors and whether or not that provided opportunities for the trust and custody side of the business, is yet to be determined.
Jay Hooley: You know, I just repeat what I said before and maybe Ed come way in here. I think it is very positive that the BASEL committee has started to clarify and I think we all expect that in Korea next month, we’ll see the global standards for BASEL III be finalized, and then I hoped and expect that the US regulators will move swiftly to interpret what that means in this country. I don’t know if Ed would add anything with regards I think the question more on liquidity.
Jay Hooley: We did and if I can give you a little bit of color, Glenn. I mentioned broadly the borader trends are we still see close out of that in past. Cash is down in the quarter largely because of the securities lending collateral pool investments. But I think the number to use for the quarter with 25 billion in net inflows into passed of ETF products to give you some color. So, cash down quantitative through passive an ETF up with generally the trends in the market place ad active down.
Jay Hooley: I would say steady that is the move into passive has come off a bit last year and early this year. But I’d say pretty steady and I don’t think I distinguish you as non-US. I think that market place is looking for some departure point of confidence, but right now I’d say there’s still a fair amount of money going to obey the strategies and where the recipient or what the beneficiary of that.
Jay Hooley: Let me, I think it’s consistent with the past. You can look at 7030 mix as far as the existing customer expansion versus new customer acquisition is generally in line with what the make up for the 477 would be. And well diversified. Now, US – non-US but you know cut for the vertical segment. If I would appoint to distinguishing traits of that pipeline, it would be the fall in one and I mentioned that in my remarks, one is we can clearly see, this proportion opportunities broadly in the alternative sector. And that’s not only coming from new funds, new assets but it’s coming from as you hedges on as one example, hedge funds determining that they would outsource previously in towards activities. The other distinguishing traits or trend within the pipeline and this is the point where I think we continue to be differentiated in the market place is the bigger deals almost all have middle office component. So we continue to see significant demand in the integrated solution which include the middle office, I think a place where we continue to look different than other competitors in the market. So those two things aside geographically pretty well diversified, also pretty diversified across large and small customer segments.
Jay Hooley: Given that the diversity of the mix, we tried to put a number. What I tried to do is to try to give you a little sense of implementation progress as a means to try to give you a some sense of how these assets translate to revenues. So, I think we’ve got 287 of 1.1 trillion that has been installed, a good part of that in that in the third quarter, later in the third quarter. And the other is another 800 still in which we’ll ladder in fourth quarter, first quarter which kind of big implementation quarters in the beginning of 2011. So, probably the closest that I can do give you some sense of how new commitments become revenues.
Jay Hooley: I only point to I think it’s very positive that some of these over hangs like BASEL III is starting get clarified, and I think the more quickly they get clarify, my expectation – just my expectation, the sooner we would be in the position to take capital actions. So, if you presumed that in November we’ll get global standards and the US regulated moves swiftly to clarify those on a domestic basis, I would hope and it’s just hopeful that in the first half of 2011 that we’d be in a position to look at, you know capital actions other than acquisitions which I think a fair game today.
Jay Hooley: Sure Mike, we had set an internal target which is pretty consistent with past acquisitions and performance of in excess of 90%. We’re on our way to achieving if not exceeding that and to my knowledge there isn’t any material customer that’s considering not moving ahead with us.
Jay Hooley: Yeah, Mike I mean if this environment continues, there’ll be a slight negative effect. We slowed over the short term. Certainly, that’s the comment that applies to the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. It also applies frankly as you move for around at the time. The longer rates they low, then the more challenge we are on the portfolio to generate earnings.
Jay Hooley: I feel okay with the education process. Having said that, we’re all subject to if somebody has a different recollection or see things differently. We’re probably going faced more of that. I feel very good about to contain my comments to securities lending but it’s across the whole business that we’ve been very upfront with portfolio choices one has to reinvest. They can pick and choose whether they want a separate account where they have full control, whether they want a comingled account, what they’re risk appetite. I expect that when markets normalize that we’ll see customers wanting to take more risk in order to gain more return on their securities lending. I think this is the statement broader that State Street customers. The industry has educated itself significantly through this period. I expect that once we get to something that’s more normal, customers will be better informed, providers will be even more transparent and I would hope it doesn’t turn frequently to litigation.
Jay Hooley: We have a couple of situations, which are not new but have been tracking for quarters of not years. Most of them around just characterizations or clarifications of what reinvestment for they rent. But nothing new, Nancy, nothing material or nothing – no change from prior outlooks.
Jay Hooley: That’s correct. I would say it’s a mix. There’s a large number of mandates within there. There are some more sizable mandates in there. Some of whom have to remain confidential. As suppose to prior quarters, we’re able to give you a few more meaningful names. We’re not able to do these this quarter. So, it’s a mix. There are some sizable transactions and there are that have to remain confidential for various reasons. As I said, the most encouraging thing to me not as most standpoint of the number, so it’s not just a couple of big deals – the volume and all that diversity.
Jay Hooley: That’s probably too bog at least given that the mix is very diverse. I think you can look at gross number and interpret something from that. But, I don’t think you can really take the lead at being higher yielding assets based on being alternatives oriented or being middle office.
Jay Hooley: Yeah, Brian. In terms of the servicing free line, a weaker dollar contributed in the range of about a quarter of the increase on a sequential quarter basis, so $32 million increase sequentially – so 8 million bucks of that box. Overall on test, it was significant. Our growth just to put in contrast, our growth without the acquisitions would have been about flat on the servicing free line for the quarter sequentially at overall test, as well on track as Jay said to reach our objectives both from standpoint of revenue of customer attention and our EPS guidance for the year.
Jay Hooley: I said last quarter that I thought, we could average around to I think was around 250 and so for the third and fourth quarters of this year. I think we’re probably around there, maybe a little higher. Add the $50 million then a haircut a little bit for the fourth quarter number.
Jay Hooley: Let me try that one, John. I think that underlying even to this stressful period over the last couple of years, we continue to invest. We continued to build new products, create new capabilities which I think is sustained of ability to win new customers and drive business forward. I would say, the longer term if you look at the assets for you to managing or assets that we’re servicing what we are on board, I think that’s done in period of depressed market based rather as well that interest revenue foreign exchange driven by cross-border and securities lending which we talked about so I think over time we’re continuing to try to drive market share and the core businesses that we know we are good at and doing that broadly across the globe and we think that as we come through this troth, this headwind that we speak about the market base revenues, we should be able to generate our operating leverage to the bottom line.
Jay Hooley: I read your question a bit differently so my commentary there was more the long term and the short term if we continue to face constraints as I think Ed picked up earlier, we’re looking at every aspect of the expense line, not sacrificing investments for our new product development and other things that would make a long term healthy for the business, and as you’d expect, we’re anticipating that we could be in a period of sustained or longer term market headwinds, we’re looking at where we need to work, we’re looking at different process improvements so we’re working the expense lines pretty hard back here for the short and long term.
Jay Hooley: Yeah, we still stand behind those. With the caveats that Ed mentioned, which is further clarification on capital will help refine that hopefully over the course of 2011.
Ed Resch: Yeah, I just tackle which he said basically which is that I think so far we’ve received a lot of clarity which was good. But we haven’t received certainty in terms of some of the rules. Really, until we can work through all those part of requirements, I think it’s a little premature to give specific comment on aspects of BASEL III. But, I broadly agree with what Jay said. We’ll obviously have to work through the effects on us as we get more clarity in terms to the final rules.
Ed Resch: Well, you know we’re still over view that we should continue investing through the cycle. We think of ourselves as being opportunistic in terms of taking some games which we’ve done this year as well as selling out some securities that we feel are possibly a little weaker. So, we’ve been a little more aggressive there this year as the market as presented certain opportunities. Generally, I’d say that we’re still in a pretty conservative mindset only investing at the top of this back, investing in some US treasuries as I mentioned in the second quarter and I talked about it today. We’re comfortable with all liquidity position. I think overall, there’s a possibility that the balance sheet could move a little bit to a smaller size that’s customer reinvent conservatively in the market. We see in a little bit moving out in the customer deposits and that money being put back to work which relinquish overall a good thing. I think we’re comfortable of where we are Howard, and I don’t really don’t really see us changing much on the way of philosophy. There are on the liability studies to move forward.
Ed Resch: Five-zero. That was 5-0 in the quarter Howard. And as far as outlook goes, it’s significantly premature to say, I mean we are pursuing various claims that we feel are valid claims coming out of some fo the things of the last couple of years. But no comments are worth mentioning right now because I don’t have anything concrete.
Ed Resch: No Glenn, it’s mainly due to repositioning of the treasury element of the portfolio that we did in the second quarter.
Ed Resch: Yeah, that was $8 billion where we move from bills which were yielding about 17 basis points into a laddered structure of T-notes with average duration of less than five years, about four and three quarter years. So we picked up from 17 basis points up to about 200 basis points by doing that in the second quarter. That the driver of the increase.
Ed Resch: Yeah, Mike some couple of reasons. One is that we have the US treasury trades that I talked about that we put on the second quarter. Secondly, we have in third quarter release, the full quarter Intesa which we did not have in Q2. And in the third quarter versus the second quarter, we have some live off floaters we priced when live order spiked up. So we were fortunate in that regard. Off-setting each other, we’ve had some slower pre-payments speeds which have an effect on keeping some of the high yielding assets on the balance sheet longer that what we originally thought. And against that you have a slight decline in earning asset as some of the asset sales that we took in the quarter obviously that we made. So you have a couple of competing factors there, but overall we think that we’re going to be for the full year of slightly above the top end in the 165 range that I talked about.
Ed Resch: Yeah, a little bit. If this constrained environment continues, I think it depends on what the factors. My commentary was pointed at obviously the trading market. The lack of risk taking in the world right now impinges on our cross boarder trading, on our securities lending business. I think on the portfolio on the asset portfolio, you might make a comment or two on the assets on the portfolio.
Ed Resch: Well, again I think if you look at what we said about the margin, it’s going to be slightly above the 165 top end of the range. So we feel reasonably comfortable at the margins not going to fall off a cliff from Q3 to Q4. And then couple with that overall, we can see about we believe have good servicing fee results as we’ve had all year as we anticipated. And we’re going to keep a real close line of expenses as we have all year. So, we put it all up together and that’s we feel comfortable with being slight above the 332.
Ed Resch: Let’s suppose back up and put back those numbers in contexts. So those are the once that we put for in our investor day. We were trying to give a couple of scenarios for how 2010 could shape up and almost predicated on the March 31st balance sheet, and what we tried to finance a normalized environment, okay. And the purpose was to try to give you a sense of what we thought given a whole list of assumptions was a normalized member in company. As I recall, we’re talking about our fund rates being around 3% in amore normalized environment. We gave you some spread relationships all for that. Today’s world is materially different from what we assume in that presentation. Just to give you a couple of facts relative to where we were in the third quarter versus investor day – for example, we did not assume any of the treasury repositioning that we’ve done in the second quarter. We’ve actually experienced slower prepayments overall and what we had experienced – what we expected experienced when we out up that normalized picture of them in. As I mentioned earlier, the balance sheet is slightly smaller that we assumed was a normalized balance sheet. So, the world is different. We feel pretty comfortable about the guidance for the year being slightly being above the 165. But I really don’t want to get too far out there and go in 2011 at this point other than to say that if rates continue to stay low, that would put down more pressure on them. That’s maybe obvious. Our philosophy is not to reach for yield, not to try to figure out how in a lower environment with a 10 year going below 250 for example, that we could maintain them. At some point, there’ll be more of compressing effects on them as rates stayed low for a longer period of time. But, overall we’re looking at continuing to overdoing within the context than not reaching for yield.
Ed Resch: Well, we always look in both sides of the balance sheet. We have a group in our treasury function, which is charged with looking at our liability cost and making sure they fit within the pricing construct of overall customer relationships. We don’t talk about that a lot because we seem to focus a lot on the investment portfolio, but we do look at both sides of the balance sheet from a cost and return perspective.
Ed Resch: I think that was just on a very small balance. I wouldn’t read anything into that in terms of the trend, Brian. I don’t have the exact number but it was an increase of rate on a very small amount of principal.
Ed Resch: I think that given the assumptions that we laid out on the investor day presentation Andrew, that still a valid presentation where -- with all the caveats in terms of a normalized fed funds level and a normalized balance sheet, I think that that’s still an appropriate analysis.
Ed Resch: The world is a lot different now, at least as we see it, evolving in the fourth quarter than the assumptions we made out on investor day so we’re very comfortable, as I said, with what we set for the full year then, which is slightly above the 165, and that’s obviously materially above what we’ve said was the low case for 2010 given those assumptions as at yesterday.
Ed Resch: No, other than -- acknowledge that there will be pressure if rates continue to stay low. We haven’t given any 2011 name guidance at this point.
Ed Resch: Publicly, we’ve stuck with the goals that we’ve had, which have been out there for a long time. The world has overtaken those; our high end of TC, for example, is 4.75%. We’re obviously well above that and continuing to build capital as we drive toward more certainty relative to the regulatory landscape so we haven’t updated them. Once we get more certainty in terms of the Bassel III, Dodd-Frank, etc, we will do that.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group: Yeah, I think the big debate is how much of the pressure on and now before you’re starting now at 177, that’s pretty good and keep a very good running start into this. I think some people are concerned that the name would compressed in sub-140 or worst. I just try to see if there’s some things you can do on both the liability side of the balance sheet as well in terms of reducing deposit cost.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group: All right, and had a 56-basis point deposit cost in the US deposits, which is upfront 28 second to third quarter. So, it seems like there’s a lot of room to take that down. I guess can you juts a quick comment why it went up to Q every Q.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group: Right, okay, and then maybe just down on in terms what difference second to third quarter. If you can talk about the impact from the additional six weeks of in terms of and then also foreign currency appreciation in terms of the actual service you feel on.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group: Okay. Just for last, the expense line of 50 million insurance recovery – you know it’s hard to predict what recovers will be in the future. But, I guess is it fair to look at the core one way or another expense line as to 189 plus the 50, or do you think you’re operating a little better that in future quarters in order will in terms of expenses improve that line.
