Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Although we maintain business momentum through the second quarter, the increased weakening of global macroeconomics later in the quarter, especially the situation in Europe, leaves us with a cautious outlook for the remainder of 2012. Our clients reacted to the uncertain environment by reducing risk in their investment choices, moving from U.S. and emerging market equities to bond funds. However, we did achieve positive net new business in the servicing segment of our business. We're pleased that our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation Program is on track with our plans and is contributing to the achievement of our 2012 goals. Our capital position remains very strong, allowing us to return capital to our shareholders in the form of a quarterly common stock dividend, stock buybacks and through strategic acquisitions. We look forward to closing the acquisition of the Goldman Sachs' hedge fund servicing business, which we believe will benefit our shareholders over the long term, and which enables us to expand our hedge fund client base in this fast-growing market. Now Ed and I are happy to entertain your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: No, we didn't report that. We just reported it was some $200 billion in assets under management, 150 customers. But just reported the conclusion. On a cash basis, it's accretive in the first year.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Ken, let me pick that up. The proposed acquisition of Goldman Sachs' hedge fund administration business will go through a regulatory approval process. And we'll conclude, based on that, the deal, hopefully, in the fourth quarter is our current plan. I guess the point about capital decisions, I go back to the kind of point in time, we plan to continue to execute the buyback. But should other acquisition opportunities come along, we would evaluate those from a standpoint of shareholder return versus continuing to buy back our stock based on what's outstanding and where the stock is trading. So our plan is to continue it, but it could be interrupted by other possible acquisition opportunities.
Joseph L. Hooley: And our FX business would be proportionately more tied to the core asset servicing business. So some of the derisking or the lack of risking that went on with regard to emerging market investing and global investing obviously had a bearing on that.
Joseph L. Hooley: And Brian, to your other question. The volatility here just continues. If you think back to the first quarter, the first quarter started out slow and then the back end of the first quarter, clients began to re-risk as we get into the second quarter. Mid-point, the re-risking went to derisking. So I just think, we are cautious because as we look out from where we sit here, we have worries about the U.S., the election cycle, the fiscal cliff. Europe is, at times, day-to-day, if not week-to-week. So we sit looking forward saying, "It's hard to envision a short-term scenario where there will be a shift back to re-risking." That could happen, but we're not planning for it, which is why we make the cautious comments.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. It's a hard one to answer, Andrew. I attempted to do that a few questions ago by talking about -- the first quarter had the same dynamic, which is the derisking started slow and then people re-risked in the second half of the first quarter, and now we've cycled back down again. So I think you should look at it more from a go-forward perspective of the U.S. and European markets and whether the confidence steps down again or whether it remains where it is right now. I mean, that's really what I'm signaling.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thank you. I appreciate all your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again after the third quarter. Thank you.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, Glenn. I mean, it is basically the effect that I explained in my comments, where the higher rated securities, apparently, we have a lot of AAA-rated securities that are adversely treated under this proposal, may serve to increase our risk-weighted assets. Okay? And offsetting that are some of the lower-rated securities, the ones that are currently subject to the securitization deduction, under current rules, that actually benefit us from a risk-weighted asset perspective. Okay? So you have 2 opposing comments going on there in terms of the risk-weighted asset calculation. And that is what's moving the ratio down to the 9.8%. And conversely, going back up to the 12.7%, there's 2 things going on. One, the portfolio runoff that is scheduled to occur between now and December 31, 2014, so another 1.5 years or so before the -- I'm sorry, 2.5 years, before the implementation date of 1/1/15. As well as, if we need to, potential management actions to get the ratio back to the 12.7%, which is where we started from.
Edward J. Resch: Well, it's not included in the CCAR plan that was just approved, because the rules have just been issued. I would expect that it will be factored in to the next CCAR. But more importantly, the bigger point that you raise is right, we're not changing the way that we conduct business based on this. We feel like we have ample capital, enough room to react to this if we need to. Remember the rules are proposed, they're not final. And a lot could change between now and implementation date.
Edward J. Resch: I didn't, but I'm happy to go into it with you. There were 5 bonds. They were all RMBS. They were held in our investment portfolio and held to maturity. They totaled $91 million of principal amount, and we booked a $46 million loss on them. It's a total exit of our Greek position. We thought that given the uncertainty in Europe, and more specifically, the extraordinary events in Greece, that it was wise -- and we did this before the election on June 17, it was wise for us to exit the position.
Edward J. Resch: Well, yes, I mean, obviously, there is still a lot of disruption in the Eurozone. We have about $900 million of securities in the peripheral countries, they are virtually all RMBS. They're all performing well, with the exception of a handful of a couple of bonds that are on our watch list. But we don't think that the situation, as it relates to those specific securities that we hold, is anywhere close to our analysis of what we saw as the potential on the Greek position, which is why we sold the Greek position and we still are holding securities in the other peripheral countries.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I mean, nothing has changed in terms of our thinking relative to the NPR, Ken. The deal on a GAAP basis is slightly dilutive currently. It will turn to be accretive out in 2014, 2015, in that timeframe. But the thinking has not changed. I mean, we're in a bit of a unique position, I think, in that the pure numerical analysis of buyback versus acquisition is somewhat constrained because of the CCAR and the plan that we have approved, okay? So it's not a pure analysis of one versus the other. The way that we looked at this transaction was it made sense. It was strategic. It was opportunistic. Obviously, it may not necessarily been here in the future. And we had a CCAR plan approved. So we thought it made sense to do it. Going forward, as I said before, it depends how the Fed factors the Basel III proposals, and I underscore proposals, into the next CCAR and what effect that has on any potential capital distribution next year or any potential acquisitions.
Edward J. Resch: Sure. Yes. Other expenses are really 2 things going on. One was our securities processing costs. We're comparing a low quarter, Q1 actually had a credit for those securities processing cost, a small credit, but it's relevant to a higher level of securities processing expenses in Q2. So you've got that delta. And then you have a ramp up in professional services, Q1 to Q2. That's driven by 2 things. One, these regulatory initiatives were talking so much about. We're spending on -- spending money on professional services in order to evaluate them. And two, the expenses associated with the transformation program. Those also incur some professional services, some consulting costs. So those 2 things are the drivers.
Edward J. Resch: Well, our analysis so far on those other elements is ongoing. And our view is that a lot of them are immaterial to us and net probably don't have much of an effect on us. The 2 things that I mentioned in the call are the ones that we're the most focused on, and I think, potentially have the most effect, which is the mark, OCI and the SSFA, Howard.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, we saw both the sales and trading and the indirect FX both down sequential quarter. It was across-the-board in both of the areas. Indirect FX volumes were down a bit. The FX sales and trading, which includes direct, the volumes were up a little bit. But overall, it was a quarter where it was tough in our FX business, Howard.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I'll take the first one, Brian. I mean, we start off at 40.2%, the last year's ratio. We said we'd target 39.2% for this year, assuming modest revenue growth. Now the first half of this year versus last year, revenue growth is about 0.6%. So it's pretty modest 6 months year-to-date, which is why I said that if second half is relatively weaker, the 39.2% target is going to be very, very difficult to achieve. It's hard to put a point estimate on it. But I mean, I would think we're talking about 39.5%, 39.6%, something like that, if revenue in the second half of the year is challenged. I mean, we're not going to do anything relative to compensation just to hit 39.2%, if revenue is not strong. I mean, we have to balance out the needs of everybody, shareholders, employees, et cetera, to make sure that we're maintaining the appropriate level of staffing for the business.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we don't know. We have to see how the rules evolve, what the comments are. I've outlined what we're planning on commenting on at this point, the 2 big items I noted. And we have to see how the regulators factor these proposals or maybe some revisions to the proposals in their thinking about the next CCAR. We just don't know at this point.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, they're mainly with the Fed, but they're also in part with the ECB. And they can ebb and flow, Alex. It depends where those deposits actually come in. Right now, the excess deposits are largely DDA in the U.S. So we're leaving them at the Fed, principally.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I mean, remember, we pegged that margin improvement off of the 2010 results. And obviously, the world has changed since 2010. So the answer is a complex one, but I'll try to take you through it because we breakdown how we think about the margin in terms of various categories to try to frame the changes from 2010. So starting with the effect of transformation. We think we've gotten around 100 basis points of transformation. This is June year-to-date 2012 versus June year-to-date 2011. So that's the relevant -- that's the right way, we think, to look at it, 6 months versus 6 months. So there's 100 basis points of improvement there. You have some one-timers which need to be adjusted for. Those reduce the margins by about 90 basis points. So they roughly offset the effect of transformation right there. And then if you look at the core business, which includes market impact, that's down, in terms of margin, about 1.5%, given the environment that we're operating in. Okay? So those are the 3 broad buckets, Alex, that we look at in terms of the margin effect, giving recognition to the achievement of the ops and IT transformation savings.
Edward J. Resch: We assumed various levels of revenue growth and just struck a number. And it really didn't matter much, frankly. We just assumed revenue growth grew at, pick a percentage, Alex, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8%, 10%, whatever. And we also increased expenses at the same growth rate. Not making any assumptions about operating leverage. Okay? Just to simplify things. Obviously, we target operating leverage, we say that every year. But just for this model, bring expenses and revenue up at the same rate from 2010 and add in the $600 million savings, and then you'll see that approximately the margin increases by around 400 basis points. It doesn't matter what revenue growth you took, as long as expenses grow at the same rate.
Edward J. Resch: Sure. We recorded the Greek exit as nonoperating. Our thinking there was that it was unique, extraordinary, given the circumstances in Europe, and particularly Greece. And we exited an entire position in the country, Vivek. Okay? So it's something that we think is more appropriately viewed as nonoperating, given that our view of operating should be to give the reader a view of the core earnings power of the company. And I think if we're talking about exiting a position or several -- 5 positions, specifically in Greece, at the class of item is operating, that would be, in my view anyway, not the appropriate way to look at it. In operating earnings, we have both purchases and sales, some gains, some losses that are at the margin, if you will. And we've done those over time and we report them as part of the core earnings of the company, and we had that this quarter, too.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, it's not much of an OCI effect, right? But the growth from the 9.7% up to 10% and over 10% will occur over the next 2.5 years from the mid-point this year to the end of 2014, as those securities that are subject to the higher risk weighting run off.
Edward J. Resch: No, it's not those securities at all, Vivek. It's some of our actually higher rated, we believe higher-quality RMBS securities. Some, mostly foreign, that are driving the increase in risk weighted assets. And that is actually offset by a benefit on some of the securities that I think your question refers to. Okay? Some of the lower-rated securities that some of which we sold in 2010 in order to reposition the portfolio. Those securities are actually benefiting in this calculation.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, I've used the term modest and the way that I have defined it without putting a point estimate on it, Andrew, is to say, clearly, 60 basis points first 6 months, the first 6 months. 1% or 2% is not modest, and 7% or 8% is above modest. Okay? So it's somewhere in between. That was our thinking coming into the year. But based on the first half results, that thinking is lower.
Edward J. Resch: We're not resetting lower. I mean, I'd say, again, it's tough to predict the line. But I think I've said in the past, 70, 75 per quarter is probably a good number to use. This quarter was significantly below that for a couple of reasons that I think I touched on it in my script.
Edward J. Resch: No. I think we're -- in our press release, I think we signaled that we expect 25% to 26% effective for the full year. And that's a combination of 2 things. One, the overall mix of revenue. We're obviously getting some advantage there. And then secondly, we have, and this is one of the benefits in the second quarter, a renewable energy investment which is generating some positive tax effects and will be for the full year.
