Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Let me briefly conclude our comments with 3 points: One, in the fourth quarter, we delivered solid results in a very challenging economic environment and demonstrated core business momentum. We've continued to invest in our business expanding the range of solutions we are able to deliver to our clients, balancing this investment with aggressively controlling our cost. And I remain confident in the secular trends that underpin the prospects for growth in this business, and I believe we have the right focus in the short-term to position us well for continued strong performance. I'd like to say we appreciate our ongoing dialogue with shareholders and look forward to continuing to update you on the progress of our company. And with that, I'd like to open the call for questions, Christy.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say it's probably hard to size it, Howard, but I would just -- directionally, we saw it at the back end of the fourth quarter, kind of into December, where there was a noticeable move of clients rotating from fixed income or lower-risk assets into equities, and then as well as some cross-border assets. Europe was a fair amount of that focus. And then you've seen, as we've turned the corner into 2013, you've seen some industry stats with regard to equity flows. That trend continues. I think your question is really pointed towards that effect in the fourth quarter of 2012, fairly moderate, not a big factor given where it fell in the quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me take that one, Ken. I think it probably lags the recovery in the economy and re-risking. And that business is really a byproduct of leverage put on by hedge funds and the demand for borrowed securities. So I would say, with recovering economic environment, re-risking, I think you'd see a greater demand for borrowed securities. The business can ramp very quickly. The customers that have committed their securities to the program continue to have their securities committed. And it's really just a matter of demand in the market, which can change quickly. Spreads, as you know, get influenced by the market, so the volume can flip pretty quickly.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me try that. The new business flows are actually pretty balanced between long-only and alternatives. We continue to cite alternatives because there's been continuous growth there, and we think, given our market position, we're capturing more share than most. I'd say the fee dynamics are pretty similar. The -- in the alternatives business, we have a middle office, back office component. Fees are quite similar in the alternative business increasingly over the past couple of years. Some custody of cash has been included in the product mix. So not a real difference. I would say, we continue to highlight it because the -- in the alternative segment, we get growth 2 ways. As flows come in and customers grow, we get growth that way, but there are still more outsourcing that's going on in the alternative segment, particularly in the private equity in the real estate segment. Hopefully that helps.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we got you, Brian. Well, we'll take your question and then we'll try to come back and answer Robert's question.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me try to take those couple questions, Brian. I'll give you a little color on the $630 billion. Ed maybe can talk about the GSAS margin that we saw in the fourth quarter. Overall, robust quarter for new business growth, as I mentioned in my comments, pre-mix, and some -- a couple of large competitive wins that we saw where we had pretty good pricing on which we're happy with. The -- I gave you the breakdown of the $630 billion, what was installed last year, what will be installed this year. And this year, it'll roughly phase-in over the 3 quarters of the year. And by the way, I said $630 billion, it's really $649 billion, our business mandates. Ed, do you have the last quarter, what was installed; and what's left to be installed? That was another question Brian asked.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think the -- as you've heard, Glenn, in my comments, the re-risking or the rotation to higher-risk assets back into the year, first part in the year, has been positive. Our base case assumes that doesn't sustain itself, based on whether it's the debt ceiling or any other number of factors that could influence investor behavior. So that's our base case, which I think is prudent. If the re-risking -- if the rotation into equities and global equities were to sustain itself throughout the year, which will be a very positive case, then yes, I think you would see that correlation between service fees and custody assets. Again, it's not -- we've seen this before over the last couple of years, a quick start and no follow-through, which is what we're assuming is going to happen.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, the -- I'll let Ed give you the specifics. But we did have -- I think the FX environment is still not great. Volatility continues to be constrained. We've got a multifaceted and, we think, quite attractive foreign exchange proposition, multiple ways to deliver foreign exchange. And I think what we saw in the quarter is success not only in our direct foreign exchange, which is where most of the positive quarter-to-quarter came from, but as Ed mentioned, we also continue to see growth in Currenex, which is the high-speed foreign exchange platform where we not only grew but, if the rest of the industry was down from a volume standpoint, we were up. So I think the trend is good and we think we're well positioned. Hopefully, volatility comes back, then it gets even better.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think the story of the fourth quarter, I'm pleased with, but I'm also pleased with the whole year. I think we saw a pretty steady flow of net new flows into that business, ETF being probably the dominant theme pretty consistently through the year. And equally, we did a good job in controlling expenses, so I think we had a story in SSgA, our asset manager, where flows were good and they generated positive revenues. And we got good operating leverage based on our good expense control. As far as margins and...
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think, broadly, Alex, it was really the question I answered to the -- in the answer to a prior question, which is, if we see the mix shift, the mix shift being two things: one, the shift in mix of investments that our customers invest in, obviously a positive. When we talk about alternatives versus long-only, to make that broad differentiation, we're seeing pretty good growth in both sides of those, so I -- there's less of a mix shift effect on revenue growth from that.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think I would have thought it was troughed out now. It's really a demand in the market question. I think it's hovered for many quarters in the 350 to 300 range. There's just not much demand for borrowing of securities, so I -- it's hard to call it. I do -- to my earlier point, I think markets heal, customers re-risk. That's one you'll likely to see the demand for borrowing recover. And when it recovers, I think you'll see a bounce in our securities lending business.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Let me start that, Mike. And you're right, the first 2 years ending '12 were $100 million a year, roughly, ramps to $220 million this year, and $214 million is the plan that we've had from the beginning. The progression has been correcting some -- or improving some processes, moving to Centers of Excellence. And then the third leg of that is really introducing new technology to further automate those core processes. And we're squarely midstream in it. I think we've been pretty on track with regard to the performance against our original plan. I have a high level of confidence that we're going to achieve the 2013 goal. We are operating under our private cloud environment. I think we have, roughly, 50 applications that have been operational for over a year. So that's been tested, and confident that the technology is in place. We're building systems as part of this. There can always be some slippage when you build systems, but it's not one system, it's hundreds of applications. So I think I have a lot of confidence that we'll stay the course on this. Not only will we stay the course, but we will achieve the targets that we set out for 2013 as well as '14. And just -- let me just make one more comment, Mike, because I know you'll appreciate this. I just want to -- to me, this is about efficiency effectiveness, reducing cost, eliminating errors, but it's really the transformation that's going to enable us to introduce new information-based products and services to our customers. So it has that dimension to it too. Go ahead.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, well, there isn't because, fortunately, and I say this fortunately, it's not 1 system, it's not 10 systems, there's some 200 projects, so that's -- there's many systems or applications that we're redeveloping to -- and we're redeveloping them in the cloud in parallel. So there's -- as a result, there's no day, there's no quarter. It -- they -- it happens throughout 2013 and 2014. As a result, I think that it's a less-risky proposition, in my opinion.
Joseph L. Hooley: It's just the way it ramped. Initially, the -- initially, we had process improvements. We moved to lower-cost locations. The technology -- the efficiency effect from the application of new technology has proportionately higher payoff than the human side of it.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, the recent change in the stock price doesn't change our outlook. We put our CCAR plan in earlier in the year. The -- and we look at, really, a distribution between buybacks and the dividend rate. There's some guidance around dividend rate from the fed. Special dividend is something that we've thought about but haven't really considered.
Joseph L. Hooley: No. I think you absolutely have to build it in. And I -- my sense would be it wouldn't be encouraged by the fed because of the onetime nature of it versus the laddered effect of either buybacks or dividends.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Luke, let me -- that -- it's hard to get good comparison, I think, as a starting point. We think that we, obviously, have a mix which is more anchored around passive strategies and cash. I think that, as opposed to looking at trying to reconcile our margin versus others, our objective has been to improve the margin. And we think we're on a track to do that on a sustainable basis, what we've done to invest in areas of the business that we think have higher growth prospects, whether it's defined contribution segment, ETFs continuing to expand outside the U.S. while, at the same time, much as we've done for the whole firm, is really take a hard look at the cost model and say what's essential and necessary, what's not necessary and how to create more efficiencies. The benefits that State Street realizes as a result of IT and operations also translate to SSgA. So I look at it more from a standpoint of how do we continuously widen the margin, improve the business, grow the top line, as opposed to trying to compare it discretely to other models in which, in many cases, are not apples to apples.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we -- the centralized securities depositories, that is an opportunity. It's a -- the regulation in Europe is changing, and we took a pretty long look at whether or not that made sense for us. We, through our sub-custody arrangements, we use CSDs all across the globe, and concluded that where it might be an opportunity from some, that we have better opportunities in other parts of our business from a standpoint of return on capital. It would get us into a new regulatory regime. We think it's kind of a cost re-entry to get into the CSD world. So we've taken a good look at it and concluded that we've got better options.
Joseph L. Hooley: It doesn't change it. I think that the cost-cutting effort is really about creating sustained efficiency in the operating model. And it was conceived in an environment where there was pressure on that, but the closer we get to it, it's a no-regrets move. It's a way to improve on a sustained and structural basis the operating cost to run this business. And it not only has cost efficiencies but it should lower error rates and will position us for being able to produce new products on the back of a cloud environment that will enable kind of real-time data information and analytics. So we're going to do nothing but stay the course.
Joseph L. Hooley: Well, I think that the CCAR process itself brings those issues together quite nicely. And it's an exercise that we do, obviously, for submission to the Fed, but it allows us internally to look at, over multiple periods, what we think the earnings opportunities are for the business, what our capital position is, how that gets affected by things we do in the future. And so it's all blended in. It combines the organic growth potential of the business as well as the starting capital position, and the required capital requirements as Basel III starts to unfold and become implemented. So it's all ready to growth.
Joseph L. Hooley: We -- again, we've been living in a constrained revenue environment for some time. And as I've mentioned a few times, we -- our base case is we're going to continue to live in that environment. And the IT and Ops transformation is a structural redo of how we're offering services to our customer, as I mentioned previously. We also look at all other parts of our business and say, "Are there ways to become more efficient? Are there ways to apply process improvements? Are the things that we've done historically that aren't critical or necessary today?" So it's really just part of an ongoing effort to make sure that we're looking at everything, to make sure that we're as lean and as efficient as we can be while at the same time not disturbing customer service levels, our ability to invest in high-growth businesses, and do the things that are productive for us long-term. So it's just really good management discipline.
Joseph L. Hooley: No. The IT and Ops transformation was really targeted at our core global asset servicing business where we do -- for the 24 trillion in assets that we service, we conduct many different transactional activities. In fact, around 18 different transactional activities is where most of the work gets done. And it was the redo, it was the change, the process change where we do the work and change the technology around those core activities that are the IT and Ops transformation project. There's a whole bunch of other places in the company where we spend money to support different business lines and staff functions, and it's really those other things that are largely targeted by this announcement we made this morning.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me just give you -- as we announced, Ed had -- has come to me and said he'd like to hang up his spikes in 2013. And as a result of that, we are going through a process looking at suitable replacement candidates, and we're in the middle of that right now, nothing really to update. Ed has assured me he would stay on through a smooth transition. So nothing really to update, other than, in subsequent quarters as we do have something to report, we'll certainly bring it forward.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me start that with the last part of the question. I'm not sure we're going to be able to be very helpful on the front part. The wins, the $649 billion, was roughly 85-15, 85 U.S., 15 non-U.S. That's source, so that would be U.S.-based customers. That's a little bit of a different mix than what we've seen. That's a little bit more tilted to the U.S. where I think we've been running more probably 50-50 non-U.S., U.S. So that's on the win side. On the...
Joseph L. Hooley: The transition management, it is a little bit narrower business, just -- you know but just for the broad audience, when an investment manager is going to replace a manager in their asset allocation mix, will make moves. They might hire somebody like State Street to execute that change. So it's a transactional-type activity. It is a little bit lumpy in that it's driven by manager rotations either in and out of asset classes or in and out of managers. We've got a, I think, a highly competitive product across the globe in transition management, so we compete quite well in that space. I think the quarter was probably the result of a little bit more market-based activity and us being successful in winning those deals. I think, generally, transition management has been, against historical rates, a little bit soft over the last several quarters as a result of maybe a lack of conviction by investment managers around market direction. As people do change and as you see broad-based moves in asset allocations or even managers transition management activity, you'd expect to see that pick up.
Joseph L. Hooley: Great. Let me just -- that was the last question, but there was a question that Robert Lee asked that I think we have an answer to, so I'll ask Ed to respond to that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. And I -- thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. I'll just remind you that we have our own investor and analyst forum which will be held on February 28 at the Mandarin Hotel in New York, and hope to see all of you then. Thank you.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, it is, Howard. It is absolutely incremental. The savings are in the range of $90 million annualized, so the payback's about 18 months on it. And, as I said, driven by, largely, the timing of the departures of the employees.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, again, it's largely driven by the -- first of all, operating leverage is paramount, right? So our thinking coming into 2013 is we're driving toward a year where we have positive operating leverage. Related to that, though, is the issue of how robust or not the market-driven revenues may or may not be in the year. So that'll largely drive the expense performance, I would say. But we're not planning on robust market-driven revenues, as I hope -- I've noted in my comments. So our expectation is that we'll be able to drive -- our plan is to drive positive operating leverage notwithstanding that, okay? Now there are puts and takes. We're -- we expect to achieve $220 million on the Ops and IT. We expect to achieve some benefit, as I said, on the reduction in force. But I'm not in a position to give you a number for the full year on expense growth overall, Howard.
Edward J. Resch: Well, there's couple of things, I think, to your question, Ken, one in terms of the way in which we're presenting the tax-advantaged investments. We think that's a more meaningful presentation so we're just presenting them similarly to how we present municipal securities, i.e., grossing them up to present them on a pretax basis, okay? So the effect there is for the year to increase the processing fee and other line by $126 million, okay, and the related impact to the tax line, so no net effect. In terms of the tax rate for the year and moving forward, we expect 2013 to be broadly similar in terms of the effective rate to 2012, okay? That is driven by an assumption of relatively the same mix and, if the market opportunities present themselves, an increase in tax-advantaged investment activity during 2013.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, if there is an incremental effect in 2013, it's because of an expected increase, again assuming the opportunities are presented to avail ourselves of more tax-advantaged investment opportunities.
Edward J. Resch: Closer but, again, assuming the low rate environment persists for the next couple of years, our estimate is that it would bottom out at around 120 of net interest margin, and that's toward the end of '14, 2014.
Edward J. Resch: Sure. The margin was benefited by a little bit lower level of expenses in the quarter, Brian. We're looking at the business as being around a 35% margin kind of business pretax. So we did a -- better by about $3 million on the expense line than we projected. We closed it October 15, everything's on track. Revenue's coming in, customers are retained. But I'd be thinking about it more in a 30%, 35% type margin context, as opposed to 45%. We got a little bit of a benefit in the quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, probably. But I mean the $120 billion is the -- as to the question of what happens to the margin if rates stay this -- at these levels and very low for a protracted period of time, i.e., through 2015, as the fed's comments would suggest. If we have a different set of -- a different sense of the market rates that we're dealing with because the world's changed, then that $120 billion would change. And you're describing a scenario where $120 billion would go to some number higher than $120 billion, in all probability.
Edward J. Resch: I can give you the runoff that we're planning on for 2013. The runoff is just about $20 billion, and that is split just about 50-50 floating and fixed. And as we see 2014, if you want to go out that far, it's $22 billion, and that's split about 10 on floating and -- I'm sorry , 12 on floating and 10 on fixed, ballpark.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, it would, and it's incorporated into my comments on the NIM expectations for this year. As we see the effects of TAG, which I noted, hitting our balance sheet, we don't expect a decline in total customer deposits. We just expect a decline in what we have called excess deposits. So the deposits that we have and retain will invest accordingly.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, it was a good quarter, Glenn, from the perspective of volumes, really, across the board. The direct business and custody FX increased slightly, a little bit over 1%. FX Connect was up over 8%, Currenex was up over 2%. So from a volume perspective, a pretty good story, really, across all execution methods.
Edward J. Resch: And the margin is clearly improved. I don't have it. We'll have it in the 10-Q segment footnote, Glenn.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, and unfortunately, I guess, Alex, the question is, again, answered in terms of how the market-driven revenues perform. And as I said, we're looking at the year cautiously from that perspective. That's part of the reason why we took the actions that we announced today to better calibrate our expense base to that market outlook. I will say, though, that overall for the year, from a planning perspective, we're coming in assuming, planning on generating positive operating leverage for the full year, okay? And that's with a conservative, muted, you could say, look, a view on the market-driven revenue. So that's the way we've done it. I'm -- I can't put a specific number on it in terms of what we think that, that $6.9 billion is going to move to, but we're incorporating all the cost of activities that we talked about, the ops, IT, the reduction of force that we announced today, in our planning.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, the employees will be leaving over the course of 2013 which is why there's not going to be a full year effect in 2013's expense numbers for those departures. That's correct.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, Vivek, we've previously said we thought 2013 would be in the range of $130 billion to $140 billion. I think that our comments this morning are consistent with that...
Edward J. Resch: Yes, no. We may have spoken and just used the middle -- midpoint of the range as a point of discussion, but our overall thinking in terms of 2013's NIM has really not changed. And in terms of the U.S. Treasury 10-year being at 1.80%, 1.90% today, in actuality, if -- even if that was the rate that persisted throughout all of 2013, the effect as we model it would be, maybe in the range of $15 million or $20 million in terms of our net interest revenue, so 1 basis point or 2 on NIM. And the reason for that is because we have $10 billion, as I mentioned earlier, $10 billion of fixed-rate assets rolling off. And our budgeted rate for the year is about 160, so you can do the math on that. The 30-basis-point differential applied to that on average of -- for half a year, would give you the $15 million or $20 million improvement. So not much of an effect, again, assuming the curve doesn't change shape, just steepens.
Edward J. Resch: Nothing significant. I mean, we went through the normal year-end process of setting incentive compensation in accordance with the company's overall performance.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, we believe it does, Andrew. I mean, I'll give you some numbers which takes you through the first 2 years of the project where, as we've noted, we've achieved about $200 million of the overall program. And again, predicating these comments on 2010, which is our base year, okay, we've gotten 200 basis points of margin which we count against what we'll call the core business, and the core has expanded 160 basis points, okay, in total. And adjusting for the onetimers, that brings the margin -- the starting margin down by 170 basis points. Those are mainly, as you recall, insurance recoveries that we got in 2010. So the core expanding at 1.6% over the first 2 years, with the accomplishment of the 200 basis points against the program considering that our market-driven revenues, specifically trading services, have been rather weak over those 2 years, we think is -- while not certainly in excess of what we expected, it's tracking in the right direction and showing positive momentum in terms of the effect of the Ops and IT program.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, that's -- I mean, we started with the margin around 28%, and we estimated 400 basis points improvement, again predicated against 2010, all else equal, which so far, relative to the trading services, it has not been. But yes, with those assumptions, we would expect 28% pretax margin to improve to around 32% pretax margin.
Edward J. Resch: I mean, I'll take a stab at it. And I don't have specific numbers for the fourth quarter, Cynthia, but I think the way that it might be helpful to think about it is that approximately 40% of our revenue is from outside the U.S. So that's one way of thinking about the servicing fee line, I think that's valid. From a pricing perspective, I think it's also valid to look at the non-U.S. business as being generally higher priced, and it's higher priced but it's also higher cost against it. So net-net, you probably have around the same pretax kind of margin for that kind of business. And again, I don't have specific numbers that I could quote you with, but that -- quote to you, but that's where we are. I think, two, if you look at State Street from an asset servicing perspective, we're probably around 50-50 in terms of equity versus fixed income, maybe a little bit more skewed to the equity markets than some of our close-end competitors. So hopefully, that's -- that gives you some guidance in terms of your question.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. There's actually one from Rob and, I think, one from Brian Bedell that, I think, got cut off on, so I just wanted to answer both of them. First, Rob asked about the revenue on alternatives business broadly. And the answer to the question is, about 15% of our servicing fee revenue on an annual basis, around $600 million annual, is the revenue associated with alternative asset servicing business. Secondly, Brian, I believe, asked how much was remaining to be installed from our wins in 2012. And the answer to that is $550 billion, including what we won in the fourth quarter. So for all of 2012, what remains spilling over into 2013 is $550 billion of assets to be installed.
