Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Mike. I just wanted to mention that since Mike just joined us, he'll not be entertaining questions on the call. But I can assure you, you'll have plenty of time to meet him in the forward weeks and months. Now Ed and I would be pleased to entertain your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me try to frame it up a little bit, Rob. The second quarter, pre-Ben Bernanke's announcement, was -- the flows were pretty good, I would say, elevated from past years. Not as good as end of year and first part of 2013, but pretty good. And then the announcement came. There was a little bit of a selloff. And I always point, even though it's not the perfect proxy, if you look at U.S. fund flow data, you saw a retrenchment both in equities and fixed income instruments. Post that, there was some moderation. Flows improved, but still negative on the fixed income side, improved to positive on the equity side. So I point that out just to say that I do believe that this year is different than the past couple of years with regard to investor confidence, but there's still some choppiness based on the interest rate environment and the signals that, largely, the market is getting from the Fed. So I would put it at, Rob, better than past years as far general flows, but still with some choppiness. And I suspect, given the mission the Fed has, that we'll continue to see some volatility in markets. I think as opposed to years past, I think there's a little bit more resilience in the market, so I wouldn't expect severe changes, but I think there could be some volatility.
Joseph L. Hooley: Rob, you're right. In the third quarter call, we will be gearing up for the next cycle of CCAR. And as you know, that begins with input from the Fed, which is a reflection of their view of the economic environment. So that plays a part in that. I think with regard to leverage ratio in particular, given the fact that it's out in 2018, I don't see that having a lot of bearing on the next cycle of CCAR. But obviously, the final Basel III rules, and if anything else comes out, would all be factored into how we approach the CCAR next year. Ed, I don't know if you would add much...
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, happy to do it. You saw the $200-ish billion in new asset servicing commitments be 2/3:1/3 U.S.:non-U.S., and I think that's been the trend the last couple of quarters. And I would say that the simple explanation for that, and nothing's ever simple, is that Europe has really slowed down. I think that, while I think it will restart and I think that decision cycles will pick up, for the last several quarters, I think, somewhat as a result of the continued disruption in Europe, the decision-making around European new business has been slow. We have a big presence in Europe. I would say in contrast to that, in addition to the U.S., Asia, with a little bit of an emphasis on Japan and Australia, for us, continue to be strong markets. I think if you look at it across product areas, I continue to call out the alternatives and, more specifically, hedge fund, where we think we have an advantaged position that the assets continue to grow, and there continues to be more outsourcing in that space.
Joseph L. Hooley: Howard, we also have some -- I would say it's hope. It seems like a reasonable thing to look for is some relief on deposits left at central banks. So that would obviously have some impact on the leverage ratio as well.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me start that one, Brian. I would say with regard to philosophy, we're always looking at the best return on capital for shareholders, and it still feels like returning capital through buying back shares and dividends is the best approach given the lack of better alternatives. So philosophically, nothing's changed. I do think that, as Ed mentioned, we feel comfortable with where we are in the calendar year through the first quarter of 2014 based on what has been approved by the board. But there's just a whole lot of open questions, from the Fed's input to CCAR to these NPRs that are rolling out. So it would be premature, I think, to -- other than to say philosophically, we're still in the same place with regard to capital deployment through share buybacks.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think the -- we're certainly -- there's no lack of confidence that we're going to get the IT and Ops program complete and realize the savings, so let me just start there. I think the pretax margin this quarter was 32% and -- 32% and change, and I think if we anchor off this quarter, you got to consider that the second quarter has seasonal revenue uplifts. So that wouldn't be a realistic point to depart from. I think if you looked at the full year margin and then looked at the incremental benefit from the IT and Ops, again, if everything else stayed the same, we would expect that to flow to the margin.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Great, Ed, happy to do that. The -- as a very integral part of the IT and Ops Transformation is a migration to a cloud environment. And if you look at where we are in the migration of IT and Ops, most of the operational-related transformation has occurred or is winding up. And where we are right now, if you look at the -- from here to the end of the program, it's largely around rewriting applications in the cloud. And the rewriting of applications makes the function more efficient, but it also results in us having more of our application set in a cloud environment. And I think today, of 200 applications, Ed, there's probably 1/3 that are ported onto the cloud already. So we've made headway. We feel good about where we're heading. The impact of the cloud, I think, is the transformational aspect of, when we say an IT and Ops Transformation, of this initiative. Because I -- when you look at this business, transaction processing technology is a huge enabler, and I think cloud computing is a real breakthrough, generally, but specifically to the transaction processing business. And I say that for a few reasons. It's less about the application rewrite and the efficiency it has on the operations. It's more around, once you move to a cloud environment, the nimbleness and speed to market to introduce new products. So I'll give you an example or 2. Recently, in the past 6 or 9 months, as new regulations came out around private equity, there was a report, this PF report that was required to be developed. In the past, that would have been a multi-month effort. On the cloud, we introduced it in 2 to 4 weeks. So there's a speed to market with new analytic and information products that is integral -- and technologies, so I hope you appreciate that. So that's going to be a big benefit. The other big benefit of moving to a cloud is, as we move to the cloud, we're cleansing our data. So there's less breaks in the data, and as a result of that, the information that's -- our client information available ultimately to them is available on a more realtime basis. And if you think about some of the great challenges that front offices have today, it's around availability of realtime data for decision support. So as we move through this cloud, I think we reposition the firm with regard to the data and the information and analytic products that we can introduce to the front office of our customers. So what hasn't gone so well, what are some of the challenges? I would say specific to the cloud, largely, the issues have been minor. When I look at the 70 or so applications that we've already rewritten on the cloud, it was all based on estimates. Some were behind schedule, some were ahead of schedule. On balance, kind of worked out. But anytime you're rewriting applications anywhere, never mind on a cloud, there's always room for slippage, and we've seen some of that. I'd say in aggregate, it's been -- the balance has worked out, and we were probably pretty conservative in our estimates, but it's a change. I would say the other thing, which is a little less cloud-oriented and more around the operational side of the IT and Operations, is probably the biggest challenge that we had was the cultural challenge of getting people to deliver operational services in a dramatically different way. And I think we've broken the back of that one. I think we have broad-based support in the organization for this being the way of the future and this being good for clients, service levels and the like. Let me pause, Ed, and see, did I capture the...
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think there were no issues with regard to liquidity in the particularly volatile gold cycle and the Gold ETF, so no issues with regard to creating liquidity. And as you know, those -- that gold fund is backed up by real bullion in vaults. I just -- since you brought up ETFs, we had the $12 billion negative flow on the Gold ETF. But I would highlight, because I think it's a good number, the $7 billion in positive flows into ETFs into a pretty diversified area of product with, I'd say, Europe as one thing I would highlight. So we continue to introduce new ETF products, higher yielding from a revenue standpoint, and the flows are pretty good. Obviously, gold is an offset to that, for the obvious reasons.
Joseph L. Hooley: Happy to do that, Gerard. I would say -- I suspect your question is largely targeted at the custody segment.
Joseph L. Hooley: In which case, very quiet. It's quiet in Europe, it's quiet in the U.S. I think, maybe not surprising that the custody banks, given the asset-based activity, have performed pretty well. So that's maybe some reason why you don't see much consolidation. So I'd say quiet on the front of prospect for acquisition. And I would say from a regulatory standpoint, hard to say. I think that most people are trying to get through this period of new set of rules around capital to determine what that looks like and how regulators would view consolidation, particularly in some of the bigger players, although nothing known at this point.
Edward J. Resch: I agree. I think it's actually too early to tell what the criteria will be for the next CCAR, and we'll have to see how the rules play out and what other NPRs are issued.
Edward J. Resch: Again, Howard, it goes back to the "all else equal" type of analysis. I mean, we're confident we're going to get the rest of the year's target, which is approximately $100 million, for the Ops and IT program. It depends on how the revenue landscape looks in the second half of the year, but I would expect that we'll show improvement relative to Ops and IT, all else equal.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, the early view is that we don't think these actions would change how we do business. Obviously, they're in the process of being fully, fully vetted, but some of the thoughts that we're looking at are repricing potential commitments, which are drawing leverage requirements; obviously, scrubbing the balance sheet with a closer eye toward leverage and jettisoning low-return assets that our consumers have leveraged; possibly moving some activities that we can out of the bank, and given that we have a, obviously, a positive position at the holding company and a slight shortfall at the bank; and then lastly, some of things we're thinking about are optimizing our capital structure with an eye toward the leverage calculation, specifically. So no conclusions yet. We're obviously trying to evaluate them in light of leverage as well as whatever else is in front of us from a capital or leverage or other perspective as these NPRs unfold in the succeeding months.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. Let's just recap in terms of the Basel III Tier 1 common 10% target, okay? We said that 3 things had to happen: normalized rate environment, which we define to be 3% Fed Funds and 5% 10-year, so we're a ways away from that; we need to get the Ops and IT savings, which -- midpoint, $600 million, which we're on track to get; and then we needed to be able to manage our capital down to 10%. Now we said that, and that was predicated on our assuming that we'd be an advanced approach bank. That was the case, we felt, in the NPR, where the buffers did not apply. Now that we have the final rule clarification -- actually, we believe, a change that the buffers do now apply -- we have to go about it a different way and look at both standardized and advanced in order to calculate capital. And there's a chance we could be moving back and forth quarter-to-quarter, if you will, depending on how things sort out. So it's very early, it's very preliminary to be thinking about the 10% level, the 10% Basel III Tier 1 common target, given all the uncertainty out there. Our thinking right now is to keep it at that level. We need to evaluate the pending NPRs and whatever else is issued. And we're looking at optimizing around both the advanced approach, which is the one we've done a lot of work on, as well as the standardized approach. So we're looking at various balance sheet strategies. We're looking at low-risk, low-return businesses where we have certain securities lending relationships, for example, that drive a penalty under the standardized approach. And we need to optimize around both of those criteria. So once we do that, we'll be able to update. And this is, I think, probably a ways out into the future, given what's in front of us from the standpoint of NPRs. We'll be able to update where we think the 10% target goes and then how that translates into, ultimately, the buyback target. I mean, we're confident that the buyback, as we said in our comments, will be maintained through 2014. We'll -- our expectation is to execute on that plan. Obviously, things could change, but we don't anticipate anything changing. And lastly, I would point out that relative to everything that we just talked about, Basel III leverage and some other things, there's a long runway to go here, okay? So there's still a lot of time to pass, a lot of comments to be made, possibly some revisions, and we're looking at starting all of that from one of the highest Basel III positions in the industry
Edward J. Resch: Yes, absolutely. HTM -- and we have some securities in HTM now. We've developed a strategy around the advanced approach. As I said, we did a lot of work -- we've done a lot of work on the advanced approach so far. HTM is absolutely one of the levers we could pull. Additionally, we've looked at ways in which for us to get the same economic exposure in a nonsecurity form, i.e. something that is not mark-to-market, on our balance sheet, but one that has the same or approximately the same return. So if we could move exposures from securitized form into, let's say, some type of a loan form or secured lending form, that's something that we're also looking at doing in order to manage under the AMA.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, too early to give you guidance on 2014, Ken, as I hope you appreciate. But as we've said in the past, the -- if rates stay lower longer, we'll be driving to a lower net interest margin in 2014 than we're projecting for 2013 just as the last portion of the portfolio that's fixed-rate cycles through into the lower rate environment. So I think that, that's about the best I can say at this point as we roll through the remainder of the fixed-rate portfolio through the rest of this year and into 2014.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. Our thinking in terms of the prepayments is along the following lines, and it's one of the main reasons why we've offered a little bit of commentary on potentially slowing down. I mean, we've seen slower prepayments in the latter portion of the second quarter. We had the pipeline of prepayments that came through earlier in the quarter that really were at the higher rate. But in June, we saw, just to put a number on it for you, Brian, a 27 CPR, okay? And that's actually been fairly steady between 26 and 31 since August of last year so almost, for a full year. Now we expect that to slow to 18% and 19% in July and August. And that's part of the reason, again, why we're being cautious as we move through the rest of the year, and it drives the expectation of a slightly lower NIM below the 130 basis point level.
Edward J. Resch: There's nothing unusual, Brian. I mean, we accrue on the basis of our expected achievement for the year. And we'll adjust it as needed, whenever that is. I mean, we have not made any significant adjustments one way or the other in the second quarter to our comp expense.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, Alex, the -- that's something we look at regularly. The question of how transient versus more stable various deposits are is something that the treasury group looks at. I mean, in point of fact, our elevated deposit level on average this quarter increased from the first quarter by about $3 billion, up to $22 billion. But also, cutting the other way, on June 30, we actually had $24 billion come in, and it went out on July 2. So we're very cautious. We've taken a view that some of the deposits that we previously thought may be excess have stuck around a little bit longer, so we've put them to work very carefully at the short end in floating rate securities in the portfolio. But if there's a question as to whether or not something is more core or more transient, we opt for the conservative answer and put it at the -- at a central bank.
Edward J. Resch: No. I mean, the way -- that's not at hand, Alex. I mean, the way that the numbers are presented is by location where the assets are serviced. So you could have different assets serviced in different locations that may not necessarily be "emerging market assets", so there isn't something that we can point you to, to answer that question.
Edward J. Resch: You want me to try to take that, Mike? Because I've looked at this many, many different ways. And one way to look at it is that through June 30 of this year, we're halfway through the program, okay? So using round numbers, we're at about $300 million of savings, okay? We got $200 million through 2012 and got $105 million for the first half of this year. The margin, as I calculated, is up about 190 basis points. So we have a year-to-date margin this year of 29.4%, and I compare that to the starting point, which is the 27.5% number. That's the adjusted for the securities gains and onetime items in 2012 -- 2010, excuse me. So we said all else equal, right? So we have a 190 basis point expansion in margin halfway through the program. We still have halfway to go. That's another $300 million. Our estimate is that, that should drive about 200 basis points of margin expansion, bringing the midyear margin for 2013 up to 31.5%, which is right on what we said, a 400 basis point margin improvement over the life of the program, okay? That's how we're thinking about it. You can say that we're being conservative. I mean, we're confident we're going to get the Ops and IT savings, but we have said, all else equal to 2010, which you may take as conservatism, but the fact is that the revenue mix matters a lot to the margin achievement, ultimately.
Edward J. Resch: Well, again, it depends on how the rules ultimately sort out. And it goes back to the optimization points I was trying to draw out earlier. I mean, clearly, if the rules are adopted as proposed, we'd need to do -- we'd need to take some actions over the next 4 years or so, 5 years, to drive to compliance at the bank level on the leverage ratio. And those actions may change our thinking in terms of certain ROE targets at certain business unit levels, for example. But way too early to conclude anything at this point.
Edward J. Resch: Sure. The disclosure that you're referring to is the usual disclosure in our SEC filings, up or down shock ramp disclosure. And that's assuming a static balance sheet. It assumes the balance sheet as of the statement date does not move and the rate shock is applied, okay? So the results you see are just assuming no customer deposit behavior changes, no changes on our part relative to the investment portfolio, et cetera. When I talk about what we think is going to happen if, in fact, the Fed starts raising short-term rates and there's a 25 basis point per quarter ramp and we say that our assets lag in terms of reinvestment or liability repricing, that's a giving effect to an assumption, on our part, of changed behavior relative to client deposits and/or the investment portfolio.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. We said that we were -- we achieved $9 million in the first quarter, Andrew. We achieved another $7 million this quarter, so that's obviously $16 million through the first half of the year. If you annualize that $16 million, we're at $64 million on an annualized basis. So we're about 70% of the way through against the $90 million target.
Edward J. Resch: Well, again, we're dealing with rumors, and there's nothing that's been official that's been published out there. Rumors, discussions, et cetera. But the way that we're thinking about it is that if, in fact, the rule for bail-in debt gets finalized around a risk-weighted asset function and not a GAAP asset function and that the percentage applied against our Basel III risk-weighted assets is in the 15% to 18% type range, that the -- our expectation, assuming that senior debt is counted in the sources of capital, is that we'd have a modest amount to raise, a couple of billion dollars, possibly, Andrew.
Edward J. Resch: It halves the size of the shortfall, approximately. So there'd still be a gap to close, but if in fact we could get that carved out, that would be very beneficial to achieving the ratio.
Edward J. Resch: I can point out a couple of areas that got hit harder. Again, this is at June 30. I mean, in terms of the attribution, the government agency component of the portfolio is -- it got hit. Our student loan element of the portfolio moved down. It was in an unrealized loss position at March, it moved further down. And the remaining subprime that we have, which is $1.4 billion in total, moved down -- continued at an unrealized loss, is a better way to say it, in the second quarter, Gerard.
Michael Mayo: You're at your pretax margin target in the quarter but with about $200 million IT Transformation savings to come, and that would imply it be 200 basis points better. So why no change to the pretax margin target? I guess its either there's -- you're being conservative; or you're unsure about the IT progress, you just want to wait; or there's some reason it's not hitting the bottom line.
Michael Mayo: All right. Are you -- would you consider raising the target, if you were more confident? And -- because you just run through the numbers, you can take first half of year numbers and give you guys the rest of the benefit, you're kind of there.
Michael Mayo: Let me try one more time. I have the firm's technology analyst on the line with me, Ed Maguire. If he can just follow up on my behalf. Go ahead, Ed.
