Jay Hooley: Thanks Mike. And Stephanie, we're now -- Mike and I are now available to open the call for questions.
Jay Hooley: Yes. Let me start that Ken and Mike will pick it up. As far as core services I’d start with the custody service fee base, which was up nicely year-over-year, up a little bit quarter-to-quarter. A reflection in order to priority the markets and we continue to see stronger business growth. We posted $2 billion of new committed business this quarter; there is 250 still to install. So we’ve had a couple of nice quarters of good momentum in the marketplace. Let me just bridge into foreign exchange, which was another positive performer in the quarter. So, a few things, the volumes and volatility were helper in the third quarter. And I would say, volumes consistently, volatility really moving from front to back of quarter improved September in particular given the things that I noted. I’d also broaden it out to say that foreign exchange is a pretty wide variety of service capabilities which we provide both to our custody customers, as well as our non-custody customers. And we continue to see good momentum in I would say generally the electronic trading part of foreign exchange, FX Connect and more recently 3FX, which is the hourly priced against an index. And even more recently in September, we introduced a new FX vehicle called TruCross, which is designed to allow those who don't want to trade against the WM fix to -- basically it's a trading platform buy side to buy side. So, I would say, market environment was good particularly towards the end of the quarter and generally volumes were pretty consistent across all platforms. Mike, I don't know you want to add.
Jay Hooley: Let me start that again Luke. If I take it up and broaden it, the participation securities lending from a customer standpoint has been stable to maybe slightly up. So, we’ve come through a long cycle over the past six years of people leaving the program then rejoining the program. And that’s been pretty stable if not say anything it’s a plus some adds. If you look at the -- now the other thing you’d look at would be unknown balances which have been over the past couple of quarters running at about $350 billion plus or minus. Within that the loan growth has been good and the attractiveness of spread is particularly driven by merger and acquisition activity driving specials. Again has been a positive in the last couple of quarters. You asked about structural changes, the one that comes to my -- most to me is this decrease in leverage that the banks are going through. And as a result, we’ve seen the prime brokers be a little bit more selective about lending, which has really opened the window for that enhanced custody business that we frequently talk about. So, I would say if you look at sustainability, durability of trends that are going on, you can make your own judgment about whether the M&A activity will continue to be robust. But other than that, I think I would say it looks pretty durable from the standpoint of trend.
Jay Hooley: Yes. Again, I would characterize this as we’re in full compliance of the 80% now, but the -- I do think at the end of the day our regulators would expect overtime for us to have a significant buffer relative to the 80% and I would expect to meet that buffer at 1150.
Jay Hooley: Betsy, this is Jay. First off, 45 days ago we informed customers of our intent. I think to me the question will be, is this charge enough to cause people to deal with their excess deposits in a different way. We would expect that there will be some for those deposits and that’s probably a positive thing overall for us. But I don’t think it would cause customers to change investment strategies or anything that would relate to those excess deposits, I think it’s just a matter of -- is the charge enough of a deterrent to keep deposits with us and therefore would they could they in some form move some of those deposits away from our balance sheet. But I think that’s the extent of the impact.
Jay Hooley: We have not seen any behavioral change. And while we think about the intent, we won't start charging until later on in the quarter.
Jay Hooley: Sure. And Betsy, this is something that we're looking at. At this point, I wouldn't commit to a specific timing. But I would say just to give up a high level answer, I would certainly expect within the next 12 months that we would look for a potential window to go ahead and get a $500 million, but it will depend upon market conditions, it will depend upon our outlook. So, I'd say a number of different factors to think about.
Jay Hooley: Sure. I can’t track all the numbers that you have Mike without doing a little math on my own but I would say generally we focus, we’re most concerned about market share in the most attractive markets that as we view them. So, if you look at I would say, starting out broadly asset servicing -- not asset servicing, but asset management versus asset owners, so investment management versus pension funds, by our math, we have held if not gained market share over long periods of time in the asset servicing for asset managers; pension funds probably a little bit more stable. So that would be my first cut at it. But then I would probably go a little deeper Mike, and if you look at some other faster growing streams in the world, I’d start with the alternatives, hedge, private equity, real-estate, 10 years ago we were nowhere that was in the market, today we’re the market leader by quite a bit and I think are positioned to continue to grow and gain share. I’d look at another fast stream; I’m in the U.S. right now, primarily ETF market which is close to $2 trillion now. We have a pretty significant share of the ETF servicing marketplace, so again fast growing market where we have established early position and have grown disproportionately with the market. And then, I guess the third place I would go is the derivative of the asset management market, if you look at the European market where we have a deep presence. Our market share leadership in both the Irish and Luxembourg offshore markets is pretty commanding and I would say continuing to grow. So, I look at the question and I break it down as I always do to say, as you look you in your crystal ball, which of the geographies, which is the markets, and which are the products that we think have a higher growth trajectories and making sure. I think we've done a pretty good job and getting in front of those growth markets that have turned out to be pretty attractive. So, that's one cut at it.
Jay Hooley: I would say it never gets easier. But I think it's I would say largely unchanged. I would say and it depends a lot by market. In the U.S., there are two or three different verticals, you have mostly U.S. competitors, we all have strength and weaknesses. If you go to Europe, you'll introduce a few additional competitors. I would say Mike that over the years following the financial crisis and particularly last couple of years, pricing has seemed a little bit more stable to me; there can be a situation where somebody will throw in irresponsible place. But I would say most of us in the servicing side of the business are being a little bit more careful about and thoughtful I should say about how we price these opportunities. I’d also say what's helped that and I know we’ve done some of this, but we're not alone is particularly when you have an intermediary in the sales process, a consultant in particular. We’ve been really to walk away from deals that didn’t make economic sense; I’ve seen others do that as well. And I think over time that can create a little bit of a firming up or bottoming of the pricing.
Jay Hooley: Yes. I would say, picking up on my prepared remarks, Brian, there was a little bit of risk-on at the beginning of the quarter and became risk-off at the end of the quarter somewhat offset by the volatility in foreign exchange or currency markets.
Jay Hooley: I would say, Geoff, this is Jay. It was slightly tilted towards the back end of the quarter, followed the volatility change throughout the quarter that I mentioned; volumes were pretty steady throughout.
Jay Hooley: Stephanie, I want to thank you and thank everybody else for joining us today on the call. And we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Mike Bell: Yes. Ken, just add a couple of other facts just to support your quarter-over-quarter analysis. So relative to second quarter, the stronger U.S. dollar depressed our service fees by $10 million. So, if you’ve done it on a constant currency basis rather than 1.302, it would be 1.312, if you used constant currency. In addition, the transaction revenue was down $4 million sequentially. Obviously we've got a little bit of help from market, so there were pretty sideways if you include Europe. So, as you can see, the underlying net new business revenue was very helpful in the core GS business here in Q3. As it relates to management fees, as I said in my prepared remarks, the main benefit that we got there relative to second quarter is a combination of positive net new business as well as our performance fees; there the FX impact was negative two from a sequential standpoint. And in grand total for our revenue, so inclusive of $12 million I just talked about, FX hurt revenue by approximately $21 million relative to Q2 and had a little bit less from that impact on the expenses Q2 to Q3.
Mike Bell: Sure, absolutely Ken. So this mainly relates Ken to the timing of our regulatory compliance spending, so it’s mainly outside consultants. And so basically where we expected to spend on outside consultancy in Q3, we expect that now still to be spent, but delayed into Q4. And I would range that in the call it $10 million to $15 million kind of range. Now I’d emphasize the operating expenses category as I talked about in the past, could be pretty lumpy, because we can add some, for example some legal costs in there and even the outside consulting spend tends to be pretty lumpy. But that was what I was referencing.
Mike Bell: No, we do expect it to be distinctly higher, so the guidance that I had given at Q2 where we thought that Q3 would be 20 million higher than Q2 and Q4 would be 20 million higher than Q2, in aggregate there really has not been a change in our expense view other than number one with the stronger U.S. dollar, we got $16 million benefit in expenses in Q3. Obviously the Q4 benefit, if U.S. dollar continues to be strong will be what it’ll be relative to Q2, but the currency helped the expense of $16 million in Q3. And then as I said, the timing between the two quarters will reflect the delay in the spending that I just mentioned.
Mike Bell: Sure. Good morning Ashley. Regarding LCR, as we’ve talked about previously, we do expect to fully be in compliance by year-end with the Fed's expectations. And we estimate that if we calculated that LCR as of September 30th, we would be in excess of the 80%. Now, I would tell you that following up on a question you asked me last quarter Ashley, the final Fed expectations regarding the actual calculation of operational deposits is not entirely clear. It's sort of slowly getting clear but not entirely clear. And that’s as a result, following up on the question you asked me last quarter, at some point, we need to firm up the overall impact on our NIR. I would expect it to be modestly higher impact than what we had communicated previously but we’ll have some more information on that in 2015. And as it relates to the preps, first of all, no change in that for the risk based capital ratios; we would ultimately want to get to 1.5% at a minimum of our overall capital structure being prep. So that would equate to approximately $1.8 billion. So that means we need another $500 million at some point relative to the balance of preps that we have currently. So just looking at the risk based ratios, no change in our expectations. The wildcard continues to be, Ashley, around compliance with the supplementary leverage ratio. And since at this point, it still looks like the supplementary leverage ratio will likely be our binding constraint. I would say it is likely we will go beyond the $1.8 billion that I just referenced and ultimately issue more press than that. Again at this point, I wouldn’t give an updated number or an update on timing, but that continues to be our thinking.
Mike Bell: Sure. Well, as you can imagine, it’s a little early to talk about 2015 because there are so many different moving parts going on there. Obviously, if we got to a flatter yield curve by an increase in short-term interest rates, we would view that as a very positive thing, particularly given that we’ve got about half of our portfolio is invested in floating rate securities. So, an increase in short-term rates will be very helpful. I would also reiterate that we will particularly benefit from the first call it 50 basis point increase in -- the first 25 basis point of increase in short-term rates would likely accrue very heavily to our benefit, but even the second 25 basis point increase would also help us. So, if we get to a flat yield curve by raising the short-term rates that would be a very good thing. As it relates to Q4, we’ve got some obvious headwinds. We’ve got first of all, Q4 you don’t want to back out the $5 million benefit we got in Q3 from the prepayment on that corporate bond, so I would do that right off the top. But then we’ve got three other items that are driving down our expectations for NIR in fourth quarter. They are; number one, Europe, as you just mentioned, the market interest rates in Europe have dropped between 20 and 25 basis points at the short-end over the last five months. The [ECB] has obviously cut the rate from zero now to minus 20 in that same period. So, as Jay talked about, we're working to pass along that cost to our clients. So, but that will still be a headwind for Q4. In addition, we have now higher level of HQLA that's going to be a drag because we're obviously not doing any spread on the HQLA. And then third is just a normal grind as the portfolio matures and rolls off. So, as a result of all those things, we expect Q4 to be lower than Q3 from an NIR perspective. I think it's too early to try to speculate on 2015.
Mike Bell: Yes that's fair, Glenn. I mean that probably puts more precision on it than it is warranted because again some of those other operating expenses are pretty lumpy. But directionally you are thinking about it just fine.
Mike Bell: Yes. Unfortunately Glenn, I mean there are a lot of moving parts to answer your question. You're certainly right that I would expect CCAR specific cost particularly outside consulting expenses to decline in Q1 of ‘15. But unfortunately, CCAR is just part of a wide horizon of regulatory expectation. So, I think it’s a little early to speculate on Q1 2015 or even full year 2015 regulatory compliance costs; we’re in the midst of the budget process as we speak. Again, a lot of moving parts, just to sort of give you a flavor for it, first of all I said before, we’re seeing regulatory expenses, excuse me, regulatory expectations be higher in a number of different areas, not just CCAR. So that’s putting some upward pressure on expenses. On the other hand, we do expect over the course of 2015 to be able to reduce our reliance on outside consulting expenses and ultimately replace that more with full time employees. So we expect to get some cost arbitrage there. So again, a little early to try to conclude on 2015 at this point.
Mike Bell: Glenn, obviously we've had less than 24 hours to fully digest it and to run it through our models and such. But I would characterize it as modestly worse than last years, but again with the caveat that I am sure there will be some other devils in the details. But particularly the fact that the equity market decline would be higher than last year would be a particular area given our concentration in terms of our clients on equity assets.
Mike Bell: Sure. So, Alex, first from a P&L standpoint, I would characterize this as being relatively neutral to the FX changes because roughly speaking, it’s not perfectly accurate, but roughly speaking, our revenue in different currencies tends to match our expense structure in different currencies. So, I would characterize this as roughly neutral out there. As it relates to the impact on our capital levels, we’re modestly exposed, I wouldn’t characterize it as material, but we’re modestly exposed to the fact that we’ve got some capital in non-U.S. currencies. And therefore -- and that’s really weighted a little more heavily than for example the risk weighted assets in those same currencies. So as an example, what we saw at the end of third quarter was when the euro weakened so much relative to the U.S. dollar, we saw an impact on the September 30th currency translation and therefore that negatively impacted our capital ratios at Q3. Once again, I don’t view that as a long-term threat, but I do view it as a source of fluctuation that can go either way quarter-to-quarter.
Mike Bell: Yes. Alex the only thing I would add that Jay is exactly right. The only thing I would add is that I do expect that prices will likely increase in that market particularly for those clients where we can't reach netting agreements with them. And I don't think that would be just us, I think that will be a phenomenon across the marketplace. So, our orally read is exactly what Jay said. We do expect this to be attractive business for us from the capital return standpoint overtime particularly with the [NIM].
Mike Bell: Yes, Luke. It's Mike. The only thing that I would add is just thinking about it from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, first of all with the bad news and then with the good news. On the bad news side, Q1 was pretty difficult, spreads were tight. But as Jay said, we saw with the dividend arm season spreads and volumes pick up in Q2; in Q3 the volumes and spreads were attractive for example relative to a year ago. And again we attribute that primarily to higher M&A volume, higher IPO volume, and again whether it's durable into the future is a little bit of a crystal ball question but we're certainly happy with the trends we've seen over the last six months.
Mike Bell: Yes, Luke. First of all, just to be clear, we're not announcing settlement on these cases but these are basically situations where we are putting up reserves based upon additional information that we have. And I would not try to speculate what percentage of the overall pie this is going to relate to in terms of the indirect FX business; I think it’s way too early to try to size that.
Mike Bell: Yes. Luke, it’s likely to differ by client and differ by country, so different by a jurisdiction but I would expect at this point speculating that the vast bulk of that would show up as positive fees. But once again, more to come there.
Mike Bell: Yes Brennan, it’s Mike. First of all, we expect -- we estimate that the underlying growing in our core business was about call it $2 billion to 3 billion of the growth in our overall deposits. And the remainder of the growth in the balance sheet was a combination of growth in excess deposits as well as some issuance of wholesale CDs which were an important part of our plan to comply with the LCR.
Mike Bell: Sure Brennan. So, those are the two main pieces. The growth in the balance sheet was approximately two-thirds of the 40 basis-point decline in the SLR and the other third when you’re referencing AOCI, that's mainly the currency translation adjustment that I mentioned earlier, what we saw a drop in the euro rate pretty significantly at September 30th. Again from foreign currency translation standpoint, that's calculated on a spot basis based on currency rates as of September 30. So, it had a -- the drop in the euro had a disproportionate negative impact on the value of our euro capital as it gets converted to U.S. dollars and that was about a third of the 40 basis-point decline.
Mike Bell: Betsy, let me just repeat what I said earlier. We do expect to be comfortably well above the 80% at 1/1/15. We do estimate that we'd be above the 80% as of now. But we would expect to have a very comfortable margin relative to the 80% at 1/1/15.
Mike Bell: Okay. So Brian, it's Mike. First of all, on your question on excess deposits, we estimate that our excess deposits at the end of -- I’m sorry not at the end of third quarter, during the average of third quarter was approximately $48 billion. And so we expect that in third quarter, we were earning a NIM on those assets, call it in the high-teens, down what we’ve given in the past an estimated NIM on excess deposits of 20 basis points. The fact that the rates dropped in euro, the short-term interest rates dropped in euro, call it 20 to 25 basis points over the last five months mean that would push the overall NIM down to the teen’s level. I would expect that there is at least the potential for the excess deposits to decline in Q4 if in fact the [rural] excess deposits that we’re getting in negative rate would go somewhere else, but that's speculated I probably speculated that all year and that long as excess deposits continue to grow. So I don't know how much confidence that gives you in that estimate.
Mike Bell: I think I'm not sure that's actually the case because we're likely to pick up a partial quarter for the most part, and maybe modestly higher fee revenue as a result of charging for deposit. So, I don't think that's going to help the NIR per se. We're earning negative interest rates on the asset side of those excess deposits. And again I think the negative rate credit decline will show up likely in all likelihood of fees not improves NIR.
Mike Bell: So Brian on your first piece again, I do think that negative credited rates on deposits in Europe would likely show up in the service fees. I mean we’re talking a few million dollars I mean this is not a big ticket item. So, I don’t think it’s going to hugely move the needle relative to the other factors. And I’m just going back to the earlier question, I wouldn’t say that for the most part the improvement that we got Q2 to Q3 in global services revenues X the impact of currency and X the impact of transaction it was mainly net new business volumes. Jay wants to comment on the risk-on risk-off question.
Mike Bell: Yes. Vivek, there is not a reversal of an accrual in terms of incentive comp. What happens is that the way we accrue incentive comp it tends to accrue based upon our overall level of earnings I mean there are some adjustments that go into it plus and minus. But as a result of again those factors, the accrual was slightly lower. That was not a material impact in the quarter itself.
Mike Bell: So, first of all, you are right in terms of your description. We did have a major security sale in the quarter and basically reinvested the proceeds in U.S. treasuries that's all part of being LCR compliance. In terms of how much more we need to do, as I mentioned in an answer to an earlier question, the overall regulatory expectations regarding the calculation of operational deposits under the LCR requirements is still not entirely clear. So, I’d rather not try to be pin down to a number, when it's a moving target at this point.
Mike Bell: Yes, Geoff, it's Mike. I'd assume a number of different factors and some of it actually relates to the underlying expectations of the calculation itself as opposed to change in the rules. But as an example, we have what we view to be operational deposits from both hedge fund clients as well as private equity clients that are explicitly excluded from the regulatory definition of operational deposits. I mean we view that as unfortunate, but those are the rules. So that would be an example of something that will push up our need to hold more HQLA that we previously thought.
Mike Bell: Geoff, it’s Mike. I would just add the volumes have really been strong, as Jay indicated. So again, we view that as a very positive thing and also a positive sign that the investments that we’ve made in our direct FX capabilities over the last several years are really paying good dividends.
Mike Bell: Sure Jim, it’s Mike. First, what you're describing is rational and that is part of the overall calculus in terms of the prep issuance as I was mentioning to Betsy; there are a number of different things to think about. One of those of course is what will happen to excess deposits, particularly when rates rise. The other piece though that you didn't mention and I feel compelled to mention is remember that by the time we get to 2018 and the SLR is fully in effect, we will have lost all of the interim credit on the intangibles. And so we estimate that that's worth about 40 basis points. So on a pro forma the 5.4 down to 5.0 for the loss of that credit on the tangibles. And then as you said, you could considerably boost it by a 100 basis points if you assumed all the excess deposits found in different home. We probably still want to have some kind of buffer off the six. So I wouldn't characterize preps as being our only lever but that would be a scenario where we might meet all the items that you mentioned and still end up with additional preps.
Mike Bell: Jim, again, as you can imagine, it's early since we don't have any final rules to evaluate. I think it would be a little bit early to say anything definitively. I think based upon our interpretation of the preliminary guidance, it would require some additional HQLA, but I think the devil will be in the details of the final rules and I wouldn't try to speculate and try to put a number on it at this point.
Mike Bell: Sure. Adam, it’s Mike. Again, there are number of different factors that will impact the Q4 revenue. Obviously as we talked about earlier, we were pleased with the Q3 results in particularly the strength in our core servicing and management fees and then the additional benefit that we got from the strong direct FX trading results and also the securities lending business both enhanced custody and the agency businesses, obviously we’re pleased with all of that. Exactly what conditions are going to be in Q4 in all of those areas; it’s too early to tell. Having said that, we’re at 5% year-over-year revenue growth through nine months, I certainly expect that we’ll [barrowing] that catastrophe meet the 3% to 5% overall revenue target. But you’re absolutely right; the expenses have been a headwind for 2014 mainly the regulatory compliance costs are the main item that we had not anticipated at the beginning of the year when we were laying out our budget targets and expectations for full year. I think we’ve actually done a pretty good job in Q3 offsetting the impact of the higher regulatory expenses by finding other savings in other areas and opportunities to redeploy staff as opposed to having it all be incremental. But I certainly would not argue with your point that expenses have been a risk factor throughout the year relative to where we started the year.
Mike Bell: Sure Gerard. Well first of all, I think it's important to understand that there has been no change at our philosophy or overall approach to interest rate risk in this quarter. You are right that the duration of the portfolio increased modestly. But importantly, please realize as well that our central bank deposits increased significantly in the quarter as well. So, we ended up on average for the quarter with central bank deposits of $53 billion. So, when I think about the duration of the asset side of our balance sheet, I look at it as a combination of the investment portfolio with as you said, the duration of a shade over two and the central bank deposits, which have a duration obviously of zero. And as part of the LCR compliance, we've had increase our HQLA revenues significantly. We've done that through an increase in central bank deposits, but also an increase in U.S. treasuries. Weighted together, I don't view it as a material change relative to Q2 or Q3. And certainly there has not been a change in philosophy.
Mike Bell: Yes. Gerard, I think that’s a difficult one, because it will depend upon a number of different factors, not the least of which is whether the excess deposits that we have the $40 billion of excess deposits that we had in Q3 stick around or not. We do put some sensitivities out in the 10-Q. Again those based on static client behavior. And again our own thinking Gerard is that if we did see, certainly if we saw 100 basis-point increase in short-term rates, we believe that the vast bulk if not all of the $48 billion would likely find the home somewhere else. So I think it’d be difficult to try to quantify that. I think the way -- I’d say how I think about it, I think about it as if we get a 25 basis-point increase in rates, particularly short-term rates, I think we will get a benefit on the asset side of the equation, particularly the half of the portfolio that is affording rate portfolio, we’d expect this would get the bulk of the 25 basis-point benefit on that half. On the half that’s fixed investment rate will get that over time as the portfolio rolls over. And with rates of essentially forward in so many jurisdictions, we wouldn’t expect much move in the liability side. And then as we’ve talked about the second 25 basis points, it’s a little more shared between us in our clients and then it’s different beyond that. But overall, I would characterize this as a net item, but not one that I would try to quantify at this point beyond what we put out in the Q.
