Ron O’Hanley: Thanks, Alex. It's a big question there. Firstly, let me start with your premise in that I don't think it's in either or as we've I think talked about from the beginning, we strongly believe in the need for a front-to-back solution. It's what our clients are demanding as they're trying to deal with the complexity that's built up in their operations and their own cost. They are looking for simplification, which really does drive some kind of a pre-trade to reporting type of solution, recognizing that we're the largest asset servicer for asset managers, and the fact that different clients will want different things and their selling points are different, we've been committed to both a front-to-back platform that as you said if desired by clients could be exclusively State Street products, but at the same time an interoperable and open architecture functioning of that platform driven by data. So, we remain committed to interoperability but ultimately believe that over time what clients will need is something that truly is front-to-back. That it starts, for example, with a single security master file that you're not having to do all sorts of reconciliations along the way. And certainly there are offerings in place that start to get at that, but we do believe that over time that kind of a front-to-back is what will solve clients' issues. Secondly, we are also thinking about this from our own perspective and our own strategic perspective in terms of as we think about where growth will come from and where revenue growth will come from. There's the existing pool of back and middle-office revenues and there's at least as large a pool if not larger of front-office revenues that become available to us to the extent, to which we connect -- we implement this front-to-back solution. And by that, I'm not just talking about order management or risk analytics or those kinds of things but by having this seamless platform, it makes it much easier for example to trade FX, right. To decide what you're going to do in terms of securities lending. So it has benefits for lots of the high margins ancillary revenue offerings that we have. So we step back from it. We're committed to both and the reason why we're committed to both is that the real competition here is not Charles River versus Aladdin or Bloomberg versus Charles River, it's really what most institutions have in place is this plethora of Excel spreadsheets propriety kinds of things a multiplicity of risk analytic tools and it's simplifying that in moving to something that's a more integrated platform.
Ron O’Hanley: Ken, this is Ron. Let me talk about that. I would say that there’s been some improvement in client activity and flows since the fourth quarter, but its way below recent trend. And I think for somewhat obvious reasons, if you think about the amount of uncertainty out there, if you think about Brexit and also if you think about higher interest rates and there being a real alternative. So we did see some improvement in activity, but I think investor confidence remains low and therefore the activity remains muted relative to trend.
Ron O’Hanley: Glenn, why don’t I pick up your second question there. As you know State Street’s historic focus and it’s served it well has been on the largest, most sophisticated typically asset managers. And that strategy has served us well. It’s given us capabilities and enabled -- given us capabilities that many don’t have and has enabled us to serve these clients well. What we’re saying is, is that demands for some of those kinds of capabilities that we’ve developed are starting to trickle down into these mainstream asset owner and insurance companies, although let me take them separately. Asset owners, it’s very hard now to find a pension fund that isn’t in some way also an asset manager. Historically, they used to be asset allocators, their needs were simple and the revenue opportunities were relatively modest for them. That’s changing. Some of them are insourcing, sometimes they’re insourcing at the beta end, sometimes are actually insourcing at the very high-end in terms of what they’re doing in privates. So as that sophistication is going up that lends itself to what we do. And we’re taking that offering that we have for the high-end asset manager and tailoring it for those asset owners. Insurance companies are a little bit different. Historically, they have truly bought in an unbundled way, so they’ve separated custody accounting. For example, we are -- we have the number one market share in insurance company accounting, but we’re nowhere near number one in terms of insurance company custody. Again, driven by the need for simplification of their own operations, you’re seeing these things starting to coalesce, so we’re trying to leverage that position we have in accounting to move it into custody and to other services. At the same time, these insurance companies in their quest for yield are becoming more sophisticated in terms of what they’re investing in. So the growth in private credit has given them -- or has created a need for new kinds of custody and accounting for these more elaborate instruments. We’re the number two player in private credit administration and we’re able to leverage that position with these insurance companies.
Ron O’Hanley: Mike, why don’t I start there? The -- it’s I’ll get to your last point first. In terms of the pricing committee, it’s not that this work wasn’t being done, but it’s being done in a much more intentional way in terms of weighing not just what the fee rate is, but how it gets implemented, to what extent is they’re offsetting new revenues we can gather from the client sometimes consolidation. We’re also very focused on timing, because oftentimes we find ourselves in a spot where the price cuts if you will were occurring well in advance of when new business was coming over. So you’ll start to see the impact of that immediately and sometimes the impact is what we avoided. It’s the dog that didn’t bite, but it’s very important in terms of how we manage the current income statement. In terms of the other, when are we going to see fee growth is I hope you can tell it’s something that we are laser focused on. And there’s a lot of work underway, but these things take time. I would say that the -- with the client executives two-thirds of them are in place, but about half of those new client executives are actually from inside State Street, so they have a little bit of a leg up in terms of familiarity of both with State Street and the clients. So they’re having impact already. The folks from the outside some have started. Some are yet to start. They have a very high quality, so they’ll have impacts. It won’t be just as quick. Over time, they may even have greater impact. But the other thing that we’re focused on is really the – as we’re driving the sales teams, we’re trying to make sure they take a portfolio approach to this. We’re obviously very interested and as we mentioned earlier have a significant pipeline in terms of front-to-back opportunities, but we also understand and these are major decisions on the part of a client, they take time. The good news about it is once they make the decision, it’s not permanent but it’s a pretty long-term decision because it will be hard to unwind. There’s – we’ve talked about that pipeline. We’re confident that we’ll see several of those actually come to fruition this year. But at the same time, we haven’t lost sight of what our bread and butter is. So if you look at the $120 billion of new business this quarter. And that was classic high-quality new business. 80% of it was competitive. So we won it from somebody else. It’s stuff that can get installed in a reasonable amount of time, certainly for the most part sometime this year. And then lastly, I would focus on we talked about how we’re well on track for our Charles River synergies. The revenue synergies there are things that will have near – very near-term impacts on us. So a good example of it is, it’s an existing Charles River client, where we’ve now built in functionality where they can do markets business with us where they weren’t doing it before. That has – easy to install that’s basically flipping a few switches and then as their activity engages that will show on our bottom line. So it’ll – the point I’m trying to make is it’s a mix of very long-term high-value kinds of business that we’re focused on the core bread-and-butter business, and then finally these Charles River revenue synergies which in the immediate term have been mostly in the markets area.
Eric Aboaf: And Alex, it's Eric. I'd just add that from a revenue standpoint when we offer a front-to-back offering, right. We enter and participate in a whole new revenue pool, right. An $8 billion revenue pool in the front office that we can now secure, grow, expand and deliver on. When we offer for other clients who want an interoperable or open architecture system -- a custodian will plug into those front-office systems just like I said in my prepared remarks, whether it's with Aladdin or some of the other front-office providers in that case the custodian doesn't earn materially more in revenues, right. Those revenues are already sitting there in the office system for the front-office provider. So from our perspective the real revenue growth opportunity is to participate on that vertically integrated front-to-back offering, but on the other hand we have clients who want and need that open and interoperable solution and we're delighted to provide that as part of how we work with them, plug-in with them, interface with them as part of what we do as a custodian.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, I think, clearly since January the tone and the market indicators for interest rates has changed right? Back in January, we even thought there was a possibility of an interest rate hike. I think now we're at the front end of the curve now we're talking about the opposite. 10-year rates were in the 275-plus range and now are down 25 basis points, 30 basis points at least. So I think there's a different environment that we find ourselves in. And so as we look out at the year, we think we're going to see a downtick in 2Q. We said -- I said 1% to 2%. I think on a full year basis, we're looking to probably flattish on NII for the full year right? And the way that'll come is that we're going to continue our active efforts to grow our balance sheet. So our investment portfolio will tick-up this quarter. We've got -- our lending business is going to continue to grow. We're going to fund that with some of the initiatives that we're driving on deposits and those together need to offset some of the underlying rotation that we and industry continues to see in deposits from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing. But, I think, we're optimistic we can kind of work through this period of interest rates, but it's clearly a bit different than what we expected at the turn of the year.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. This quarter we had decouple features working through on the -- on a quarter-on-quarter basis. As you describe the spot equity markets were up. Now remember, we've got a mix of equities, fixed income and alternative assets are not quite as much as say the S&P. We did have also the lingering, probably almost a final piece was on that previously announced transition that we announced last year. And then we had one other middle-office deal, which I'd kind of put in the legacy bucket that was done a long time ago. It was margin-neutral, which doesn't really pay from our standpoint that a client chose to in source and do themselves, and so that had an affect on the quarter end.
Eric Aboaf: And Brennan, it's Eric. I would just add that we ask ourselves these questions every day right? Because we're trying to navigate through this uncertain environment and we're asking ourselves every day where can we push harder, faster, deeper. And that's part of the management process and that's why you saw us at the very end of the year announce a hiring freeze, take out 15% of the senior executive pyramid, adjust incentive comp, because we know we need to be decisive on some of these areas and will continue to be. And if the -- if our expectations in the top line don't materialize, we're going to have to do more and we're going to have to figure out how and that's just part of, I think, our perspective. I think we do want to balance that there is some need to reinvest in areas like our technology infrastructure and continue to freshen it and make sure that it is second to none out there. And if you think about it, our clients put a lot of stock in what we do and our reputation is our brand as one of the leading custodial -- custodians in the world. And so, we've got to be balanced as well as we think about our position.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Ken, it's Eric. Let me try kind of in reverse order, because I think it'll help. On processing and other, we had, as I think I described, about 99 -- I'm sorry, $95 million of revenue, which was down from the fourth quarter which we had disclosed. So you can kind of do the comparison and that's just the – how revenue recognition comes in, in that business. We also had two other factors this quarter. We had a small sale in our LIHTC portfolio. We have LIHTC, we have wind farm tax-advantaged investment, solar, et cetera. There was an opportunity to benefit from an appreciation that we choose to take and that was worth about $7, so maybe worth calling out. I think the other piece that happened in the processing and other lines, it's also where we need to book the mark-to-market adjustments on the underlying trust that support our asset management business, management incentive pools, right? Which are tied to the performance of their funds and that created a positive mark this quarter of just over $10 and a negative mark last quarter, right? Due to the fall in the equity markets of almost $15 million. And so, there is kind of this back and forth going on in processing and other, which we need to account for. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color and context on that line. I think if I go back to the top of the fee schedule, markets will be what they will be in some ways and will be responsive as our clients engage with this. We do expect some seasonal uptick in areas like securities lending and I think we have some confidence there. I think on servicing fees and management fees, we'll get a bit of an uptick from the average daily levels of the global equity markets to help. On the other hand, there is the kind of pricing pressure coming through. And then, I think, we continue to see a -- either a neutral our even a negative contribution for underlying flows and activity, just given the risk off sentiment, the low levels of volatility and those tend to go the other way. So anyway hopefully that's a bit of color as you think about second quarter.
Eric Aboaf: And, Ken, when you look at the data in a little more detail and you do have it in our press release, to Ron’s point, where you’re seeing it flows into money market funds, into some of the more simpler ETFs, you’re not seeing an underlying active mutual funds, collective funds and that’s probably relatively true both on the institutional and the retail side. So that’s a little bit of a -- what’s driving our carefulness here.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, it’s Eric. Let me start on deposits and then I think Ron will take the client segment question. On deposits, we’ve had a series of deposit initiatives dating back 18 months or more. I think we’ve seen this gentle trend in clients becoming, I use the word, discerning, right, given the high rate environment and thinking about where they put their fund. And so, we’ve done a lot of work to step back around our share of wallet of their deposits and where they put their cash, right? Think about the cascade. Some of it is on our balance sheet, some of it is on our balance sheet and non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing accounts some of it. We help them sweep to money market funds, some of them we put in repo. Right? There’s a series of different avenues for them. And so, we’ve become increasingly sophisticated, I think, over the last 18, maybe even 24 months, around tactically working with clients, being disciplined on deposit pricing on one hand, on the other hand using pricing functionality and some of those different avenues as places for us to support our clients. So I think to be honest, one of the reasons why we’ve done relatively well in NII and NIM is because we’ve been so practical and tactical and kind of focused on those underlying opportunities. If I build on that, the next round of initiatives with clients builds on this kind of share of wallet information we’ve built up and the kind of the discussions we have with them. And it does a couple of things. It -- we’ve segmented clients more broadly between small, medium large and different characteristics. There are some clients where we may provide some sweep functionality into money market funds that -- where their cash could end up on our balance sheet instead of in sweep accounts and that’s kind of the sort of opportunities that we’re looking at. But it’s for segments and sub-segments of clients and it always has to be worthwhile to our clients and so we’re actively working with a set of segments on that basis. We’re also to be honest doing a little bit of diversification in our deposit base. You saw that in my prepared remarks. I described some wholesale funding that we added, because we wanted diversified set of deposits given the environment and we’ll continue to do that and while that might affect our overall deposit betas, I think what we’re finding is our deposit betas for the underlying client business is relatively stable up through this time. So a series of different initiatives and I think it’s an ongoing part of our business process. But we -- I think we have a good understanding of where and how much and that’s why as clients do become on average, more careful with their deposits, our view is that we should help them, become more careful with us with their deposits and bring more to us and I think there is more there.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, I think Michael we look at a series of different indicators to think through what we should do when. And it’s ultimately a judgment call, but on that longer list is the interest rate environment. Right now we see long rates at 2.40%, 2.50% maybe a touch more, but if they take another discernible step down then we need to reevaluate, same thing if the fed cuts at the front end of the curve. Those are indicators to us that the times are going to be tough and there’s going to be even more of a risk-off environment and that will then mean even less in trading revenues and servicing fees. A downdraft in the equity markets is another one right, if we get a 10% correction and that correction sticks, right? Let’s say we had the December levels. December 31 levels still stick till today, right? That’s another indicator that we’re in a different environment. So I think we’ve seen these cycles before. We’re trying to be careful in navigating small cycle, large cycle secular versus cyclical, but those are the kinds of indicators we’re looking at. And then I think to be honest, on these quarterly calls, we’re going to continue to update our -- confirm or update our guidance on expenses on the conferences that we do during the year. And as that environment adjusts we’ll -- we’re certainly going to keep you well informed of some of our intentions. And I think you’ll see us put the same pressure on ourselves as you are considering, because we wrestle through that every day. And we know we need to deliver at the end of the day earnings and capital back to shareholders.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, it’s Eric. I think – let me frame expenses this way all right? We said down 1% on an underlying basis ex-CRD right because that’s the – that’s a core expense base of the firm. And on that basis on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter, we were actually down 2%, so I think we’re well on our way to begin to deliver on our down 1% for the year. I think in second quarter, you have the usual. You don’t merits coming through and a little bit of expansion in something like Charles River, but we’ve got saves coming through as well and we’re just trying to offset. I don’t know that those offsets will come every quarter but that’s our intention. So I think we’re off to a good start first quarter on a year-on-year basis and quarter-on-quarter basis. I think if we can hold expenses in the second quarter to the level that I described that’ll be good progress. And then I think third quarter, fourth quarter I’m not giving specific guidance, but I think you can back into that given the kind of 2% down this quarter year-on-year ex-CRD my guide for second quarter. And then I think you can impute the second half of the year and take it from there.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. The capital there is one that is, I think evolving in a really nice way. I think first, we feel pretty good knock on wood around CCAR and our CCAR potential this year. So more on that in June. I think the development in the CCAR rules though is quite positive for us, right? If the SLR rule goes in as it’s been published in the register that suddenly releases us for the tight constraint on – through the leverage ratio and depending on how you model it, probably frees up $1 billion, $1.5 billion of capital, which is quite material on our capital base of about $1 billion and I think could – it’s something that we’d certainly want to actively find ways to return to investors all else equal. I think then if you go forward the G-SIB surcharge down 0.5 points from 1.5% to 1% on our capital base is worth $0.5 billion of capital roughly. Now all that, will intersect with how CCAR is run a year from now or two years from now whether we go to the SCB and so forth. So it’s hard to predict exactly how and when. But I feel like there is certainly $1 billion plus tailwind coming through on capital through these various rule changes and that’s positive. Exactly, how we monetize them first protocol is getting more buybacks or capital directly to our common equity holders. And over time, we’ll also obviously take a look at the rest of the capital stack, but that’s certainly the – I think the first place to start.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, it’s Eric. There are a couple different factors there that, I think that are – that are I think flowing through the P&L. And remember, we really have three large asset management businesses within our large complex where we have a cash business, which is quite tied to our sec lending activities and the cash that comes from the assets on loan. And I think you see those assets on loans be lower this year than they were last year as the market has kind of deleveraged and gone into more of a careful structure. And so the follow-on is that there’s less cash for us in our cash business. And that’s important, because that’s historically been a good-yielding product from a fee perspective. I think the -- why we’re confident in a first quarter, second quarter uptick is we’ve seen some real upswings there and some -- and I think that will come back as markets normalize whether they come back and are higher than a year ago, time will tell, and we’ll see as we go through the next couple months. I think the second part of our large asset management business is institutional, where there is an underlying fee pressure. And that’s certainly true as our -- as we provide some of those passive products. Some of that money is flowing out of passive and to be self managed by some of the largest institutions that we’ve historically served around the world. And that’s clearly why we built out that OCIO business and some of the active -- the other active facilities, but there’s a rotation there that is -- that takes time to turn. And I think we’re still in the turning mode and that’s factoring through. ETFs is a -- I think is -- has got a lot of different components. We’re actually quite pleased with the performance of some of our products and some of the channels that we operate in. That low-cost core product is now well on its way to $30 billion, $40 billion of assets under management from a standing start 18 months ago. And that’s where the market is going. And I think the challenge in ETFs is that the market has shifted right to being a highly retail lower-fee product. And so there we are continuing to build out our offering in that space, while also actively driving growth in some of the other areas. High yield is an area of real strength for us. Some of the commodities, like, gold is an area of high strength. And part of what we’re seeing is some of those product areas are in favor or out of favor, and at the same time, we’re working hard on the various channels of distribution, because that’s the other avenue of success there. So I think more to come as we navigate some of the industry shifts in these -- in those three large asset management businesses and we continue to turn that in the right direction.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think the -- if you look back at the CCAR not just last year, but the last half decade of CCAR, right? The principal binding constraint for us is the leverage ratio in effect, and how that plays through, right? Because CCAR has those four or five ratios, leverage is one of those and that’s the one in which we hit the -- we have the low point relative to the requirement. So I think what effectively happens with the change in the SLR and the leverage ratio rules is that constraint gets pulled back. And either we end up with exactly -- depending on how it gets written either that our constraint then shifts to that 1 constraint, all right a common equity Tier 1 constraint; or just a much lighter version of a leverage ratio constraint. I think in either case and this is -- it’s hard to be sure until the rules get done and we actually run the stress test and so on and so forth. I think you’ve seen the same modeling that I have seen. That there is a $1 billion plus of capital at stake that will likely be freed up. The question is I think in the details. And I think we’ll see more as the public rulemaking proceeds. As -- we’ll see more as we go through the CCAR results in June. And we’re hopeful that that’s something we can build upon in the second half of the year from a capital return standpoint.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it’s Eric. I think let me try to help out in a couple different areas. I think, first, when we said, fee revenues would be flat to up 1%, that’s overall fees, right? So that’s servicing fees, management fees, markets processing and other all added together, right? So I’m trying to give you some broad guidance. And as we know more as the quarter develops, I’m happy to provide a little more detail. So we think of that in aggregate. I was clear that processing and other has a downtick coming, because of some of the events this quarter, and so I think I helped there. I think sec finance is likely to tick up, FX hard to tell given market volatility. And we are, I think, hopeful we’ll see some uptick sequentially on the combination of management and servicing fees, just don’t know how much. I think if you try to work through the underlying math, I think take the S&P. The S&P at March 31, if it just stays at that level through the rest of second quarter, is up roughly 4% on daily average basis versus first quarter. And I’m using my words precisely, just to help you with the math. I think the international indices may not be up that much. And remember, we also have a fixed income base and an alt space and so forth. And so you got to be careful about how much of that you factor in. I think that should provide some positive benefits, but pricing goes the other way and comes in in lumpy manners that we need to see. And then there is the flows and activity. So I think we’re -- we’d like to see -- just like you all we’d like to see some stability if not some uptick in the combination of servicing and management fees. And that’s what we’re -- the teams on the business side are intensely working on in the sales efforts that -- and the relationship efforts that Ron described are intensely focused on that. And I think we’ll -- we need to take it as it comes. And I think in the interim, we got to be vigilant on expenses, which is why the hiring freeze started in December. It’s still in place. And we’ve got to continue to find ways to drive out costs. And I think we continue to look for more ways, new ways, additional ways because that’s part of what this environment dictates.
Eric Aboaf: Steve, it’s Eric. I think on capital, we’re going to have to think about it in stages, right? So I think as we filed CCAR, at the very beginning of April, we’re still not in a position where we know definitively what’s going to happen to the leverage ratio. That will come later on. So I think in my prepared remarks, and I’ve said consistently that we have confidence in delivering substantially above the 80%. That’s kind of CCAR as we know it today without any rule changes, but that’s because we’ve adjusted our portfolio positions on the investment portfolio. We’ve addressed some of those counterparty topics. And we’ve actually continued to reduce risk, I think in a smart way. So that’s kind of part one. I think part two could be as we see the final legislation come through on leverage ratio that could provide a second opportunity for us on CCAR, but that could be June. It could be July. It could be August. It just takes time, and I think that will be another opportunity. And there’s a third opportunity with the G-SIB surcharge change, but we need to kind of see these play out. And so I think as I think about capital planning, I’m kind of capital planning in phases, so to speak. With CCAR kind of as is as Phase 1, maybe leverage ratio is Phase 2. And -- but not all at the same time. I think then if we go down the path of what part of the capital stack, I think we’d certainly like to start with our common equity holders. I think that’s the most important area for us to return capital to. I think we owe it to our shareholders, and so that’s the first priority. I think we’ll always look at some of the optimizations around prefs and around the rest of the capital stack, and that’ll certainly be in the analysis that we do. And obviously as we get through that analysis and see some of these developments, we’ll certainly refresh our outlook.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. See that’s a very thoughtful set of questions. I think you’ve got to look at a lot of indicators for deposits. And I think in addition to some of the comments that you’re pointing to, I’ve also said consistently that there is a series of different deposit pools out there, right? There are retail deposit pools. There are custodial deposit pools. There are corporate deposit pools. And all three of those, if I simplify just a three, and obviously there are more factor into the H.8 report. And so I think what we’re seeing is an evolution where the institutional clients that we custody an account for becoming increasingly discerning as we operate in a higher rate environment. And they are in some ways probably more discerning than the typical retail client, who’s got less at stake. And I think that’s what we’re seeing play through in the industry. And I think as we see some of the peer reports in the regional banks, we see some of that corporate deposit money under pressure. As we see the peer reports in the custodial banks, we see some of the custodial deposits under pressure, and then our view is we’ve go to navigate through that. I would tell you that I think we have to do and continue to do a lot of work under the surface to perform as well as possible on NII and NIM. And so for example, you saw this quarter our cost of funds on interest-bearing deposits tick-up, which on aggregate got to a beta of about 80%. And part of that is some of those wholesale deposits that we brought in, because that kind of mixes up as we diversify the deposit base. But I’d tell you the underlying beta for the kind of client deposits away from some of those wholesale sources, was closer to being in the mid-50% betas. And so those betas are I think stable. And so I think we continue to believe that you’ve got to be incredibly detailed and nuanced in your pricing and in your activities and in your segmentation of deposits. And that’s the way to perform as well as possible hopefully outperform some of the industry trends, but I think the backdrop as we now see it is that deposits in aggregate seem to be lightening in the custodial space, not by a lot, but by a bit. And our job is to do everything we can to secure as many of those deposits as we can bring on our balance sheet, and keep with us and serve. And that’s why you heard about some of those initiatives that I mentioned earlier.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. Mike, it’s Eric. We set those targets out in December. Medium-term, we defined as three years, so 2019, 2020, 2021. And it was off of a base of about 28% margins. And as you can tell, we’ve got work to do. We’re not shy about that. We’re not defensive about that. We’re -- we’ve got real work to do. And part of that is margins are affected negatively when you see a downdraft in revenues. So that’s on us. We’ve got to turn-around that performance. Notwithstanding, that the market has not been conducive, but that’s not a -- that’s -- that just is, and we’ve got to overcome that. And we’ve got to keep taking I think sizable action on expenses. So, we’re highly focused on it. I think it will take some time to get there. But our view is we’ve got to keep acting given the hand that we have and work towards those targets.
A – Eric Aboaf: Brian, it’s got to be a broad combination of those actions, right? I mean we’re -- right now we’re living in a different environment than we were in December. On the other hand, as shareholders ourselves and as representatives of what we need to deliver for our shareholders, we know that we need to find ways to drive earnings growth. We need to find ways. And we -- and if that doesn’t come this year, it’s going to come next year. And it’s going to -- got to come the year after that. We got to find ways to return more capital which is why in a slower growth environment or a flat environment that we’re in, we got to find ways to over-deliver on capital. And I think again some of these medium-term targets, we feel confident we should be able to do that and hopefully a good bit more on that front. And at the end of the day, we’ve got to find ways to drive growth in the topline and that’s what we’re doing, right? Part of the discussion we had on deposits and balance sheet and some of those initiatives part of the client-specific initiatives, on segments, some of the coverage enhancement is all critical to driving that -- to restarting that growth that we need. And the interim, as like -- as Ron said, we got to both drive that growth and take out expenses and operate the firm carefully.
A – Eric Aboaf: Yes Gerard. We’re really seeing the mix shift in two of the three asset management businesses that we operate certainly in ETFs by most, but mostly industry observers would tell you that somewhere between 70%, 80% of the flows into ETFs are now in those low-cost core products. And that’s as opposed to some of the higher-margin products that we’ve historically operated in. And so there is just a shift in the market that’s playing through and our view is we’ve got to compete in both that new low-cost area and also the higher-fee area, but that’s one of the areas where we’re seeing that shift. I think the second one is in institutional. Like all asset managers, we always have some mandates that were priced two, three, four, five, six years ago. And there’s certainly a lot of intense competition on the institutional side and so what we’re seeing is kind of a rotation kind of the back book being priced differently over time from -- in those areas. So some of it is like-to-like product, and that’s something where we need to continue to rebuild our capabilities, whether it’s in fixed income and LTI, whether it’s OCIO, because I think the only way to tackle that is by expanding and introducing some of those other higher fee areas, fee products to offset.
A – Eric Aboaf: Marty, it’s Eric. I think Fed watching is an art and a popular one at that. I don’t know how to be either conservative or optimistic about the Fed. I think at the end of the day they’re quite clear and relatively transparent that there’s not much of an intention to change short-end rates. I think the market is estimating there is more downside than upside to rates but we’ll see. The Fed has been I think pretty clear that it’s kind of steady as she goes. I think the underlying question if that’s the case is how does the economy play out towards the second half and the end of this year. And then is there a hike or a cut a year from now or around the turn of the year? And then, I think there’s a second question because it’ll come through more quickly in the markets. It’s based on the market’s interpretation what they might do and other indicators what’s going to happen in the long end of the rates. And do they fall from here? Do they stay at this level or is there some inkling of ticking up? And I think the optimists might say for a bank that upticks would be nice. And I think we’re just -- our view is you can’t plan for that. You got to plan for the base case being kind of where we are today. Anyways, hopefully that’s -- at least gives you a sense for what we’re thinking. I think on the investment portfolio, our view is that we should continue to put more of our cash to work. We’ve got a very significant kind of cash base on our books, which mean we can deploy that cash into other areas. We’ve got $50 billion of cash at the various central banks. And that’s -- some of that can be put towards high-quality liquid assets. I think what you’ve seen us do over the course of the last quarter, is continue to leg into a larger MBS portfolio as opposed to a treasury portfolio. That comes with some OAS spread opportunities and I think helps balance out the downdraft in rates. And I think you’ll see us continue in a very kind of high-quality liquid asset way, look for opportunities whether it’s in agency MBS, whether it’s some of the supras find opportunities. And continue to mix this portfolio in the right way. I think we’ve got a -- we have a nice allocation to treasuries, but I think treasuries we can thin down a bit as long as we stay in other agency products. And that transition should help us at least to offset the lower rates that we’re seeing today than we had at the beginning of the year. And I think the question is how much of that we can do. And obviously that’s supplemented for our abilities to grow the -- what is a smaller lending portfolio relative to the investment portfolio, but that’s kind of the other avenue of field that we can work towards.
A – Eric Aboaf: I think in the -- if you think about the SLR, I think you know and you’ve seen banks do the annual CCAR ask which is submitted in April and comes through in June but there is other -- the way the rules are set up there’s always an opportunity if we have -- if we were to have excess capital to go back. And ask the Fed and through that prescribed process for additional asks. I’m not -- and I think we don’t have plans right now to do that all right? We don’t have information to say that there’s more capital but I think you’ve seen banks do that. And we’d certainly consider that if we had some legislative rule changes. So, I think there is an opportunity there. We -- just as I said earlier in my comments we’re going to take this in stages. First, get through CCAR in June. And then, just see if there are other changes coming.
A – Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I think that’s a very interesting question right now. Because as we operate in I’ll call it a flatter balance sheet environment, right with deposits more stable than up, then we actually don’t need to accrete capital in the balance sheet in line with that -- with what would traditionally be a balance sheet expansion. And I think in some ways that’s what I like so much about our business. It’s a capital-light business. It doesn’t require a lot of capital accretion. How much it’s -- how much is directly proportional to balance sheet growth? If there is let’s say a year where there’s no balance sheet growth? Then the answer is you don’t need to accrete any capital and retain it on the balance sheet. You can actually return it to shareholders. And so, I think we can take each year as it comes. And I think the kind of total balance sheet growth rate when it’s flat, for example, is capital light in a sense. And can let us really I think reward our shareholders as they’d like to be rewarded.
