Eric Aboaf: Yeah, Ken. It's Eric. The largest driver of our NII trends right now, whether it's the fourth quarter to the first quarter or first quarter to second quarter is really the level of non-interest-bearing deposits. Those came down this past quarter about $5 billion. We had expected them to come down about $3.5 billion. And we do a fair amount of forecasting on this. We think about January, February. March, it usually comes through in a U shape and we actually had a -- had some of the opposite play through in March. And so that's what's been driving some of the change in NII. And in contrast, we've actually seen good flows in interest-bearing deposits at the same time. So there is a fair amount going on under the surface. As we look into second quarter, we expect this pace of non-interest-bearing deposits to continue to rotate. So if you step back, last year, we had periods where non-interest-bearing deposits were up $1 billion; then down $2 billion; then down $4 billion; then down $2 billion, right? It's been quite volatile. And right now we're expecting non-interest-bearing deposits probably to come down another $4 billion, $5 billion into the second quarter. And if you think about it, when you earn 5% or more for those kinds of deposits on the asset side and then pay zero, that can be a significant -- that's a significant amount of NII, right? Every $1 billion is worth $12 million, sometimes $15 million per quarter. And so that's what we are seeing flowing through. The hard work we're trying to do from a forecasting standpoint, and forecasting is always hard, is where does the trend -- how does that trend play out and we do some of what you probably do, which is we've looked at the last peak and the last low of non-interest-bearing deposits. The peak was 22%; the last low was 18%. On the other hand, in dollar terms, the last peak was $50 billion, and the last low was about $30 billion, and right now, we're sitting at about $39 billion. And so that's what's really playing through the NII forecast. And then as we play that out, we expect to see some of that non-interest-bearing deposit rotate into interest-bearing deposits, but to be honest, some of our clients who are sophisticated institutions are also looking at some of the other strong rates that they can get either in treasuries or money market funds. And so, at this point in the cycle, with the high level of prevailing rates, we expect deposits probably to trend down another few billion into the second quarter, but this is all kind of dependent on client behavior and activity as we take a look at our forecast.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I think clients are -- the clients (ph) are making a variety of different decisions here. And I think part of what - why we're seeing, what we're seeing is that we've not lived in an environment where interest rates are at 5%, whether you put that at the Fed or in three and six-month treasuries, right? And so clients have a fair amount of alternatives and they're thinking about how to deploy, how to maximize interest and yields for their own clients, especially the kind of clients we have who are -- over time will always be price-sensitive. When it comes to the operational nature of the deposits, you can see from our disclosure and we added some of this, clients are incredibly sticky and stable from an operational standpoint. Operational deposit balances were steady and the operational percentages continue to be very -- in a very narrow band. You have clients with several billions of dollars each often, but they typically have hundreds, if not thousands of individual accounts with very significant transactional and payment flows, and that's why they're categorized as operational in nature. And so that behavior hasn't changed. What we -- that behavior of core custodial deposits is deeply ingrained in the structure of those accounts, the processing we do for them, the avoidance of overdrafts that they always try to -- that they don't want to -- that they don't want. I think what we're seeing instead is clients on the margin will find, for their discretionary, the last dollar of $100 of deposits, they're going to be rate-seeking. And at these prevailing rates, there is -- they're going to look here and there. Now sometimes, we match them with those rates. So we'll offer deposits at exception rates. Sometimes we help them with their sweeps or some of their treasury repo interest. And so there is a variety of different ways we serve our clients and we'll continue to do that. But clearly, at this point in the rate cycle, you kind of have some of the patterns that you and we would expect to have.
Eric Aboaf: Thanks for the question. I think we'll continue to see a range of behaviors across the geographies. I mean, I think the way I would describe them is in the U.S., with prevailing rates at where they are, you have this non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing rotation on one hand. And then you have clients nudging on pricing in general. And we're kind of at that point where clients now have incentives, just like we do, to find a place to settle at with us. I think in Europe and pound sterling, it's still new, right? We've just been at the kind of the first, maybe half, two-thirds of the rate increases. And there, the betas continue to be in that 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% range and are quite attractive for us. They're good for clients because the clients tend to have somewhat fewer alternatives in those international jurisdictions relative to the U.S. on one hand. On the other, there tends to be a more -- there tends to be less price sensitivity on the deposits. And we do expect that to continue. And I think with more rate increases flowing through in the international jurisdictions, that allow us to continue to lag modestly the deposit rates that we offer to see those play through.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. Good question, and it's something that we've been very deliberate and thoughtful about. You can imagine, as we saw the events in March unfold, we've been thinking daily and weekly about how stable is the broader banking system. The starting point for us is we've got an incredibly strong balance sheet, right? Our capital ratios are in the 12% range. That's 100 basis points above the top end of our range, 200 basis points higher than the bottom of our range. It's 400 basis points above the regulatory requirements. And you know many run much thinner in terms of regulatory requirements. And we've always chosen to run with this kind of -- with a healthy buffer. So I think on one hand, the starting point for us is important in our ongoing decisioning around capital return, and we're conscious of that. On the other hand, just like you say, we assess the market conditions and the environment, not for us, because this is not about us. This is about what's happened in some of the other parts of the banking system. We assess those. And if we would had economic and banking conditions like they were at the beginning of March, I think we'd have a -- we'd make different statements around our capital buyback. And so we feel like there has been a fair amount of healing since the beginning, middle of March, and we think that gives us -- that factors into our thinking. And then what we'll do is we'll continue to evaluate conditions, right, if market conditions and systemic conditions get more concerning for the system, we'll -- we may pace these differently if they continue to be at these levels of stability that we're at, we feel confident that, that we can and should continue to proceed. But it will be a week-by-week reassessment. Our buybacks aren't once and done. They're done over the course of the next eight to 10 weeks. And this is one of those quarters where you do them more linearly than not. And so we'll evaluate. But our position of strength is just quite -- I think quite high and gives us a fair amount of latitude.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, there is a couple of different ways we look at this. And clearly, we're one quarter into the year. We've started to give some outlook for second quarter, and we need to see how the conditions and the environment plays out because equity markets up or down, bond markets up or down by more than a percentage point or 2 is going to impact our revenues. And so I think it's still early in the year. We set out this year to drive positive operating leverage and continue to look for ways to do that, but we need more information about the external conditions to really see that. I think as we think about the opportunities here though, NII will trend positively for the year, but not as positively as we would have expected. So that's a consideration. You saw that we took up our fee guide for the second quarter, and so that gives us a little more ballast or breathing room or momentum, to be honest. And we'll continue to manage expenses quite actively. I would say in the last year and a half, as NII was up 20%, 30%, 40%, 50%, right, we didn't spend that on the expense line, right? We were quite conscious of continuing to drive investment, but also productivity and calibrate it in our expense growth. And so as we look forward, we'll continue to do that, but obviously, with a -- we'll keep track of the direction of revenues and obviously try to adapt where we can.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. It's -- the revenue impact on that line is a little bit of both, and we're still discerning all the specifics in doing the forecasting. In second quarter, we have -- we need to do a year-to-date catch-up. That's how the accounting guidance is written. And then there will be some additional revenues in the third and fourth quarter, not as much as there would be from the second quarter catch-up. So we're trying to map that out. And as the quarter proceeds, we'll try to get a little more guidance out. But that line will tend to have -- instead of kind of being centered around zero, will be centered around a slightly higher number in the coming quarters, and we'll try to get some guidance out on that as we go through all the forecasts.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, it's Eric. We're -- we've been quite careful over the years of running a portfolio with a modest amount of duration. I think it's typically in the two and a half to 2.8 years in that -- that provides us some amount of benefit from what historically has been steepness in the yield curve. It's also given us some ability to create some amount of stabilization in NII without forsaking the opportunity to benefit from interest rate rises, which is what we've been able to do over the last two years. We like that amount of duration because it also protects the income statement as rates fall, and we'll see if that -- if there is -- if there are rate cuts late in the year or next year or the year after that. So that gives us some stability as well. I think what I'd tell you though is, we spend as much time on duration curve shape as we do on carefully also running some MBS portfolios where there is some additional yield pickup, but you've got to be careful in terms of the level of convexity risk that you take. And then because of our deposit franchise, as was mentioned earlier, we're doing this around the globe. We've got about a third of our balance sheets in international jurisdictions, and that gives us real opportunities in pound sterling, euro, Canadian, Aussie dollars et cetera to invest. And we may run somewhat different duration levels in those different currencies. We might be shorter in one, longer in other, partly to reflect our views on the rate cycle and where each of those are. So there is a range of kind of approaches that we take there, and we find that our flexibility gives us some opportunities to deliver some good yields in NII, but obviously being careful. We don't want to stretch for duration. We don't want to stretch for yield. We want to continue to run a conservative portfolio like we have for many, many years.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. Let me do that in reverse order. The operational accounts are sometimes interest-bearing, sometimes non-interest-bearing. So there is a wide variety of different pricing structures, but they tend to be -- remember -- and these are thousands of accounts oftentimes for each of our -- for each of the asset managers or asset owners that we custody for. And it's less about the pricing in those accounts than about the nature of the accounts and the payment transactions that clients are funding in effect with the deposits that they leave with us. In terms of non-interest-bearing deposits, I do think we'll continue to see a trend downwards. We saw a $5 billion trend this past quarter, which was $1 billion or $2 billion more than we had expected even back at that early -- even back when we last gave guidance. We expect probably another $4 billion, $5 billion will come out in the second quarter. And then I think we do believe that there is going to begin to be some stabilization. I'd be inclined to think that we'll get to that $30 billion probably later this year, but this is where there is no amount of crystal-balling that we can provide. It's hard to really be sure it could be at that level, it could be around that level. There is -- we've seen movements in non-interest-bearing month by month that are plus/minus $4 billion or $5 billion. Even in April, as an example, we've had days where non-interest bearings were in the $44 billion level, so $5 billion above the recent average and days when they were at the $34 billion level. So it's that kind of range and volatility that we're trying to forecast through, but clearly, the trend's here, and I think the last benchmark of that -- around that $30 billion level may be one that we approach potentially later this year.
Eric Aboaf: And Jim, it's Eric. Just to round that out, Ron's covered servicing fees. Management fees should give us some lift as well as we have some equity market appreciation -- equity and bond market appreciation into the second quarter. I think if you go through the trading lines, second quarter is usually good. We'll have to see just how much volumes play through in spread, so -- but you've seen we've been making nice headway given the market volatility with specials and sec finance that will likely continue. In the software and processing line, we had one of the lowest on-premise renewal quarters this -- in 1Q. And that one just varies. If you just you look at some of the materials in the deck, that could be $6 million, it could be $60 million. That was literally the swing from fourth quarter to first quarter. We expect, as we had said, some sizable upticks there as well. So there is a range of areas. And in effect, from a management standpoint, we're focused on every one of the opportunities and businesses and harnessing the client momentum that we've been seeing.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. No, I understand the perspective. I think what I will remind you on software and processing, we had an unusually low print in the first quarter. So the first part of the follow up (ph) in second quarter is rebound and then continuation. On-premise revenues have averaged about $30 million a quarter, for example. That's a reasonable kind of average that one could expect, but we printed $6 million this past quarter. So it's that kind of, I think, rebound we're expecting in the second quarter and then it should stay within the averages. And then beyond that, to your point, there are the more annuity-like areas, whether it's the software enabled, the SaaS revenues in software, whether it's some of the -- we have very flow-oriented FX and securities finance books. And then as Ron mentioned, we're seeing increasing momentum in servicing fees and management fees, and the servicing fee momentum is spread as we've mentioned, both in terms of back office and in middle office, which gives us additional diversity. It's hard for us to predict the second half of the year, and I'll hesitate every April to re-estimate the full year, but I think we'll know more as we get to June and July, and I'll certainly give -- be able to give you an indication. But we've -- we're certainly seeing momentum of activity with clients and expect some of these onboardings to come through. And we think that provides a step-up and then there should be some continuation beyond second quarter that will be positive.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I mean, the -- this is where the forecasts just have a wide range of outcomes. I think given the first quarter report and what we expect in the second quarter, we don't think that one can reach that -- at up 20% for the full year. I think what we're wrestling with is just what's the pace of rotation and what's the pace of some of the price sensitivity that we see in the U.S. clients at this point in the cycle. And that's what's harder to determine. So there is a range of forecasts we have. And if I had to kind of share with you, I'd say if one thinks of it in a more dour way and expects more rotation and more price sensitivity, NII could be up 5% to 10% this year instead of 20%. On the other hand, if one's optimistic and believes some of the history, where there is real attenuation in the non-interest-bearing deposits, NII could be up 10% to 15%. So there is a larger range than usual in the forecast that we have. And to be honest, just like I quoted some of the April year-to-date data and the range of levels that we're seeing, we expect that those -- we expect to be -- that there will be quite a bit of range in the outcomes, just really hard to predict. But maybe that gives you some perspective. It's probably a larger range than you're looking for, but we're trying to be as transparent and forthcoming as we can given the facts and the information that we have here.
Eric Aboaf: No, I don't think it's really the events of the last month, which are really in very different client segments, different geographies. Those are very different from what we do and who we serve. And we had a little bit of a flight to quality -- not flight to quality; we had a bit of this risk-off sentiment with deposits, but that's just a whole different ecosystem than those clients that we serve. I think what's really happening here and what we've been trying to estimate, but maybe is unestimatable or unforecastable is just how do clients operate when prevailing rates are at 5% in the United States, right? We've not had that scenario in our -- for some of us in our careers, right? But for some of us, going back many, many -- probably two decades. And so the data is thin on that question. And I think what we've seen is back in January, when we had given some of our NII guidance for the quarter, just on non-interest-bearing deposits, we had seen one quarter where they were up a little bit, one quarter where they were down $5 billion. And then the third to fourth quarter, they were down $2 billion, right? So you're in this situation where you're trying to guess, forecast, estimate we can -- we've got to use all those words. And I think we thought we might have reached some attenuation, but we didn't. There was another step of rotation playing through. It's not a rational for clients to do that, and so they've shifted. Now they shift from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing. They shift across currency sometimes because of their sophistication. I think what's interesting is that we actually got more deposits in the U.S. and we had some outflows in -- or some net reductions in Europe and in Asia. And so you kind of have a real mix out there. And I think what we're realizing is all the data sets we have are actually not -- there is not enough data on this question of deposit or, I'll call it, deposit or pricing behavior because that's what this is about. And that's what we're trying to better estimate. But the clients we're serving, we're continuing to serve, the momentum in the business is clear. And just like NII went up faster than we had thought, I think there is a trend here that it's coming down a bit sequentially. It's still going to be up for the full year, but we'll need to see how much.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. It's good question. I mean, the -- aside from the provision that's calculated using all the CECL techniques and fairly regimented that we had for that -- for the one cash placement that we made, the provision was about $15 million. I think for us, provisions have been in the $5 million, $10 million, $15 million range typically. We've seen a little bit of migration or change in ratings in a half dozen credits, but it's the kind of thing that plays through. And part of that is we have higher prevailing rates, and that puts a little bit of pressure in different parts of the economy and I think it's probably fairly typical. I think the -- we run quite a high-quality and high grade lending book. Even where we're a little more down market, we call BBs down market, right? So we have a ratings distributions that are typically in the A or A- or even better range. So we'll have some sensitivity to economic conditions. You can go back to around the start of COVID, right? A number of banks built reserves, that can give you a sense of sensitivity. But what we feel like we're well reserved now given what we know, both on the economic conditions and individual positions that we hold. It's highly diversified. It's high quality. And we'll obviously -- we'll continue to monitor, but feel like it's reasonably stable with a little bit of drift down situation just given the direction of rates in the economy.
Eric Aboaf: And Mike, it's Eric. I'd just underscore, right, the capital and liquidity strength and ratios are just incredibly high end with us by every measure that one can see. And we've shared quite a bit of that. And that's the reason why we're comfortable at this point proceeding with our buyback. We'll -- I said in my prepared remarks, we do it through the rest of the year. I said we do it at pace. And even within a quarter, we typically start buybacks the day after earnings and then we will operate and execute on them, subject to market conditions, of course, but we typically execute on them over the eight to 10 weeks of available days during the quarter. So it's -- we'll -- we've got good confidence in the broader system and enormous confidence in our particular position here. On earnings, we'll work through the earnings issue. NII was -- is something that we can figure our balance sheet to earn when rates move up and the balance sheet does give some of that back when rates come down. And we'll obviously continue to drive our focus on fees and manage expenses and drive what really is a multi-year trajectory.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Rob. It's Eric. And I think there's some materials on RWA both in the earnings deck on Page 12 and then further back in the addendum. I think if you remember, fourth quarter, we had a particularly low print in RWA, which we had signaled at our fourth quarter earnings call in January. Overdrafts came in lower than expected. Some of the risk-weighted assets associated with the FX books came in lower because of the late December move in dollar rates. And so we had expected a rebound of about $10 billion, $15 billion of RWA from fourth quarter to first quarter. And you saw we got about $8 billion or $9 billion of that. We still came in a little light on overdrafts, which is fine. Part of that is the amount of cash in the system and the cash and deposits that we're holding on behalf of our clients. You see RWA is still down year-over-year, and that's because of a fair number of optimization efforts. We felt like there's real opportunities for us to grow the franchise on one hand, but deploy RWAs in very high-quality and higher returning ways on the other and support our clients. And so we've been adjusting the deployment across the FX books. You think about how much we want to deploy in the forward space and the long-dated forwards versus spot and securities finance, there are different amounts. But we're quite well off when it comes to capital and our plan is here really to continue to find ways to smartly deploy additional capital and additional RWA to drive organic growth.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. When we described the installation going into the second quarter, we were describing those as realized revenue installations. So in effect, the way the accounting works typically is when we win, we don't book the revenues, but it's only at the installation date that you begin to book them. So you'll see both the backlog assets under custody in the second quarter begin to come down and some of the servicing and middle office revenues float upwards. And similarly, for the software and data processing areas, you'll see something in that direction as well.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I don't -- Vivek, I don't know that we -- in January, we went into that level of detail. I think what we've said in the past is that that there is a range of revenue growth in our different fee categories. We've described back office as growing towards the -- traditional back office growing closer to the lower single-digit revenue growth. We've described middle and front office, which would include CRD at high single-digit growth. There will be years when it could be double-digit revenue growth. So that's what we said about that category -- this category. I think what we see in particular in software is the on-premise revenues over time will -- may not be as heavy, but we do see real momentum in the combination of the software enabled and SaaS. But all in, that should grow in the higher-single digit revenues typically though there'll be some range around that in a given year.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I think, Vivek, there are a couple of ways to think about that because what happens here is that it gets onboarded on -- in tranches. So we might onboard the assets under custody, administration, but there are multiple services that we're often providing for those assets. So we had a couple of wins over the last year or two years with $1 trillion. Those $1 trillion wins would have had some custody, some accounting, they might have had some performance analytics. They would have had some middle office services in many cases because they were Alpha mandates. So there is three, four or five kind of, I'll call it, revenue installations, right, for each of the balances that sit there when we describe them as assets under custody and administration. I think roughly, our view is that we'd expect about half of the backlog in custody and administration to come through during the course of this year. I'll say that roughly, right? It tends to vary. And then the revenue pieces, it won't be quite at that level because the revenues come through over time as you get the different, I'll call it, layers of services that are provided associated with those -- that assets under custody, administration. But what we'll do is we'll -- I think it's -- that may be some kind of broad perspective. What we'll try to do each quarter is give you more and more visibility as we get to those implementation points because, remember, these are implementations where not only have we configured a front-to-back offering that we've -- that we've designed for clients, but clients need to reconfigure many of their processes and systems in parallel with that to adopt. And so it's a joint effort on both sides.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I mean, CF Global for us is a very attractive opportunity. We've historically done some outsourced trading over the years in the U.S. and Asia. We weren't particularly large in that space in Europe. This gives us some real heft and credibility in Europe. It's an acquisition that will close likely at the end of the year. So I think it's really a 2024 topic. And we're looking at a business like that between what we have and what we're adding to be in the $30 million to $50 million range of revenues next year. Now, we've got some of that today, but this -- what we purchased in CF Global really is distinguishing in terms of capabilities, product lines, lets us build around what we have and then drive some real incremental growth. And so something we're very excited about because it fits into being the enterprise outsourcer. You do that for a custody, accounting, middle office, front office, and we do it for the CIOs of small and midsized companies. And it's really -- it fits very well with our positions -- positioning and strength.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Yeah, Jim. It's Ron. So maybe I'll start here. On servicing fees, we -- as Eric noted, we do expect growth, and it's driven by a couple of things. One is, we've been carrying for a while now a fair amount of AUC/A to be implemented. A lot of that was tied to some systems development that needed to occur that is occurring. So we're expecting to see a hefty amount of that AUC/A to get installed. Secondly, the wins this quarter were -- while it was a low AUC/A amount, it was much more traditional back office plus this very large alternatives, both of which are easier to install, but they take less time to install. So we're actually quite pleased with how 2023 is shaping up from a sales perspective and it's good that it's shaping up early in the year. So with all that, we do expect to have a meaningful amount of servicing fee growth. That coupled with -- depending on what you believe about markets, tends to wash over everything that I'm talking about, but if you believe that there's some kind of market stability, we feel pretty good about the year as we look forward.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Mike, why don't I start? I think that as you're calculating the worst case, I think your math roughly is correct. We're doing all we can to avoid the worst case, but I think your math and how you get to the earnings impact is right, assuming the -- in effect, 100% margin on the deposits. In terms of liquidity, there is nothing here that approaches a liquidity issue, right? These are custody deposits. As Eric noted, they're operating deposits. They give you a sense and a little more explanation of why we've got X number of clients, but a multiple number of accounts. And if you think about it, a mutual fund company probably has at least one account per fund they have with us, if not more. It's to actually run their funds. If you look at the liquidity coverage ratio, which Eric walked you through, it's up at 124% now. It's actually gone up, not down. So yes, this is an earnings issue and one that we intend to offset to the extent possible with the primary source of our revenue, which is fees as well as continued careful management of expenses.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: I mean -- Mike, I think Eric explained it well. If you look at our capital levels, and the fact that we held off buying back shares for quite a large amount of -- basically for most of last year, we feel comfortable continuing the buyback. We're obviously conscious of the environment. So we feel comfortable doing that, and we certainly feel comfortable about ourselves, but there is the system in which we live, and to the extent to which the system started to look very different from what it is today, look a whole lot more like or even worse than what we saw in March, we're certainly not going to ignore that. But our -- based on what we know now and our financial strength, we think it's actually quite prudent to do so. And our forecasting puts us -- I mean, we don't think about it in terms of market cap. We think about it in terms of what's our CET1 ratio, our capital ratio, and this will still put us above our range, so -- well within our range, I mean. So this is something that, at this point, we feel very comfortable doing.
