Michael W. Bell: Sure. Luke, it's Mike. First of all, one clarification before answering your specific question and that is that we estimate that the deposits if you exclude the quarter end spike were actually down $30 billion to $35 billion. So something in that range of $30 billion to $35 billion rather than explicitly $35 billion. But to answer the main part of your question, first, specifically, yes we're pleased with the progress that we made. We did in fact hit the objective that we had for full year 2015 as of the point in time into the quarter – third quarter 2015. Now, I would point out in reference to your pref question, the main priority we're focused on here is positioning for the next CCAR. So the 2016 CCAR will likely be our near-term binding constraint and will likely be the most important factor in terms of pref issuance in the near-term. And if you recall our CCAR results from the last go-round, the Tier 1 leverage was our binding constraint and it's likely to be our binding constraint again. So as you can imagine, very helpful to reduce deposits by $30 billion to $35 billion in terms of meeting the near term Tier 1 leverage target. So in terms of your specific question on the prefs, I do expect that in first quarter of 2016, we'll look at a number of different factors. We'll look at the parameters of the CCAR test. We'll look at the balance sheet for the average fourth quarter 2015 because remember it's not the September 30 balance sheet. It's the average balance sheet over fourth quarter 2015 that's going to be so important in terms of the next CCAR. So, again, maintaining the lower level through fourth quarter is a high priority. But basically, we'll look at all of those things in 2016 and then make some decisions on any pref issuance plans for 2016.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, it was a complete answer, Jay. The only piece, Luke, I would add is we are working through the details here, so this would be the pacing details. This would be the details around the required investments and likely charges. I know that several of you are going to be interested in what does this mean for full-year 2016? So it's really – that level of detail is what I'd, as Jay said, we're working through those specifics right now in the format that I know you're interested in. So that's the piece that'll be forthcoming at fourth quarter and also at the February Investor Day.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Ken. Good morning. First of all, it's largely dependent, Ken, as you can imagine, on what happens in terms of market interest rates, which will be tied very closely to what the Fed does in the near-term in terms of potentially increasing the administered rate. To focus on two different scenarios, if you'll recall at our Investor Day, we had said, look, if you exclude the excess deposits and assume that the Fed funds rate would ultimately get back to 2% and the U.S. Treasury at 10 years would get back to 3.5%, we would expect that the NIM, again, importantly, excluding the excess deposits, would be in the range of 150 basis points to 160 basis points approximately four years after the Fed stopped increasing those rates. Now again, there's a lot of assumptions in there, and all things equal, of course. But that gives you a sense that it could take a while, but it could be a meaningful increase because that 150 basis points to 160 basis points would compare to something in the low 120s basis points today on that same basis. So again, a fair amount of upside that would way more than offset the loss of the NIR from the excess deposits. Conversely, that low 120s basis points could fall to something like 95 basis points to 100 basis points, if you recall at the Investor Day presentation, if interest rates stayed static. So again, unfortunately, a fair amount of downside if rates stay exactly where they are. So it is a relatively unpredictable period, Ken, so I think it would be fair to say in net, it's too early to give you a specific thoughts around calendar year 2016, but in net, there could be continued grind if we don't get help on market interest rates, but we could get help over time if we could get some help there.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Ken. The way I think about it is in really a couple of different pieces. First of all, I would remind you that we're in a service business, so as we add additional net new business, as we have for 2015, I would expect that we'd have to add expenses to service that revenue. But obviously, we expect to get positive operating leverage on that additional revenue. So net-net, the revenue more than pays for the additional expenses. You're absolutely right, the burden that we have faced here in 2015 and also in 2014 was related to the regulatory and related priorities, and that expense came both in terms of adding full-time staff but also outside consultants. As we've talked to you about before, we do anticipate in Q4 and also in 2016 making more progress on replacing those outside consultants, which are very expensive, with additional full-time staff. And just as we've gotten better in terms of process improvement on these priorities, I think we get more efficient and smarter at how we're spending the money. So again, that's been upward pressure in 2014 and 2015. I think we'll be more productive in 2016. I still would anticipate, I wouldn't put a number on it at this point, that 2016 regulatory expenses would be higher than where they ended up for 2015 just based on the overall environment and the higher regulatory expectations worldwide. But I don't think we'll see the magnitude of increase and certainly we're working through the budgeting process to try to limit that year-over-year increase to something less than what it's been here in 2015. And then the only last comment I'd make and then see if Jay, wants to add anything is around we will continue to make additional efficiencies. We've made progress on that in 2015. The severance charge that we're announcing today is obviously, another near-term step, and then as we've laid out today, the significant focus on this multiyear plan to get the next tranche of the transformation savings.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, Mike, I would just add that, remember, this is built off of the backbone of the IT and ops transformation program, which I think everybody would view as being very successful. That also was a multiyear plan but the fact that we were able to meet the interim as well as the full program objectives there, gives us a lot of confidence that we can do the same for this next tranche.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, Mike, I would say that we'll certainly each year continue to look at the long-term expectations that we have for this business. For now, certainly – and we went through this, if you recall, at our last Investor Day, we do believe that those goals are achievable as long as in particular that we get some help in terms of a return to more normal interest rates and the other items that we talked about at – backing those goals back in February.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, Jim, it's Mike. Yeah, certainly your arithmetic is in the ballpark. I would remind you that the – that implies that we continue in terms of those, the lower levels of deposit through the entirety of the average of fourth quarter, and also that nothing else materially changes. But again, subject to those caveats, your arithmetic is on the money. We'll get the benefit of the drop in the deposits in September, we'll get the full benefit of that in Q4 as long as it's maintained.
Michael W. Bell: Jim, yeah, I'd split it up into two pieces. First, your comments are fair as it relates to the SLR, and in fact, we've said all along that we are confident that we're going to be in compliance with SLR, which doesn't kick in until 1/1/2018, and that we'll be on a glide path to get there. So, yes, I continue to feel positive about our longer-term compliance with SLR. I would reinforce, though, Jim, what I said earlier, and that is near-term, the most important binding constraint is not the SLR, it's the upcoming CCAR test, and specifically based on our experience last year, it's the Tier 1 leverage calculation in the upcoming CCAR that's likely to be our near-term binding constraint. And I'm sure, that's going to be impacted by our Q4 balance sheet, but it's also going to be impacted by the parameters of the CCAR test. We don't know what those are yet, obviously, and we'll have to investigate those parameters and put it through our own capital management modeling. So there are just a lot of other things that – beyond the longer-term SLR compliance that could go into a decision in 2016 around prefs, and I just, I – not knowing those parameters, I can't say definitively, but obviously we plan to give an update here in – at the beginning of 2016.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Brian. It's Mike. First of all, related to the net interest margin, the low 120s basis points, Brian, that I was mentioning in answer to the earlier question is approximately where we are right now. So we reported an overall NIM of 95 basis points. If we strip out the excess deposits and some other near-term items on the balance sheets like higher CD levels and look at, instead, the net interest margin on what we believe to be the long-term balance sheet, which includes the operational deposits and, again, more normal levels, we basically calculate a NIM today in the low 120s basis points. And as I was answering earlier, I think, to Ken's question, that could grind down further by, say, another 25 basis points or so. Or it could increase further or another 30 basis points, 35 basis points or so, depending upon where market interest rates go over the next few years. So your second question was around the excess deposits. On our historical method for calculating excess deposits, which we've given you now for the last couple of years. We estimate that our average excess deposits dropped for average Q3 versus Q2 by approximately $16 billion. So a drop from $62 billion on average at Q2 to $46 billion on average for Q3. But much like what Jim Mitchell was asking about, we would expect if the deposit level simply stay where they are today, that would drop further in Q4 because we will pick up in Q4 the full average. Now I cannot emphasize enough, Brian, that that does assume that there is no significant change in the external environment, and we are very sensitive to the fact, for example, that the last time there was a debt crisis we saw a huge inflow of deposits. So there is certainly other factors out in the environment that could change that. But basically, if nothing else changed in the quarter relative to where things are today, we would see another similar type of drop in the excess deposits in Q4. And then your last question around the regulatory expenses. We declined giving a specific number, Brian, because I just think there is so much art rather than science that goes into estimating all in regulatory expenses. Obviously we track very closely very specific regulatory initiatives like CCAR compliance, but we know that there's upward pressure throughout the organization in terms of first line of defense, second line of defense, corporate audit et cetera, that are – at least largely a function of the higher regulatory expectations worldwide. So I'd prefer not to give a specific number there.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, I would add, Alex, that first of all Jay is right. If you adjust for the higher regulatory expenses and the lower net interest revenue from the grind in interest rates we have in fact expanded margins along the lines of, actually a little more than the $625 million that we reported as IT and ops transformation. So the only piece I would add to Jay's answer is that I think importantly, Alex, is the relationship between the fee revenue and the expenses. So, and we've talked about this before. In an environment where fees are growing at 5% say, and again, there's some help from markets in there, there's some help from flows in there, there's some help from market-driven revenues like FX trading revenues. Then we do in fact expect to have that outpace our expenses in a normal period of time. Obviously, that is measured over a longer period of time than just one quarter in any given quarter. For example, Q3 was a good example of that where there is a sharp contraction in markets, particularly like we saw in emerging market equity levels then that relationship won't always hold. But again given the success also we had with the first IT and ops transformation program, I would hope that we built credibility with you in terms of our ability to translate these kinds of programs into our overall margins all things equal.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Ashley. First, on the revenue side, at this point, and I acknowledge that things can change in the future, at this point, I don't expect other second order impact from the deposit actions other than the lost NIR on the excess deposits themselves. So at this point, again, we're not expecting, for example, to lose client relationships over this. Although, again, it's something we're very sensitive to and that's why we've taken the measured approach that we have. And as it relates to the hedge fund and private equity deposits, as we've talked about before, while historically, a chunk of those have – we've considered to be operational deposits because they are in fact a part of the normal operations and part of the custody relationship. And we do believe to be sticky, they don't count under the LCR rules as being operational deposits. So a portion of those we've seen decline, so a portion of the excess deposits for those clients are included in the deposit reduction that I've mentioned. But as you would expect, a portion have remained sticky, and we do expect that they will remain sticky going forward. And we'll continue to look at the all-in economics of those relationships, but expect them to be sticky.
Michael W. Bell: Vivek, it's Mike. First of all, you're asking the kinds of levels of detail that we intend to cover as part of our Investor Day presentation, and I suspect we'll give some overview on the Q4 call. So I just think it's better laying out the entire plan to then talk about some of the specifics around things like equity market help or the market interest rate environment. I think that's better handled over the course of a multi-hour Investor Day than on this call.
Michael W. Bell: I'd rather not go into a huge amount of detail, but it's fair to say that we did have a processing error related to a significant once in many, many years, maybe a decades kind of class action situation. And so as a result, of course, we reimbursed the funds that were impacted so that it was our loss, not theirs.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, Geoff, what I would add is that remember this does build off the backbone of the IT and ops transformation program. So one of the infrastructures that was created as part of that is as we move to, for example centers of excellence and as we did the detailed process improvement at work from that program. As Jay indicated, we got very specific, very granular on our unit cost for providing different services along the chain. And as Jay indicated, the $500 million stems from a review of those different links in the chain, if you will, and how much we expect to save through critically applying additional technology to those various links. Again, the piece that is specifically we're going to focus on over the next three months will be the pacing and sequencing. So again, I know several of you are interested in, well what does that mean for 2016? And that is work that we need to do some additional vetting around. And then there will also be some additional investment cost, restructuring programs et cetera that we've got some additional detail to build up as well.
Joseph L. Hooley: And, Luke, let me just if I can since I know excess deposits such – is a meaningful question and issue in your minds. Let me just open that, widen that question a little bit. We've been on at least a year journey with our customers. And I think what's transpired through that is that, one, we've developed a very accurate sense of what's operational and what's excess. We define who the outliers are, we've engaged in conversation around those discussions. We have helped customers facilitate transition to money funds out of treasury products. And we've used fees in order to encourage the right behavior. And so regardless of whether we're at where we want to be in the fourth quarter, what's to me more important is that the dialogue is clear and open and we found a lever that is in charging fees on excess deposits, which I believe will allow us to control excess deposits and manage the size of our balance sheet more proactively going forward.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, let me attempt to take that one on, Glenn. The digitization plan which we're announcing today of approximately $500 million in savings over a four year to five year period should obviously help our ongoing goal of annual operating leverage. And all else equal, will improve the margin. If everything else was held steady, the margin would improve. We all know that markets are markets and rates are rates and we don't always control that, so in addition to demonstrating for you that this change will improve the margin, the other thing that we look at, probably more importantly internally, is we look at unit costs. When you apply technology to a manual process, we've got excruciating detail around the unit cost of all of the activities that we conduct and when you apply technology and reduce labor, couple things happen. One, you improve quality of the customers, you reduce risk, the operating risk that we talk about today. If you're automating, you're not going to have that kind of stuff. And importantly to all of us here, it reduced costs. So for me, it's looking at the unit costs and making sure that we're reducing those unit costs steadily over time. But again, everything else held constant, the margin should improve.
Joseph L. Hooley: That is separate. That is explicit to this quarters actions we took. The $500 million is incremental to the $50 million.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah. Let me take that one up, Betsy. As I referenced before, this is, I think, probably the most important thing we did was had an extended conversation with customers making sure they understood through our eyes what was excess and what was more burdensome from the capital return standpoint. Once we got there, the customers, they get it. They understand the capital pressure. So it was really then more a matter of what's the execution plan. We had some vehicles within State Street that we're able to utilize to offload or relieve some of those excess deposits. They also chose to use other vehicles. I think the pricing, which I would say in Europe ratchet up three or four times and the U.S. less so, was us feeling our way to determine at what level of cost to the customer for excess deposits, it created the right behavior. So the most important thing was transparency and openness of discussion, facilitating and helping them with alternative strategies for excess deposits, and then reinforcing that with the pricing mechanism, which I think ultimately that combination of things leaves us in a place where our customers appreciate and understand what we're going through and are trying to help us solve the overall issue. And leaves us with, I think, a mechanism in place, i.e. pricing, that should allow us to, within reason, manage the size of our balance sheet.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think I would say that, importantly, what we've done is establish some, I'll use the word control or some ability to influence those deposits. And as Mike mentioned, we set our target, which we achieved that target. I think going forward, the size of the deposit base and the burden on the balance sheet will be dictated by CCAR or other internal processes, our view of rates. So we think we're in a pretty good place right now not only from a standpoint of where deposits are but reiterating the importance of how we got there.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, let me give that a shot, Brian. The – I think it represents the inevitable endgame for this business, which is increasingly what we do even though we value some of the operational activities and pricing that we do at the end of the day. The value that the customer sees is the information and analytics that gets derived from all of the data and accounting that we do internally here. And that is impeded today for everybody by multiple systems, breaks, handoffs, reconciliations which causes an inherent delay in the information which lessens its usability. So not far into the future, I think we end up being the organization that delivers upstream analytics to portfolio managers, to risk managers, to compliance managers that provide that real-time insight into the information we hold on behalf of our customers. So that's where the puck's going. I think everybody is grappling with this in different ways. We have the good fortune, you could say good fortune or good management, to begin with common systems. And so the common systems that we had going into the business opts and IT transformation program allowed us to look at the common processes, which are many, go through a lean or Six Sigma type analysis, optimize those processes, form centers of excellence, leverage places like Poland, China, India for a low-cost location. And that's where we are today. So we run common systems. We've got common processes. The next leg of that is to automate from an end to end basis when a trade comes into the organization, all the way through and out the back end. How that marries up with where the puck's going is that if you can do that, then that information becomes real-time – all the processing that goes on and the information we deliver back up to front offices of our customers – is much more valuable than it is today. And if you were to visit with any asset owner, any asset manager, and ask them what's on their top three list of challenges today, it's aggregating data on a real-time basis for insights, for portfolio management, risk management, and compliance. And we aim to be the organization to get there. And you can't get there unless you take these steps that I just outlined. And I would say from a standpoint of where we are from a leadership standpoint, common systems, common processes, leveraging emerging markets all over the world. And the next big step is to digitize end-to-end those activities. I think we're out in front of everybody with regard to that. And I think we've got the right vision and view. And this is just saying we're going to further accelerate the execution to make sure that we deliver on an organization that's better situated for where the future opportunities are, and an organization that will continue to be a cost leader from a standpoint of those core activities that we conduct.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, I wouldn't quite jump to the 200 basis points because again, I think that was a 2015 objective. Which did include by the way some productivity benefits, which have helped us offset some of the upward pressure on regulatory expenses.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, Alex, I would say that, I mean, if you would call them levers it's probably three things. Its full transparency with customers with specificity around our objective, which translating into from a customer standpoint, they don't always know what excess is. So by putting some point targets that we're trying to solve for is point one. Point two is, second set of levers is what buckets do they have or we have to shed some of these deposits. So some of those are our buckets whether it's money funds, some of those are their buckets whether moving into treasuries or other vehicles. And then the third part of the package is making sure that there's a fee incentive, which reinforces the right behavior that was not dropped on someone, but was introduced in a very measured way over time. So that the customer has the ability to help us manage our collective issue and I say that's the story. And I think going out at the way we went at it, I think was the right way to go at it. And it's more likely to create a more sustained outcome.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, I guess the only thing that I can think of, Adam, maybe by the nature of my hesitation here is it's not much. But I think about commodities and in particular, oil and some sovereign well funds that have downward pressure based on a $45 to $50 a barrel oil pricing and the need to continually fund ongoing operations. That's probably the place that it binds mostly. And I would say it's a discrete set of customers and important, but I'd say in the overall scheme of things, our exposure to commodity prices directly is not that material.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Let me start with ETFs and then I'll broaden it out. Our ETF strategy is, you know, we've come from a place where most of our – originally our business was more institutionally oriented and we're moving to a more retail oriented business, which requires that you hire wholesalers in those country and intermediaries in Europe in order to distribute that product. And we've made pretty big investments over the last 18 months to 24 months to increase our distribution salesforce in the U.S. And we're doing something similar in Europe. So the strategy is multifold. One, it's to – in addition to the institutional world orient towards the retail world, and with that, bulk up our distribution. And that distribution would be to financial planners, advisors, broker-dealers, private banks. And then the other leg of the strategy is really around on the product side. So you noted in the beginning of your comment that we've introduced quite a few products. The orientation of the new products that we're bringing to market have the characteristic of less pure beta, more involved strategies and therefore higher fees. So the one that I spiked out in my comments was the product we did with DoubleLine. We have several other products, one with Blackstone, bank loan fund. So we're orienting towards maybe more sophisticated and higher-yielding products. And the last point I would make is we have been open and continue to be open to package somebody else's investment expertise in our ETF structuring here and distributed through the distribution force that I just mentioned. I guess if I broaden the question out, the other main emphasis of the SSGA's strategy that I would put a bright light on is the whole solutions world, which for us 401(k) has been a big area of success over the last couple of years. Ron has a big history on that. And even more broadly just Packaging Solutions for not only institutional, but the retail world, And we think with our combination of beta in many flavors, ETF's vehicles, that we're well positioned to succeed in both the ETF and the solutions world.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah. I appreciate the question. Broadly, we have been – even though we don't talk about it a lot on these calls. We haven't lost our way with regard to continuing to invest in things that will be the future growth drivers of the business. The one I like to point to, enhanced custody. Four years or five years ago, a vision that took a couple of years for it to incubate. And now, as you know, it's driving most of the growth in our securities lending business. That's one example. There are several examples around. But if I go to the third pillar of the strategy, the data and analytics business, which we launched I think two years ago now. There are several strategies that we're focused on there. At the core, it's this data aggregation piece. So if we're dealing with an asset manager or an asset owner, the ability to aggregate up data not only our own data but data from other sources through a data warehouse, cleanse it, make sure that it's available real-time, is the foundational stage of that business. And then on the back of that, risk tools. We recently introduced a stress testing tool for fund products where it's really a big data application where we see subscription and redemption history. We know the characteristics of the underlying funds. We can predict or allow a customer to predict how much liquidity is required given the likelihood of redemptions. Interestingly, the SEC and increasingly the other regulators are leaning into the asset management industry to get more sophisticated about liquidity stress testing and fund products. So that converges nicely with that. That's just one example Ashley, but it's clear as day to me that the future is going to be defined by who wins that space, who can digitize their data and who can develop those analytic products that are the value-add to customers in addition to all the custody and operational activities that we conduct.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, I – in some respects, Vivek, it doesn't matter the asset type, the asset class, the geography. To me, it's really reflective of this pretty cumbersome western world financial landscape that we've created. What we're talking about enhances the value of a passive fund, an alternative fund, a private equity fund. If we can move things through here without human touch it benefits everybody. To the point of – this is where the world is going. Not just financial services. Everybody's looking to digitize their environment and it's hard to do. And I think that – I think we have a huge benefit and that we're a large global company, but we've laid the foundation long ago, common systems, common processes to get there first and this, today's announcement is really a reflection of needing to pull it in so that we can get there first because of the, somewhat, the environment which puts pressure on cost. So I think it has the intended benefit of cost saves at the same time, it accelerates our product strategy and should make us more valuable counterparty to our customers.
Joseph L. Hooley: And, Geoffrey, I'd just say that the losses or gains get extreme scrutiny around here, not just to – there are two things to figure out what happened but also to make sure that it can happen again. And so we take great pride in our record of low operating losses. So when an event like this happens, we turned the place upside down to make sure that everybody understands what happened and why it won't happen again.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, thanks, Stephanie. I'd want to thank, everybody, for their questions and attention today, and we look forward to speaking with you after the fourth quarter. Thanks.
