Eric Aboaf: Alex, its Eric. Let me start on the deposits and just give you a little bit of texture on the trends, because I think that, that would help you. And obviously, the deposit levels move quite a bit. If you recall, back in fourth quarter, our deposit levels were about $165 billion in aggregate. And in January and February, they were literally just spot on to those averages. What started to change was the surge we saw at the beginning of March. And so, if we just think about the first half of March, we're running at about $185 billion of average total deposits. The second half of March spiked to $235 billion, and that together is what got us to a -- drove the higher averages for the quarter. And I think you saw our end-of-period print was north of $250 billion. And we literally operated at that level of deposits for about a week at the very end of the quarter. In terms of today, they’ve been running somewhere around $200 billion, $210 billion, so still hefty and I'll call kind of risk off levels. We're seeing that flight in [[h] quality and we're certainly there to support our clients. We do expect them to ebb down. And I think the question is, what's the pace of that? Do we get a resurgence or not? But there's a range of scenarios. What I would say is that the deposits now are a facilitation, a way for us to facilitate the needs of our clients, right? We're there for them on overdrafts, we're there for them on deposits, we're there for them on repo, we're there for them on supporting them at the Fed facilities, and I think we're delighted to do that as much as possible. In terms of the capacity, as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we've got ample capacity at these levels of deposits to support our clients. You see our capital ratios, whether it's the SLR, post the April 1 change is quite high. And that can -- that's at -- on a reported -- on the new basis were about 7% against the 5% level. You see Tier 1 leverage. We still ran well this quarter, and that's against a 4% minimum. So, there's certainly some range. There's not unlimited range, but our perspective is that, if deposits stay in the asset levels that they are at today, the kind of $200 billion to $210 billion that's quite comfortable for us and we're here to do what we need to for our clients.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. Alex, its Eric. So the quarterly revenues are always lumpy, and I'll just remind you that for a midsized client will bring in when it's on an on-premise basis, potentially $5 million, $10 million in a potential installation when it goes live. The smaller clients obviously, are $1 million, $2 million, $3 million. And so you can see, on a base of $100 million, you've got -- we could see big swings in growth rates, positive or negative. So I wouldn't read too much into that. What we have done is started to think through the likely revenues for the business this year. And this business in contrast to our servicing fee business, has more on-site kind of work that needs to be done. If there's on-site sort of co-development to integrate our platform within asset managers, there's professional services billings that also go with that. So, between the professional services billings just being slowed down with work from home, and then the go-live dates likely to be pushed out. I don't think there'll be -- we don't expect them to not be there, but we do expect some lengthening of those go-live dates. We're now looking at revenue growth at about 5%, 6%. We said mid-single-digits as opposed to the low-double-digits that we had expected this year. And we think that's mostly going to be around timing as opposed to underlying performance. The pipeline in CRD specifically is healthy. It's continued at the levels that it had been just a few months ago. And the interest in securing mandates from our clients, we think, it's actually as strong as ever.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, its Eric. I think you've got the right frame of mind on the loan book, so a modest-sized loan book which is 10% of our total assets. And it's pretty diversified both across categories and then within categories. So, fund finance, as you mentioned, is primarily capital call finance loans with recourse to some of the largest in premier investors in the world, where -- that's a pretty attractive business area for us and one that's grown nicely. Leverage loans is an area that we -- obviously, in this environment, we'll spend a little extra time and I'll come back and talk about that in a moment and then commercial real estate overdraft munis are pretty straightforward. You are right to hypothesize that more than a majority of the reserves for our book is for the leverage loan book. And the reason we're reasonably comfortable with this book, do not have to say that things won't happen on an individual name here or there, is that it tends to be an upmarket book. Average rating is about BB as opposed to the average in the index is single B. And it's -- literally, the center of gravity is quite different. We've been tracking the market prices for this book. This book tends to have market prices as we've seen some change in the market to be six, seven points better than the typical -- than the average leverage loan index. So, it's performed well so far. And it's pretty well diversified. There aren't any particularly unusual exposures. There's not much oil and gas in it. So, we're -- we think it'll operate well during this time period. But I guess at the end of the day, it's a relatively high-grade version of leverage lending, and it's only $4 billion. And so we think it's -- it'll perform well and will just be a piece of the broader picture for the company.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, its Eric. I think you said it right. I won't repeat the five-letter word you use. But prevailing interest rates at the Central Bank, if you think of IOER as a benchmark are remarkably low, right? They're at 10 basis points. So, if you think about it, whether we taken a deposit at zero or taking a deposit at one, there's very little spread there. And so the value of the deposits, while they're there for -- they're there on our balance sheet, and we can lend against them, we can use them to support our other books, they're transient, by and large. And the value is small relative to what it's been. If you think back to the first quarter, on average, first quarter deposits were worth roughly 100 basis points. Just think about the cost of funds versus the IOER rate. In the second quarter, we expect deposits across the spectrum to be worth a fraction that closer to 10 basis points. So, it's just in an order of magnitude difference. And so, while we'll have -- we may have a surge or higher levels of deposits, we'll not be particularly renumerative this time around.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Brennan, it's Eric. Let me give you a little bit of texture perhaps on what's included in the $13 billion of fund finance, and how we think about it. And you can imagine, over the last month, between finance and our risk organization and our business teams, we spent extra time. And heightening our oversight and monitoring. But let me describe for you what we have there, and kind of how we think about the -- each of those books and maintaining the quality that we like. So, within fund finance, the largest piece is capital call financing. That's literally lines to some of the premier investors around the world, and that's done on a -- that's been allocated on a fund-by-fund basis. But the work that was goes on behind the scenes is that, each of those funds as a set of investors behind it. And what we need to do is maintain a diversified group of leads to those investors. And we want to avoid all concentration. So, there's a lot of work that gets done as we grow that book to make sure that there aren't any unknown concentrations or the concentrations are all within limits, on a literally an investor-by-investor basis, because that's where we have recourse. So, that's the primary approach on the capital call financing. The next piece within fund finance is the 40 Act liquidity funds that -- these are the funds that can have a certain amount of leverage. They're very well described, I think, in the 40 Act rules and they have limits on the amount of leverage they can. And there, the monitoring is what the asset pool? It's effectively a version of margin lending. What's the underlying asset pool? What are the line sizes? How do we constrain those appropriately and have our limit structures? And then there is literally the daily monitoring of that leverage in that margining. So, that's pretty straightforward in some sense. But, just like you say, you never say, never. And so, there's extra oversight in these volatile times to measure and to monitor the underlying collateral literally on a daily basis, as you'd expect. And then the smallest piece within fund finance is the BDCs. It's just over $1 billion. It tends to be BDCs with BBB pools of underlying loans. And so there, it's about diversification of the BDCs. They tend to be from some of the most premier alternative asset manager providers, right? Some of our largest clients because that's who we're trying to support there. And there, it's about a set of size limits and ongoing monitoring. So, that's maybe a little bit of texture. I think like I guess the frame of reference I'd give you is each of these a little different, and each of these have a different level of monitoring. And the process now, I think, like any bank, but ours is kind of simpler and more vanilla than most banks is to see if there're any -- if margin changes more than expected, occasionally you get questions around the possibility of adjusting covenants, and that's -- that quickly escalates. So that we have to make sure that how we react to those proactively and consciously. And sometimes we grant those and sometimes we grant those and actually ask the borrower to reduce their leverage or their -- or our exposure to -- our exposure to them. And so there's a -- I'd say there's a very natural set of actions that we use, both on a monitoring and intervention basis on an ongoing basis. But let me pause there with at least that texture.
Eric Aboaf: I'd just add that we're also -- obviously, these -- the revenues this year are based on the of bookings and the wins from last year by and large, I think about the installation process. And so far, I think we've been pleased with the continued implementation. Our onboarding team has been active through the end of March on-boarding some sizable clients on schedule. April, we've -- we're halfway through April and have visibility of the rest of the month and are not seeing any unusual or major delays. And so for the time being and I think if we could get through March and April, the -- that will bode well. But the previously one business tends to be installed on schedule because it needs to be, right? You've got the previous provider who needs to come off. You've got a lot of preparation that's been done. And so, so far, we've actually seen good progress or good continuity on the onboarding side, which is important because that's when the revenues tend to begin to be accrued.
Eric Aboaf: Ken its Eric. Yes, that's for the rest of the year, primarily in the second quarter. I gave you a large range, because it's also highly dependent on short rates, right? If the overnight repo rates are one or two basis points or six or seven or 10 or 11, you literally -- you could go from zero to the -- to what could be the upper end of that range. But that would have been for the rest of the year, and it would be primarily in the second half.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Betsy its Eric. The opportunity set is broad and it's a set of initiatives that we had underway. And in the spirit of -- when things are tougher, you've got to act more dramatically, is I think the theme that I share with you. So, if you think about the different areas of our expense base, the compensation benefits line won't be as much of a tailwind as we've, I think, made a very conscious and appropriate choice on protecting our people. But if you think about the expense base, that's only about half of the expense base. And even within the compensation benefits line, for example, there are contractors, there's significant amount of contractors that we employ. And if you think about it, if we're going to end up with a larger employee workforce than we expected, right? Contractors could be an area that we -- where we adjust. So, it's that kind of action. Occupancy is another natural one, whoever thought that you could run a company at a 80% or 90% work from home, but it does give us a real perspective as we have lease rollovers or where we might have been planning on taking additional leases, and there's always a role instead of either potential exits or ads that you're doing as you load balance. You can imagine, we've got lease ads on a complete moratorium. And where we had rollovers, you can imagine, we're now starting to move in the opposite direction and say, hey, why can't I let this space go? And when employees do come back, I want all my employees back, but we clearly have more flexibility than we ever would. So, that's another example. Third one might be around all the other expenses in technology, there's software, there's hardware purchases, et cetera. While our teams are spending time on supporting clients and literally hourly daily basis, it's also a natural time for us to slow some of our purposes of capital equipment or software, doesn't say we won't come back and naturally think about outspending some of that in the future, but it does mean that we can slow some of those purchases because it's -- we've shifted some of our time and energy to more immediate situation as opposed to some of the medium term investments. So, I think that's the other one, which is the -- kind of the reinvestment. We'll naturally slow to some extent. And if you remember the chart we did at the fourth quarter earnings call in January, we showed expenses down 1%. Now, we're saying down 1% to 2%. But within that, there was 3% or 4% increase in investments of expenses due to investments and 4% to 5% decrease going in the other direction. And so part of what we're doing is also, I think, being more disciplined about those reinvestments that we're doing now and pacing them.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. Let me -- Brian, let me take those in order. So on the average balance sheet, you're right. The non-U.S. deposit costs fell, they were minus four basis points or minus 20 basis points. It's literally the effect of the FX swaps, which are diagrammed out in the footnote on that page. I think it's page seven of the financial addendum. And as well as some modest reductions in interest rates in foreign jurisdictions, right? Some of the European and Asian central banks drop rates, and so that will flow through that line as well. In terms of the NII that we reported in first quarter, we did note that there was about $20 million of higher-than-usual NII separate from the deposits. The deposits for welcome and additive NII. But away from deposits and loans and investments, the $20 million was really split into two. About half of that was literally the hedging effect that goes through. We hedge either debt or the rate coupons on some of the loans, and that creates a mark-to-market as you've got changes in the debt market. So it's worth about half of the $20 million. And the other half was actually some good positioning that we took in the quarter with the influx of deposits and in particular dollar deposits, we were dollar rich. Dollars were quite valuable. And so we -- the treasury team did quite well to invest those in either yen or euros. They're kind of one and two-day overnight basis swaps and that was renumerative to us. And at the same time, it was helpful to either clients or counterparties in those foreign jurisdictions who were $1 poor and needed some of the access to the dollars that we could provide. So those were the two components of the $20 million. Finally, on the deposits, what I did say to one of the earlier questions is the value of deposits has changed significantly in P&L terms. I mean, the value of deposits always high on a balance sheet basis and not that we needed more deposits. But we were happy to accept them from our clients. The point that I made is that the level of deposits in the first quarter and then last year were a big -- had a large impact to NII, because the kind of typical deposit. Let me kind of use that in very broad swap might have been worth 100 basis points, think about the cost we would have paid on average for the deposits, saying in the U.S., versus the IOER rate at the Fed. That would be kind of a simple approximation. If you fast forward in, say, in April or in second quarter, how valuable is that same mix of U.S. deposits? It's much less. It's closer to 10 basis points. And why is that? It's because our cost of funds -- the cost of those deposits to us could be zero or one basis points or two or three. But we reinvest them at IOER rates of 10 basis points. And so what we effectively had is a very large change in the value of incremental deposits between kind of the pre the Fed moves and then post Fed move. So, that was the point I was making. So the profit will matter a little bit to NII in the -- going forward, but not nearly as much as they would have mattered in the past.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. The end-of-period balance sheet is a good starting point for -- to follow-up on that question. And here's how I'd frame it. I think the MMLF balance is, we're at about $27 billion at the end of the reporting period on March 31. And they've been in that range, I mean, plus/minus a few billion dollars has we've been in that range for the first two weeks of April. And then deposits, which had spiked to just over $250 billion or probably closer to $200 billion to $210 billion.  So it's really the deposit -- the reduction in deposits that are adjusting the balance sheet down by call it, $50 billion end of period relative to what we saw. There will be a few other smaller movements. Overdrafts have continued to float back down to more traditional levels, the mark on the forwards and the FX books have started to revert. So, there's a few billion here or there and a couple of other areas, but the biggest one is the guidance, I gave on deposits coming down by about $50 billion from the end-of-period levels, will be the biggest change so far that we see.
Eric Aboaf: Steven, its Eric. There are a number of factors that you've got to assemble to really predict the path of NII. And in our 10-K, we tend to assemble them all together. And the securities portfolio is just one of them. If you think about the average duration of our balance sheet, you are right. The securities portfolio has an average duration of 2.6, 2.7 years. But the rest of the asset side of the balance sheet is actually much more floating rate. And remember, the securities portfolio is ex the MMLF to keep it simple is call it, just shy of $100 billion out of a $250 billion typical balance sheet. So it's an important piece, but it's not the only piece. The effect of that is that the average duration of the asset side of the balance sheet that we have is about 1.3 years, so about half of the duration of the securities portfolio. And it's that -- and that shorter net asset or the lower duration of the total asset side of the balance sheet is what creates a re-pricing that tends to be a little faster than you would have expected by just thinking about the investment portfolio. So, as we've played that through our models and, obviously, in our models, there are a lot of different factors, but those two are important ones. You see a step down from first quarter to second quarter that's significant. I gave an indication of that. We see another step down, but not as large in percentage terms from second quarter to third quarter. And then starting in the fourth quarter, you see a fair amount of stability between fourth quarter and then our guesstimates of what we might see in the first and second quarter of 2021. And part of that is that you've got the interest rate effects playing out. Then you've got some natural balance sheet growth, which creates a bit of a tailwind. And so once we get through the bulk of the interest rate effect, which happens in the first couple of quarters, the headwinds and the tailwinds tend to roughly even out, which is why we think we'll see some stability from the fourth quarter onwards.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, the -- I'm trying to think about a good way to describe that to you. So, our investment portfolio yield right now is about just over 2%. And that will -- that's been -- that floated down just marginally, but that's because rates fell quickly towards the very end of the quarter. If I think about reinvestment levels in the portfolio, I guess we could talk about new investments, what's rolling off. There's a lot of ins and outs of that. Maybe the better way to describe it is that the average yield on the portfolio is about 2% on average for first quarter. If we start to think about what's the average yield in second quarter and maybe in the third and fourth quarter, we're closer to about 1.5% kind of roughly if I eyeball what the averages will look like. And that will be driven by the new roles being added and the old roles coming off. But that's probably a good rough amount, a good rough estimate for you.
Eric Aboaf: Steve its Eric. So, a couple of perspectives there some of which you touched on and others, which I'll add. I think first, we added to a reserve about $35 million. So, the reserve was up about one-third. And I think when I scanned across peers, you saw reserve increases of anywhere between 30% and 50% on corporate books. So, I think we're -- we made the right upward adjustment just given what we do at the time and what our forecasts were as of March 31. In terms of comparing the reserves to say, the CCAR losses, either the Fed model or our own models or to loans, I think that's where the mix of the loan book is in -- at all those ratios is incredibly sensitive to the mix of the loan book. If you think about it, our fund finance loans and one could go back to the last crisis, the 2008 crisis, performed particularly well. And so we've got to factor that into our reserving. And what I would say is that the reason the fed both does its math on estimated losses under CCAR and then asks us to do our math, is not just to say, hey, there will be a natural bid ask, but it is to reflect the different nature of the books. If you think about it, I think the Fed spent an enormous amount of time as you would expect on what is the typical mid-market corporate lending book going to result in, in terms of losses? Or what's the typical credit card book that it's -- and how will it perform under stress? I would think that, while they have extensive modelers, they probably spent a little less time on our fund finance to capital call line book just because it's small and it's not widespread around the industry. So, I would at least say that in our particular circumstances, the company run stress tests that you've been referencing are in our mind is a good indicator of credit under stress and May. But I'll be sensitive to it because all models are informative, maybe a bit more indicative than some of the Fed models just because they tend to be much more averaged across more kind of a non-custodial set of banks.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Rob, it's Eric. I'd just add that pricing has been a natural part of this custody business for decades. And what we're doing in the disclosure on the slide deck is literally given you for servicing fees, what's the very transparent roll forward and net new business flows and client activity, which were up this quarter actually was a tailwind, market appreciation and depreciation and then pricing going the other way. So, it's just part of our natural disclosure now and on a going-forward basis. But as Ron said, we expected a certain amount of pricing to come through during this year at that kind of 3% level, so down from the 4% headwinds we saw last year. And we're -- everything we're seeing suggests that we're on track for that currently and it will be -- it will moderate from last year's levels, so in line with what we currently expect.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard its Eric. I think the answer is an easy yes to both of those. So we tend to be a participant in a set of syndicates with the other large banks and work closely with them. We'll occasionally, but we tend to be a participant at the table. And we tend to operate within syndicates of sister banks that we feel when they lead are very thoughtful about credit and credit appetite because it's not just a particular loan, but it's the covenants, it's the terms and conditions that matter. And so the choice we make of which syndicates to join, and which lead banks to partner up with is important. So -- but that tends to be our position to participate. And then absolutely, we participate in the SNC reviews and SNC tests. And so that's a way for us to, I think, for the industry and for our supervisors to make sure that we evaluate credit consistently. I think what's helpful about leverage loans is they're also traded in the marketplace. So, there's an external market benchmark, and that's -- they are external ratings. And oftentimes there are prices, but there's also the SNC review process. We participate in that. And so we feel like we've got a very good read into the quality and health and -- of our book. And as I mentioned, it tends to be double the average book with actually some BBBs and higher and just very few under the BB level.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. Gerard, let me give you a little bit of texture because if you think about our client base, it's asset managers, asset owners, alternative providers, insurance, a wide breadth. I think what we -- what we saw is that while they all tended to become more liquid and go to cash, and so we had some increase in deposits from across all those segments, the single largest area came from our asset managers. And sometimes, it was the asset managers who were running money funds and they were derisking those funds and then leaving the deposits with us. And sometimes it was just the asset managers running various funds that we custody for equity funds, bond funds, U.S., international, et cetera, where they were derisking within those funds and shifting to cash. And so those are probably the two different factors within asset management -- asset manager complexes. And it's that cash that's come back and sits on our balance sheet. And so I think part of what we're watching for is how quickly does that cash get reinvested versus how liquid do those managers want to stay, whether it's the kind of money market complexes they run? And so sometimes they stay in cash as opposed to even buying short and medium-term treasuries. Or how risk off some of the long players or even the alternative providers want to be. But those are the factors, and it was primarily around asset managers. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're delighted to make our balance sheet available to them, both on the -- as they have these flight to quality deposits or even operationally as we support them with overdrafts, because that's -- both of those are important parts of our business. In addition, even to some of the off-balance sheet activity, the sponsored repo and other facilitation that we provided, let's get another source of liquidity as well.
Ronald O'Hanley: Brandon, that's a really good question and a real hard one to answer with any conviction. But let me share with you how we're thinking about it from a forecasting standpoint and then some of the possibilities. From a forecasting standpoint, our view is, by May and June, absent any other dramatic changes to the environment, the FX volumes will normalize back to what they were pre-crisis. And then that those levels, pre-crisis, will be what we should expect in third quarter and fourth quarter. Now, I'm saying all that, assuming that we have stability in equity markets, bond markets, global markets, and that's hard to predict. And, obviously, any further deterioration of the health situation or the economic situation is going to push us right back to where we were. So, -- and we're not hoping for that, we're hoping just for the opposite for the quieting of the enormous disruption that we've seen. All that said, there is a range of outcomes here, not just from the pandemic and its economic impact on markets like we saw in March. If we have a repeat of that in the coming months, and we could see some higher volumes again. But there's also a set of, if you think about the rest of the year, set of events, right? We've got Brexit continuing in some ways. We've got U.S. elections. We've done a series of different elements, I think, political, economic, global, world trade is going to come back at some point, and we'll have -- we may have tensions there. And so it's hard for me to really predict. And so, we tend to try to be careful with our forecast in FX, in particular, knowing that there certainly could be some upside. But I think we'll all see it when it happens and can probably factor that in.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes, Ken, the -- I mean, the level of engagement remains high and has continued to be high, even during this last month, five weeks of -- with almost everybody in the world working from home. And in fact, a new very large situation developed right in the middle of all this that we've started to work through. I would say that the underlying themes remain the same with this idea of improving and lowering costs of the asset managers or the asset owners. Cost structure of improving their operations, trying to do an outsource of things that are not really critical to their investment, but critical to achieving better outcomes, both for their clients and for themselves. I think what's changed and what's been added to the consideration now is all of the operational stress that's been applied to these managers since then. Many, many managers were not prepared for work from home, and they certainly weren't prepared for a global work from home. So, we see that, if anything, providing another catalyst to these kinds of, what we consider, fundamental enterprise outsourcing. And you can see that it's playing through even in our new business. The line that we focus on is new business, plus business to be installed. And as you can see, the business to the installed number remains quite high. And that reflects the fact that the business, increasingly is less about just a single product and much more about multiple initiatives, multiple kinds of offerings that we have underway for our clients. And we think -- see this continuing. We see this -- the need and desire to outsource at the extreme. You'll have clients that just have antiquated systems or operations that need fundamental upgrading. At the other extreme and we've experienced this, too highly successful managers and asset owners that are saying, we can do this, but it's not a good use of our time, and we want to be able to scale and we want to work with a partner that could be there for us. So, we see this whole trend continuing and probably accelerating.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes, Ken. We should be clear. We make our own decisions on this. We are part of the forum. We talked forum and we considered it actually a very good move to make to instill confidence in the system and to -- remember this happened at a time where people were questioning whether or not banks would be there. And we -- I felt it was not going to be useful for us to not be part of this and to have more time spent on, why are the one or two outliers as opposed to the banks are committed to being there during the crisis. But we make our own decisions. You're right. We are very different, and our results will play out differently than credit intensive banks. So, the good news is that with the new rules that are being implemented, capital planning can be much more dynamic than it has been in the past. And we'll take advantage of that as the situation plays out. I mean, the realities are that it's still highly uncertain. You heard that -- and the environment is highly uncertain. You heard that reflected in the assumptions upon which we based our guidance to you. One could argue that we've been very conservative, but one could argue also that the situation could get a lot worse than what our -- what we put out there as a point estimate. That's exactly what we've done. We've given a point estimate within a wide range of potential outcomes. The market level one is the biggest one. And there the assumption is, is that average markets will be what they were at period end March. I mean, that's -- we're already much -- the spot levels are higher than that. So, we really don't know here, which is why going back to your question on capital, if this all plays out as we see, we believe we'll be in a position to distribute capital, but we think it's wise to be able to make that decision dynamically quarter-to-quarter.
Ronald O'Hanley: What I would add to Eric's comments or a couple. We have had underway, as you would know, a lot of work on process redesign and automation, and that work is not stopping, right? How we -- how and when we realize the benefits of it may change and be delayed, but the work is not stopping. And so -- and if anything, we're redoubling our efforts there. So, I would just note that we've got this moratorium, and we absolutely think it's the right thing to do. But our work, both in IT and operations, and then how we connect with our clients that remains -- we're working full speed on that. The other point I'd make on the leases is that I agree with your point that we probably won't be as dense for a long period of time, at least until there's a vaccine. But I think it's surprised everybody, not just at State Street, but elsewhere, how effective one can be in work from home. And I would have to believe that over the medium and long-term, that you'll see us having less space than we do today.
Ronald O'Hanley: We are. And that was always a natural financial benefit to us. So that's still underway for the end of 2022.
Ronald O'Hanley: Brian, let me take those two different, but related questions. On Charles River, we're still quite confident in the revenue and expense synergies. The expense ones are something we do as a matter of course. And you can imagine, we'll actually try to accelerate those a bit, but those are on track. And then on the revenue side, a good bit of those synergies are actually coming from some of our trading businesses as we plug-in our FX and securities lending and other markets activities into Charles River, and that's on schedule and moving along at pace. So, we're currently confident in our delivering on the synergies for Charles River. On the servicing side, as I mentioned, the client on-boarding has stayed on track in March and April and so as we think about the time line of that $1.1 trillion to be installed for the servicing business, we think that will play out during the year. If you recall, I've talked about those wins and some of those wins are fast to install, say something like custody. And others, where it's a mix of custody and accounting and, perhaps, some of the offshore cross-border products, those tend to take longer. When you add middle office, it takes even longer. And -- but those are all part of the standard course of business. And we don't, at this point, see a slowdown in the implementation on onboarding rates. And so far, our clients are eager to move forward. Because in some ways, remember that business that we won came with some fee adjustments. Clients are -- want to conclude on those and so they need to implement the service. And so those are now because they're paired up, I think we'll stay on track on both sides.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes, let me begin on that. I think that as Eric noted, we stand by the 2021 synergies that we laid out there. And I think what's happening here is that, the pipeline that Charles River would have seen versus the pipeline that it's seeing now is quite different. It tends to be larger, more complicated and sophisticated clients. It tends to be part of a multiproduct installation. So, what you're seeing is it's just taking longer to install and therefore for the part of the deal that gets credited to Charles River, it's just taking longer for that to happen. And in fact, you're seeing now in the current installations, two very large installations underway, one of which has been out there since before we acquired the firm and that's changed over time, and that's delayed the revenue recognition. So, over the long-term -- over the medium and long-term, do we believe that this business can grow faster under us than it was prior to us? Yes, we do.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes. We -- market share is a hard thing to measure in this business because nobody uses just 1 provider. But we have invested heavily over the past couple of years in this era of low volatility to build market share to show and demonstrate the clients, the capabilities that we have, and that really helped when it came time. And the team came through and the transactions occurred really difficult roles, period end roles that were going to be hard to execute, got done, and clients remember that. So, we think this market share that we've built will last for us. As Eric noted, what we saw was just immense volatility, an immense kind of move from risk-on to risk-off assets, including moves out of certain base currencies to others and all crisis driven. So if we see that again, then there's lots of bad news elsewhere. Will we likely see -- or could we likely see is maybe a better way to describe it, volumes higher than what we've seen in the 2018-2019 timeframe? Possibly, right? Because I think we'll be in an era of -- I mean, almost any forecast, one would have to believe has some level of heightened risk. The other thing too is, I mean, we saw our giant rotation out, particularly of emerging markets. I mean, at some point, there'll be a rotation back, and that tends to be also beneficial to us too. So, again, we gave you an estimate and we tried to be conservative here, recognizing the range of -- or the amount of uncertainty and therefore the range of possible assumptions. But there certainly is a case where one could expect to see not sustained levels, at least in our forecast that we saw in Q1, but levels above what we've seen in the prior four to eight quarters.
Ronald O'Hanley: Well, it's -- Mike, it can't be one or the other. But I would say that, particularly since we feel like over the last year, year-and-a-half, we've gotten a very good handle on our expenses, not just from an expense level, but how we manage those expense levels, how we manage the productivity. I think you will find that our tone and our actions are mostly around offense. Certainly, as it relates to clients, we have had unparalleled levels of client communication and client engagement. And if anything, the time in working from a home cause people to redouble and re-triple their efforts to be there to support clients. And that will pay off for years to come. So, we think that, in the short-term, we have to be protecting our employees, both their -- physically and mentally. And we think we've taken the appropriate actions there, but we don't think we've taken them at the expense of any kind of long-term opportunity creation for ourselves and our shareholders.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes. Well, certainly, in the short-term, that's what they're doing, right? I mean, it's -- you're seeing a giant push into cash, but at the levels that investors are getting paid and the amount of stimulus, first, monetary and increasingly fiscal that's going to be put in. Again, one person's opinion. I think that the more likely long-term trend is for risk assets, particularly equities to continue to provide superior returns. And in a period of uncertainty like this, which is not only uncertain, but previously unknown, you're not going to see as much in the short-term until there is more certainty. But all of the ingredients are in place, low -- lots of monetary stimulus, lots of cash in the system, low interest rates, to see a return to risk on at the appropriate time.
Ronald O'Hanley: Yes. So -- and probably China, our Hangzhou operation is a great example of what we can expect worldwide. We started -- we were given the go-ahead to start returning employees there back in the middle of March. And we're now back up to about 75% -- between 75% and 80% back to work. And we've actually metered that. We -- as we've noted earlier, we have not densified the office as much. We've put -- we've got testing facilities on the way in. Initially, people were wearing mask. And now you're seeing a much more normal working environment. And I think that will stay for as long as there's not another outbreak. What we're seeing elsewhere, in Asia is, not quite as fast to return to work. But -- but you're also seeing guidelines kind of ebb and flow, as you see periodic outbreaks. And I think that's probably what we're going to live with around the world. I don't think this will be a straight-line recovery, in terms of whether it's back to work or back to gatherings. I think that there will be periodic outbreaks. Businesses and governments will need to respond to those. They're not going to respond in the same way, if the lessons from Singapore and Hong Kong or anything they'll be very targeted guidelines. For example, in Singapore, they just recently limited restaurants, again, but they didn't send everybody home from work. So, I think that's what you can expect to see, if you will, a steady recovery back over time. But with some lumpiness along the way as there are outbreaks, until we get to a -- until we get first to testing, and then to widespread availability of vaccines.
Ronald O'Hanley: Why don't I start, Eric? In terms of -- I'll start with your second question -- on the second part of your question, Eric will answer the first. We have spent a lot of time with our clients. Remember, we've got a fairly concentrated book of business. Our 100 largest clients constitute a big portion of the total. And we're through 80-plus percent of that, we've gotten term out of a lot of them. But more importantly, we've just learned how to do this better than we have in the past. So, while, for sure, our clients will be under their own sets of stress as a result of this, we are not anticipating a heightened level of price compression. Part of it is that it's a given -- if you think about the way that we're remunerated in a client relationship, a part of that is NII and they can see as well as we can that that is -- that the source of return is going away. So, we think it's reasonable to assume that the pricing, as we've said before, will -- pricing pressure is abating, that it will continue to abate and level out at a normal level, which is -- it's not going to go away, but it will be a normal level as opposed to what it's been over the past couple of years and nothing that we've seen this year so just anything different on that.
