Mike Bell: Okay. So, that’s helpful Brian. I’ll handle both of those. First, in terms of your question on the market assumptions, candidly Brian, given all the uncertainty in the market environment, I am really reluctant to give you at this point a concrete forecast and that’s why we didn’t include that in the prepared remarks and in the slide presentation. I am sure it's not lost on you that the equity markets thus far in January for example are down high single digits and the emerging markets even worse. And particularly with our mix of business that would be a serious headwind. So instead we’re really focused on achieving overall fee operating leverage in 2016 and we recognize that that would be more challenging if in fact equity markets remain uncooperative for the rest of the year. But we’re focused on as Jay said what we can control. We feel good about the Beacon savings that we’ll get in 2016. We recognize that there is some upward pressure on the regulatory expenses but we think that will be at a lower rate than what it's been in the last -- in 2015. And so we’re really looking at managing really every expense dollar. And that really relates to your second question, which is, in terms of our overall expense growth plan, it will be largely dependant upon fee revenue. We intend to manage expenses at a lower rate than what our fees grow. And again it will be more challenging if the environment is difficult but that’s our plan and that’s why we’re looking at every area of expenses, we’re looking at management layers, we’re looking at procurement, we’re looking at outside consultants, we’re looking at real estate, we’re looking at low return businesses. I mean really we’re looking at the entire spectrum with a goal of getting to that positive fee operating leverage for full year 2016.
Mike Bell: Sure, Brian, the additional color that I would give you is it's important to note that the $75 million is intended to be a net number in terms of our operating expense impact in full year 2016 compared to operating expenses in full year 2015. So the bottom line is gross savings will be higher than $75 million, but there will be some net spending which in particular is very helpful to position us to get some additional savings in 2017 and 2018, which is even higher than what we'll deliver in 2016. So the spending I would expect to hit to impact Q1, and I agree with Jay, the savings in 2016 will mainly begin in Q2 and ramp throughout the year. So I expect a little bit of a bubble in Q1 and then net savings beginning in Q2 and accelerating through the remainder of the year.
Mike Bell: Sure, Glenn. So first of all in terms of the repositioning of the investment portfolio, you are correct that we have skinnied down in particular the floating rate assets that are -- had been denominated in U.S. dollars. And the reason for that is the same thing that we've talked about on earlier calls in 2015 and that is, those are primarily asset backed securities and they are relatively low spread assets compared to for example U.S. treasuries. They also don't get counted as favorably as U.S. treasuries do and they're treated relatively harshly in CCAR because if you recall at the last financial crises, spreads blew out for those assets and therefore the mark-to-market under the CCAR stress test is particularly unfavorable. So the U.S. dollar based floating rate securities in particular are -- I would characterize it is as the least attractive of the portfolio assets that we're on the books say a year ago. So that's been the major driver of wanting to move away from those assets. And in terms of your question on the rate sensitivity, again we look at the interest rates sensitivity through several different lenses and I feel very comfortable there has been no change in our philosophy. We continue to invest through the cycle. Again, we're working to optimize against a number of different regulatory expectations and constraints, but I would characterize it as no material change in our thinking around interest rate sensitivity.
Mike Bell: Yes, Glenn, I think that's fair. We are going to provide an update at the February Investor Day around the longer term NIM ranges including static, including ideally getting to something like a 3/5 long-term interest rate structure. I think the main pivotal point Glenn though is that I want to make this morning is that we do expect that the Beacon savings will fall to our bottom lines. We expect that the Beacon savings will be additive to profit margins. So when we say all else equal, we know that there will be other things going on in the world that are impacting margins. I think that you've mentioned NIR. NIR obviously can be separately highlighted and analyzed. But the bottom line, most pivotal comments that we're making is, we do expect the Beacon savings to be additive.
Mike Bell: Sure Ken, I appreciate the question. First, let me just comment on your first piece, because I think it was a very important point and that is, as you can imagine for CCAR, reducing our excess deposits by approximately $36 billion over the second half of 2015 is particularly helpful for us going into CCAR. And obviously we don’t have the CCAR instructions yet, the specifics around the stress test. But any way you slice it, we’re really pleased with the progress that we made and we feel good about the position we’ll be in for the next CCAR, particularly relative to what we would have been in if we hadn’t reduced the deposits. On your specific question around the income, both income majors are very relevant. The net income major is relevant and also the operating income is relevant. First the operating income really represents Ken our best estimate of what our run rate earnings are. So, if you think about what the next three or four years are going to be, the operating income is what we think of as the starting point ideally to grow then over the next several years. So I think that’s a very important data point for the upcoming CCAR. Having said that, net income obviously impacts capital, and so left to only that one issue, the restructuring charges or the FX settlement charges that we took in the first and second quarter of 2015 or even this out of pocket issue, all of that decreased capital essentially dollar for dollar, which is why it's very important for us to be managing capital as aggressively as we can. Because at the end of the day what we believe to be our binding constraint is actually our overall capital ratios and in particular the next CCAR test will show what does that capital position look like under the stress test. So that’s maybe a longer winded answer than you may have been looking for, but the bottom line is both of those income numbers matter, because the operating income will be more predictive or we expect to be more predictive of what our future income will be. But the net income impacts the capital position that we’re sitting here with today dollar for dollar.
Mike Bell: So, Ken first to answer your factual question, we estimate that under our historical methodology our excess deposits averaged approximately $26 billion in Q4. Now as we’ve talked about before, that’s the historical definition under the LCR rules, some of what we’ve thought of as operational deposits no longer account so at some point we’re going to flip over to a definition of non-operational deposits that for example would include deposits we have with hedge funds and private equity relationships. And even though those are normal operations with our custody relationships there, for LCR purposes they are accounted as non-operational. But to answer your question factually $26 billion versus our average at Q2 was $62 billion, so a $36 billion reduction there. On your question on the -- are we going to push harder and what about the issue around prefs. First of all, Ken the short answer would be that we’re really pleased with what we’ve accomplished. And this has not been a trivial exercise. This is an issue that’s a sensitive one for a number of our clients. And so the fact that we feel good that we got to a win-win with our clients after all these discussions, we think that got us to a real good point. So I would say at this point we don’t feel compelled to drive more off of the balance sheet relative to where they were for example in Q4. But it is something that we’re going to monitor carefully. It is something that’s subject to market conditions. The situation in Europe for example is just not helpful at all. I mean with the ECB cutting to minus 30, talking about possibly cutting further, credit spreads have come in dramatically in Europe because of their quantity of easing. So, for all those reasons, I think we have to continue to monitor this but at this point I feel good about where we are. Now your question on prefs is one of those I can’t yet answer fully, because we don’t have the CCAR stress test. I mean obviously we’re in a much better position but until we see the dynamics around that stress test and go through that modeling over the next 60 days. I am just not in a position to give you an estimate at this point.
Mike Bell: Luke, it's Mike. We certainly factored in what we know about markets as of today, and I think deep down we feel like there's more opportunity for improvement over the course of the year, but I think the most important thing is that we are focused Luke on controlling expenses. The item that we can -- that's within -- best within our control. And we do expect, again barring a catastrophe in terms of further deterioration in markets to be able to get to that net all-in positive fee operating leverage for the full year. Now again it is something that -- because it is subject to market conditions, it's probably something that we want to update you on at the Investor Day in February, at each subsequent quarter our focus and Luke I guarantee the management team is really galvanized around this. Collectively our focus is to generate positive fee operating leverage for the full year.
Mike Bell: Luke we anticipate a small decline in the average earning assets over the course of the full year but I think the more important point is the point that you've just made, which is, in large part it will be a function of market interest rates and just overall market conditions. But our feeling is that if the Fed funds rate increases by an additional 50 basis points, if Bank of England increases by an additional 50 basis points, that a good chunk of those excess deposits that are remaining will naturally come off the balance sheet and we do expect growth in our core business. So we would expect some growth in the operational deposits from growth in our core business. But I would say net-net I would expect that the average earning assets to be modestly less by year end 2016. Now importantly if there is a crisis again God forbid, all bets are off, I mean we're on a safe haven in terms of crisis so hopefully that's not going to happen, but that would be another wildcard.
Mike Bell: Sure, Mike, it's Mike. I'll start and if Jay wants to add. I mean importantly Mike we want to get every dollar of positive fee operating leverage that we can in 2016 and we're committed as we talked about to aggressively managing expenses to work towards achieving that goal. But it's the point that you've made. I mean with equity markets off almost 10% and we're not even through January yet, it just seemed to us to be irresponsible to put a specific number out there even in light of how confident we feel in Beacon. So again as I said to a couple of the earlier questions, I mean sure this is something that we'll talk about through the course of the year, but it's not a question of lowering our expectations. It's being cognizant of the environment and focusing aggressively on what we can control.
Mike Bell: Well, it doesn't reflect for example expenses that I would expect to bring on to service the new business that we're winning out in the markets. So that's why I wouldn't stay away from just a raw expense number and it's going to largely depend upon our fee revenue growth. Since we're in the service business, we tend to need to bring on servicing capabilities to service new revenue. As I mentioned earlier as well the regulatory related expenses will likely increase, we don't think it will increase as much as they did in 2015. But that's why really Mike we're focused on fee operating leverage, positive fee operating leverage as being the overall goal, recognizing that the equity markets in January really make that a challenging objective.
Mike Bell: So in terms of the NIR ranges that we provided, it essentially assumes today’s foreign exchange currency rates. Now again we recognize that that's a wildcard and as an example if we look at full year 2015 versus full year 2014, we estimate that NIR was negatively impacted by $54 million as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar over the course of 2015. So, obviously I don’t expect that the U.S. dollar will strengthen further, at least at that kind of magnitude that we saw in 2015 but that would give you at least a sense of the magnitude if we had a repeat of that level of strengthening, that’s the ballpark that we can see as a additional headwind in NIR. Obviously if the euro turns around and it got stronger in particular that would be helpful.
Mike Bell: Sure. Brennan this is Mike. First it's the latter. The regulatory expenses -- regulatory related expenses we look at them as a separate category from Beacon, so I do expect that some piece, although certainly not all of it or anything, but some piece of the Beacon savings would be offset by the additional growth in regulatory related expenses that we expect for 2016. And as we have talked about in the past Brennan I am really reluctant to try to give a very specific number on regulatory related expenses. I just think that at this point it's truly embedded in the enterprise. I mean we're all spending more time and attention on regulatory related issues and I just think that I mean it would take this sort of massive time and motion kind of study to give you a number that would accurately portray it. I mean it's fair to say there is significant upward pressure although as I said it's certainly fair to say that we still expect the bulk of the $75 million of the Beacon savings to drop to the bottom line. Again all the things equal the conversations that we had earlier.
Mike Bell: Jim, it's Mike. First of all obviously given the uncertainty around the environment it's difficult to answer your question definitively with full confidence. But I stand by what we talked about earlier, which is we do expect to manage expenses at a lower rate above growth in the revenue. At this point, I do expect that as long as markets reasonably cooperated we would still end up with full year net fee revenue growth. But again as we talked about earlier, it's something that we’ll probably need to continue to update you on over the course of the year. But our expectation is to manage expenses aggressively and to manage those to a lower growth rate than the fee revenue.
Mike Bell: Sure Jim. First of all, the 10-Q disclosures importantly, number one, assume no client behavior change. And we do anticipate with a couple of more hikes for excess deposits in particular to come off the balance sheet. Second, importantly the 10-Q disclosures are for a consistent interest rate change globally. And I would tell you that that is in my view highly unlikely to be the case in Europe. The ECB now has cut rates to minus 30, there is talk about cutting that further. As I mentioned earlier the credit spread compression that we’ve seen in Europe because of their quantitative easing program has been significant. So I mean just to give you perhaps a number to help with the modeling, we estimate that on an all in basis this year versus full year 2015 that the euro NIR is expected to decline by approximately $40 million year-over-year and that’s assuming the interest rates in Europe where they sit today, just not factor in fully additional deterioration. So, it is the case that we would expect things to be stronger in the U.S. but that’s a headwind. And again relative to full year 2015, the decline in the excess deposits would also be a headwind to NIR; on the other hand, obviously still very positive versus having the issue of the prefs to pay for those.
Mike Bell: Jim it's obviously a little bit early to give you definitive guidance on sec lending for the first half of the year. I would say that we feel very positive about the uptick in sec lending. In Q4 specifically we saw an increase in the average assets on loan, both fully enhanced custody business as well as the Agency business. We saw higher spreads particularly on U.S. equities and believe that the demand for short interest and in particular for specials in Q4 helped significantly. I wouldn’t at this point -- I mean I see nothing to believe that that is going to come down. On the other hand, I wouldn’t try to project additional growth since Q4 was as strong as it was.
Mike Bell: Sure Geoff it's Mike. I don’t have the very specific number off the top of my head, because we have been tight in terms of our credit underwriting and also have been investing in the upper end of the credit scale for those leverage loans, it would be closer to par than the overall market. It’s at a slight discount but I want to say round numbers about $0.98 on the $1.
Mike Bell: Brian, it's Mike. First this does relate to overbilling that we have had historically, in fact it goes back to the late 1990s. So as a result rather than charging the Q4 2015 P&L with that amount we have revised the other financial statements that we provided this quarter to basically make an adjustment to the most recent P&L periods and also to the retained earnings account for year-end '14. So this is reflected in that retained earnings statement, so it's already negatively impacted our capital, that piece for the liabilities that I talked about in the prepared remarks, that is behind us at this point. Now, obviously, as you can imagine, other things can develop, but at this point, that’s already reflected in the balance sheet and in prior earnings periods.
Mike Bell: Importantly Brian we’re looking number one, at expenses across the board. So I do expect that we’ll find additional expense opportunities beyond what is part of project Beacon. Second, you’re assuming that there is no other fee revenue growth over the course of 2016 in your comments. And I would anticipate that between net new business and potential growth in for example global markets revenue that we would still be able to get there. But again it's something that’s an evolving situation since the market environment is as challenging as it is.
Mike Bell: So Marty it's Mike. First, I am really reluctant to try to give you specific comparisons to our various benchmark competitors. Our business mix is very different. As you correctly pointed out we’ve tended to have more impact from changes in Europe than our competitors over the long-term. I think that served us well. But in the near-term that’s a pressure point. We have different portfolios. We have different mixes of business that those portfolios back. So again I would hesitate to try to give you a very specific comparison because I don’t know specifically how they’re managing their balance sheet. What I can tell you is how we’re managing our balance sheet and in terms of the catalyst, as we talked about, we do expect that the recent increase in the Fed funds rate to be particularly helpful. That for example, even though it's just for the U.S. dollars, it does mean that the floating rate assets that we have that are dollar denominated have been resetting over the course of the last three months and that’s been helpful in terms of the near-term NIR outlook. If we do get additional Fed fund increases, again we expect that to do a couple of things for us. Number one, we do expect that to be accretive to NIR, because while we will share in all likelihood some of that with clients, we do typically share a percentage for example of the Overnight Index and would retain a portion of that for ourselves. And then just longer term it's helpful to have these increases in interest rates, because Marty, one of the big things that weighed on us in 2015 is the grind in the fixed rate portion of the portfolio. About two-thirds of the portfolio is fixed rate and that’s been rolling over, the yield on the maturing assets has been quite a bit higher in ballpark like 75 basis points higher than the fixed rate yield of new purchases. So if interest rates particularly in that call it three year, five year, 10 year kind of zone, would increase consistently where the Fed fund rate may increase that would be helpful in terms of reducing that grind. And then maybe lastly, you mentioned it and I am just repeating it. If conditions got better in Europe either in terms of getting the ECB rate back closer to positive territory and ideally some credit spread widening that would be very helpful as well.
Mike Bell: Brian, this is a full year comparison, so the $75 million is full year '16 versus full year '15 and importantly is a net number to operating expenses. So for example we're going to have some IT spending and just overall programs spending in Q1 and that will continue throughout the year. The $75 million is the gross savings minus the investment spending that I just mentioned. Importantly, it doesn't include any potential restructuring charges. I would suspect that a portion of that $300 million to $400 million of overall expected restructuring charges over the period 2016 to 2020 some of that may impact 2016, that would not be included in the $75 million.
Mike Bell: Yes, that's likely fair. I think the only reason I hesitate a little bit is that the investment spending, particularly the IT spending is somewhat of a fluid situation. So again we will be focused on the net. But I think your modeling assumption is a fair one.
Jay Hooley: Sure Adam let me take that. So I mentioned $300 billion-ish of new commitments on the asset servicing side, a little bit unusual, that was [tilted] to the U.S. with $250 billion of the $300 billion being U.S. and then I think you had $35 billion and $15 billion in EMEA and Asia Pacific. So to me it's a little bit indicative of some of the pressure that the asset management industry is under, now that it's not global but it's probably a little bit more acute in the U.S. And so the opportunity to do more deeper level of outsourcing as well as consolidate more activities with State Street is probably the underlying theme there. You also asked about the backlog, which again is a little bit higher at $380 billion and I think that’s probably historically been in the $200 billion to $300 billion range. It’s elevated because there is some bigger chunkier deals that had a little longer implementation time line. Those should layer in the first couple of quarters of 2016. Additionally, I would say from an outlook pipeline standpoint actually quite good with some different color from the U.S. to the Europe to Asia. Asia continues to be moving in a pretty positive line. Europe is again dominated by the offshore markets which is where the asset is coming from. And I’d say the U.S. it's a combination of hedge and as I mentioned earlier the traditional loan-only managers, who are really grappling with fee pressure and flows and [where] an opportunity for them to streamline their operations and get more efficient.
Jay Hooley: Asset management outsourcing broadly would be very consistent with the existing business from a fee and margin standpoint if I heard your question right.
Jay Hooley: Great Brian, I am happy to pick that one up. Let me give you some numbers and then maybe I'll get to some more of your qualitative questions as to where we're on a journey to make ETF more important business for us. If I look at full year 2015, our net outflows were approximately $23 billion, our net outflows of the SPY which is the S&P 500 was outflows of $31 billion. So if you take the influence of the S&P 500 out of the mix, we would net up [$80 billion] and we would net up $11 billion in the fourth quarter. So there is a -- if you look at trends and you normalize for the S&P 500 which is a very large fund with fairly low fees that move a lot because people use it for liquidity purposes all over the globe. Right in that we have -- we've been on a two year journey to invest in our ETF platform in really two directions. One is that, initially our ETF orientation was more to the institutional market. We've ramped up considerably our intermediary sales force over the last couple of years. And the other place that we focused is on product. And our focus on product which really gets at maybe the heart of one of your questions has been away from the more commoditized type product and more towards the higher revenue yielding products. And so you saw some evidence in my quote, in 2015, we had five of the top U.S. new products in the marketplace and in fact we had 37% of the flows into new U.S. ETFs came to SSGA in 2015. So to me very good evidence that our strategy of not only building up our distribution sales force but reorienting our product towards the higher yielding products. I also referenced the smart beta theme which you tend to read about a lot, lately we think that's a big deal which is to take ETFs and bundle them in an asset allocation model and package them and sell them through largely intermediary market. We introduced three new smart beta ETFs to our model portfolios, there's another name given to that in the fourth quarter. And then the final point I would make, next to final point is that, we continue to be the only of the large players that are willing to open our platform to outside strategies. So the most recent would be the DoubleLine Fund which generated -- which is the largest new fund launch in the U.S. in 2015 at $1.8 billion. So I think we're doing all the things, we're executing on all the things that we set out to execute, and I think we're in a good track to make ETF not only a growth engine within SSGA but a bigger product overall State Street. So we are pleased with the progress.
Jay Hooley: I would say largely, Gerard, I would view this being a two stage event. Stage one complete, stage two just commenced. There will always be opportunities to apply technology to this business both to generate revenue opportunities and expense saves. But in my vision there's Beacon. Since we have gone through the staging of standardization, centers of excellence, rewriting a lot of the applications, I think once we wired them together and for me the Holy Grail is to create an environment within State Street that's all real-time. And if it's all real-time, you have minimal human intervention, you have all the attendant benefits of it and in my mind as we get out to 2020 we should largely be there. Not that there won't be -- I'd say if there was a stage three it would be more revenue oriented. Once we can create a real-time infrastructure, we have the opportunity to build systems and build capabilities to generate global exchange type opportunities is probably where the next big move is. But again it's not cost oriented it's more how you take the data on analytics that are created in this Beacon environment and create information based services to our customers that would be obviously chargeable.
Jay Hooley: That's a great question and I would say we have a plan with a lot of detail around it, but I would fully expect that as we get out in years that technology advances will cause us to make adjustments to the plan. And I'll just give you an example Gerard that hopefully will resonate. When we went into the ITOT as we call it, we were very determined that we wanted to create a cloud environment and we're also very convinced that the only cloud environment that was appropriate would be a private cloud that we would own and operate and control it. I think today it's quite a bit different. We would envision that some of that the test modules that we would build, we might run around a public could. That as long as you encrypt the data you are as safe running it out in the public cloud as you're in a private cloud. And I'd say, if you talk to people that are deeply involved in this world, you would find that to be a fairly meaningful shift in philosophy. So within our Beacon plans some of that is bled-in, but I think for us to imagine what the technology enablements will be five years out is pretty tough to do. I think though it's back to a point that I made and you reinforced which is, unfortunately you can't leap frog. So you have to modify along the way and we think we've got a plan that not only enables us to get to that future real state, but it will also allow us to take advantage of advances in technology as they unfold over the next five years.
Jay Hooley: Sure, so I would say it's a customer where we have a long-term multidimensional relationship, this is just one component of it. I would characterize it as a smallest kind of customer and I say that because it's all passive assets. So it' a little bit my SPDR S&P 500 example where the headline number is big but the revenues associated with it are not all that, not significant. The other point I would make Gerard is that, well not a trend, it's not exceptional that somebody would say, I want to run my passive assets myself and this particular customer was a bank decided that as opposed to outsourcing that to us they would in-source it to themselves.
Jay Hooley: Yes, Marty, let me take that, this is Jay. I would say broadly no. I think that -- what I think we did well is we got way out in front of this. So that was really the beginning of 2015 where we began to have a series of conversations with our customers and there was a shorter percentage of customers who are holding the lion's share of the excess deposits which made it helpful. But we worked with customers over the course of six months to make sure, one, they understood the issue and our pressure point, and two, begin the layer in a set of fees to hold excess deposits on our balance sheet. And so we gave customers enough lead time in order to manage the situation or pay the freight to hold excess deposits on our balance sheet. So I think the nature of the way we went about it and also I think the other thing that's probably safe to say is that, we are probably out front on this. I think everybody else is catching up. So I think this conversation about excess deposits is not unique to State Street anymore, but I think we executed the plan pretty well.
Jay Hooley: I would say, Brian, it's feels to me more episodic than anything that is a trend line and I think that our volumes were pretty much in line with what we saw in the industry, volatility hung in as now I would view it more of an episodic.
Jay Hooley: Thank you for your time and attention this morning and look forward to hopefully seeing all of you in New York on February 24th. Thank you.
