Jay Hooley: Thanks, Valerie and good morning everyone. During the quarter, our results were affected by a constrained investment environment in seasonal expense factors. However, we continue to execute on our key priorities of growing our core business, controlling our expenses, investing in growth areas and optimizing our capital structure to deliver long-term shareholder value. The environment during the first quarter was mixed. Global equity and fixed income markets were up slightly and investor risk taking behavior had a negative bias until the end of the quarter when investors began to move back into emerging markets. While volatility improved from the fourth quarter and helped our trading business, it remained constrained hitting a 7-year low during the quarter. Concerns about the Ukrainian growth in China similar throughout the quarter, but there were no significant impacts on the geopolitical front. On the State Street front, we experienced seasonal expense increases in the first quarter as well as continued pressure on regulatory expenses. As a result of this tepid environment, we have taken action to further align our expense base by announcing this morning a reduction of 400 positions. We are committed to aggressively managing our costs and we will continue to evaluate additional opportunities to create efficiencies to position us to achieve our goal of creating positive operating leverage year-over-year. The constrained environment and increasing regulatory requirements are also putting pressure on our clients. Consequently, we continue to see steady demand for our products and services around the globe. Our first quarter 2014 new asset servicing wins totaled approximately $189 billion representing a range of clients and sectors. 38% of those assets were from outside the U.S. Included in our new business wins are 25 new alternative servicing mandates, a client segment where we continue to see above average long-term growth potential. New assets to be serviced that remain to be installed in future periods totaled $136 billion. During the quarter, we saw outflows from money market funds into long-term funds. However, as the quarter progressed, the flows into long-term funds shifted from equities to fixed income out of emerging markets funds and into mature markets, which is indicative of continued cautious investor behavior. As mentioned, we did see some movement back into emerging market equity funds at the end of the quarter. In our asset management business, we experienced net inflows of $4 billion for the first quarter driven primarily by strong inflows of $35 billion into cash collateral pools offset by $31 billion in outflows from ETFs and institutional mandates primarily passive equity. The net ETF flows of approximately $19 billion reflected typical seasonal activity in our S&P 500 fund. In this continued challenging environment, our objectives for 2014 are to drive growth in the core business, continue to mine efficiencies across the organization, including executing on our ops and IT transformation program, invest in growth areas and deliver positive operating leverage on an annual basis. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Mike who will discuss our actions more fully and review our financial performance.
Jay Hooley: Yes, I would say if you recall Glenn from our Investor Day we featured (indiscernible) presentation that we have – we are less concerned about pure AUM and more concerned about revenue per unit of AUM. And we have intentionally focused on higher yielding products mostly through ETF vehicles. And we continue to push those out and that had the effect of improving the revenue per AUM which we think is good and we think we will continue to focus on.
Jay Hooley: Sure. It was a bit of bright spot both sequentially and year-over-year. First time in a while we have seen the online balances up nicely 6% sequentially and you did – you hit on the key element of the growth, which is in the quarter 25% of our securities lending revenues was driven by enhanced custody and almost all of the growth came through enhanced custody. So I will just remind everybody that’s something that we began that’s began investing three years ago and it’s and we are still investing in it as we bring it into Europe and Asia. But we think it’s a nice addition when we represent a lot of future of the securities lending business.
Jay Hooley: Yes, its servicing backlog so committed not installed I believe the $136 million. And as for your other question I wasn’t…
Jay Hooley: But nothing unusual in the quarter I think it’s fair to look at the year-over-year, if you are not considering trends more in the sequential quarter.
Jay Hooley: I think it’s – I don’t think there is anything unusual there and in fact after the quarter ended we saw a lot of that come back. So I think it is used as trading account at quarter end. And I think if we look back over several years you would see there is a fair amount of difference in those flows, but we are not reading anything other than, anything trend wise into it.
Jay Hooley: Okay, it is a huge advantage of scale and I think they are getting even greater when you think about the position of regulatory and compliance cost that we referenced earlier. I think that the question of why you have done more consolidation on the back of that. First off there has been a lot of consolidation, so if you look at the concentration in the asset servicing business there are four firms that have 70% of the market by the industry calculations. You’ve got a series of banks, European banks I think continue review this business even though sub scale is attractive and some parts because the liquidity is that provide an environment where those banks are under some pressure. So I think that move on its closure some point in the future but I don’t see exchanging and short term. And other category of service providers I would point to if you look at the alternatives. As in servicing space its get a little bit more for us volume of sub scale players remains that many of you wouldn’t know it and that’s been I think that’s a market that proportionally has higher growth prospects and has experienced higher growth. So, I think that’s caused people to hang in there. So, in summary I would say there is, because of the concentration and consolidation that occurred up until now there is less prospects who are lapsed. And for different reasons people are finding it so interesting being in the game. I think that the need to drive efficiency out the core operations need to address components and regulatory costs will continue. And I think that puts pressure on sub scale providers.
Jay Hooley: Yes. I think it was roughly 38% outside the US, which is consistent with downs we have seen over the last couple of quarters.
Jay Hooley: Betsy, this is Jay. Let me take that. I would say it’s the latter. It will gradually bleed in over time. I think collateral transformation is a product that we offer today, where ramping up slowly that activity across the number of customers, derivative clearing probably a little bit more excitement going on. We are on the front end of timing of customers. There is a little bit of a lead time to sign them up. Once you sign them up, you should see a pretty steady flow. I think we are viewed as an attractive alternative on the derivatives clearing space. And then Enhanced Custody would be another product that I would say is maybe indicative of what I would expect that of derivatives clearing, collateral management a couple of years out. It took us a year or so to get it set get the infrastructure set, revenues started coming in, but once they start coming in, they should be pretty sustainable and improving over time. So it’s the gradual enhancement to core revenues.
Jay Hooley: Yes, let me take that one, Cynthia, because there is a – we did lose a customer that had low revenues and high AUA and let me just explain the situation, because it’s unusual with the customer that we acquired through IBT back in ‘06 it’s rare that we would do middle office without custody activities. In this case, we were doing middle office without custody activities and it had a pretty high AUA and pretty low revenues. It was a pretty simple middle office construct. And in talking to the customer over the last couple of quarters, they concluded we agreed that they would internalize it and so that really speaks to that abnormality, which I wouldn’t – I would say was clearly one-off.
Jay Hooley: Yes, $500 billion which is where you get the anomaly and pretty low revenue. Again, just a simple middle office only implementation, nowhere close to our, all of our other middle office implementations, but that’s distortion.
Jay Hooley: Yes, it’s similar, but it’s heavily weighted in the alternative space, again more hedge and private equity. You also see – we all see those alternative structures moving down in market and to some of the liquid structures. So I would say we should continue to expect to see proportionately more of our new business growth coming in those alternative categories.
Jay Hooley: No, I would say Cynthia that the headcount cuts were kind of broad-based, no specific theme, but as we continue to mine the organization for efficiencies or things that we can do in other places we took advantage of that.
Jay Hooley: I don’t know what I could add other than just it does reflect the portfolio managers who are part of the customer base that we serviced there, velocity of trading. And as you know, we proportionately we are greater in the funds business, in the alternatives business, less proportionately in pensions and corporates. So, it’s – I can’t put my finger on anything other just lack of trading volume. I think to me the service fees in addition to the actual trading activity being affected as much by kind of muted market activity, pretty slow growth on the equity and the fixed income front and lack of risky investments as much a drag on that service fee line as the transaction volume itself.
Jay Hooley: So thanks everybody. We look forward to getting on the phone with you again at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.
Mike Bell: Sure. So Glenn, the overall answer is that our position on preps has not changed since the Investor Day. So as we talked about it at the Investor Day, we do expect to add at least $500 million over time for the preps to get to that 1.5% which we view as optimal in terms of the Basel III risk weighted capital ratios. Now really the key question when I say at least $500 million the key question is going to be the supplementary leverage ratio since the preps that we issue do count towards the SOR. There is an incentive. There is an economic incentive over time for us to potentially have issue additional preps which over the fullness of time we would expect to enable us to reduce the common equity that we have outstanding. And so in terms of your question on timing that is obviously something that we are looking at and we will continue to review our options. And again I would say that if we are really looking at this in terms of long-term shareholder value, it’s a good trade to make the trade relative preps for common stock and the dilution is something that we think at this point is manageable, but it will be factored into decision going forward.
Mike Bell: Thanks Ken. So what I would suggest – this is how I would suggest when you think about it Ken is I would take the first quarter comp and employee benefits number, I would back out the – let me just think about this for a second. I would back out the $146 million of 55 and 5, the retirement eligible comp that’s embedded in there. And then I would think about adding approximately $21 million a quarter for the merit increases and importantly as you go from Q1 to Q2 we’ll have an additional payroll day and that’s worth about $5 million. So that’s how I would think about I mean there are obviously other pluses and minuses but I am trying to answer your question in terms of how to think about the baseline. I would make those adjustments as a starting point for Q2. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks while we will get savings in 2014 they will be from the expense actions. The reduction enforce of a net 400 FTEs we’ll get benefit from that in 2014 that’s mainly in the second half of the year and then we get an additional $18 million in the full year 2015 that we don’t get in the full year 2014.
Mike Bell: Yes. In the $146 million includes the seasonal effect of the payroll taxes on everybody. So what we look to focus on and with that $146 million number which is apples-to-apples with $118 million the year before is it’s the deferred comp for everybody is retirement eligible and it’s the seasonal bump up in payroll taxes that happens in Q1 as a result of flipping over the calendar year and FICA taxes and stuff starting back at zero base.
Mike Bell: Yes, sure. The other operating expenses Ken first of all continued to be very pressured by these regulatory compliance cost. So again very consistent with what we’ve talked about at the Investor Day. And there is significant upward pressure on that number relative to 2013 levels. So in terms of the outlook for other operating expenses in 2014 it is going to be lumpy I mean it is going to be lumpy because of legal costs, it will be somewhat lumpy for regulatory compliance expenses so and actually lumpy as well because of securities processing costs. So it is one of those – it’s very difficult to give you a quarterly number with a lot of confidence because in any given quarter stuff can go bump and either be good or bad. I would characterize the first quarter though is being roughly in line with what we’re going to see is on a quarterly basis over the course of the remainder of the year based on our current expectations. But I’d say that the big wild cards are really the legal expenses and also the regulatory compliance cost where there is upward pressure.
Mike Bell: Sure, Ken. A very important question that you are asking, so the overall answer is we’re continuing to set as a goal for ourselves for the full year positive operating leverage for full year 2014 versus full year 2013. Now importantly as we’ve talked about the Investor Day we are managing though for long-term shareholder value. And which means that we’re going to continue to focus on the strategic plan that we’ve talked about which is sure we want to be the low cost provider in the core activities but it also means that we’re going to also focus on being an innovator of value-added services and which means we’re going to continue to invest. And so in terms of some of the numbers that you talked about I’ll add some additional commentary there. First we do recognize that the Q1 revenue results was at the lower end of our 3% to 5% range that we reiterated at the Investor Day. And importantly Ken I would note that the – both the revenue and the expenses in Q1 was nominally higher because of the weaker U.S. dollar. So if you actually make it on a constant currency basis for 3.6 and the 5.8 that you referenced are likely 3 and 5. So the point is we recognized that we did not get a lot of help from the revenue environment in Q1. Now we do think that there is some potential help that we could get for the full year revenue outlook. So for example we may get some potential help from equity markets. It was useful that equity markets now are higher than where they were at year end 2013 which was the basis of original 3% to 5% estimate. So that’s useful. We also have not yet seen a material improvement in FX volatility but we would note that the FX volatility is still at a significant cyclical lows; we think there is some upside there. We didn’t see a little bit of help on sec lending spreads in Q1 and again we expect more help in Q2 since that’s the seasonal dividend arm quarter where it’s – where it is tended to peak so that should help. And then again if we could get some help from market interest rates in the second half of the year we think the revenue outlook could be better than call it 3% that we saw on a constant currency basis in Q1. But importantly Ken I would just reinforce, if the revenue outlook continues to be very soft we will continue to review our operating expense options I mean everything is on the table. We’re – again we’re managing this for the long-term but we’re also very serious about our goal. So rest assured if we continue to see more 3% kind of scenario than 5% scenario we’ll look harder at operating expenses.
Mike Bell: Absolutely, yes Alex. I – again I won’t comment on any other company’s issues. But I – it’s virtually certain that ours will be higher and candidly it will be a challenge for us to manage the year-over-year increase in regulatory compliance cost to the $30 million to $40 million that we talked about at the Investor Day. There is real upward pressure on that $30 million to $40 million range.
Mike Bell: So on the brokerage and other revenue you’re absolutely right, Alex. That category for us was down $30 million versus Q1 a year ago, a little over a third of that is the lower gold fees that we get were mainly reflecting the lower price of gold, but also outflows out of the gold fund. The other call it $19 million is really a combination of as you said lower transition management revenues but also importantly lower electronic exchange revenues. And again we feel like we are well positioned in that market. We see it really as a market phenomenon as opposed to a State Street specific situation. Again, if there is any silver lining to that dark cloud, it’s – that’s another area where we view as potential upside, if in fact global economic conditions improve.
Mike Bell: He is asking Jay about the CVA. The CVA was approximately plus $3 million in the quarter roughly flat sequentially.
Mike Bell: Sure, Ashley I would characterize it as we have achieve the substantial majority of that $130 million and overall feel like the full year as well as the remaining $50 million in 2015 are on track at this point.
Mike Bell: Well, so Brennan just to put some facts around it, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the performance fees are down $2 million sequentially and I would also add that the day count cost us approximately $4 million. So again that would be the main headwind. We didn’t get some help from little lower money market fee waivers as we saw money move out of the government funds and into prime money market, which leads to a little bit better waiver experience. And then some help from markets and also some help from a small amount of help from net new business.
Mike Bell: We did have some flows out of SPY so that’s – and that tends to happen at Q1 that’s a pretty common seasonality, seasonal pattern, excuse me.
Mike Bell: Sequentially it’s flat, it was also positive in Q4. Q1 doing some my memory I believe was minus $6 million. So it would be a $9 million improvement on comparing those two quarters.
Mike Bell: Sure, Luke, it’s Mike, the transaction revenue is the main piece that I would ask you to factor into your analysis. So specifically transaction revenue was down $5 million sequentially Q4 versus Q1. And it’s just lower market activity. I mean believe me when I tell you, we have looked at it several different ways and it just looks like it is driven by lower market activity going on. And so I would expect when we get into an environment where the global economies were healthier and there is a little more risk taking. We would expect that to improve, but I would certainly acknowledge that we have seen it move in the opposite direction now for three sequential quarters and just in time for me taking the job of course.
Mike Bell: Luke what I would suggest is if you include the tax equivalent adjustment that we detail every quarter which the recent increase there has been primarily caused by the higher volume of tax-advantaged investments. If you include that tax equivalent adjustment, I would expect that the processing fees and others would range between $125 million and $135 million a quarter for the remainder of this year, again importantly including the tax equivalent adjustment.
Mike Bell: And so specifically and going to give you round numbers here. The improvement that we got from the temporary credit on the intangibles is worth approximately half of that so call if 50 basis points. The combination of the moving to the daily average calculation rather than the month end calculation roughly offset the larger balance sheet we have in the quarter because of the spike up in the excess deposits. You can size that plus and minus that about 30 basis points but those – those two things of offset. And then the benefit that we got from the improve conversion factors under the rules, is worth approximately 30 basis points. And then we had a bunch of other odds and ends that contributed 20 basis points. So that would be the go forward at the banks from 5 to 6.
Mike Bell: Sure. It’s approximately the same numbers, the only other piece that you are going to factor in to that analysis is that the proceeds that we have from the pref issuance. So the call it 750 million of proceeds from the pref issuance is worth call it another 25 to 35 basis points that’s it quarter level and not at the bank level.
Mike Bell: Yes, Betsy, it’s Mike. First of all, we did average a 3% increase in base salaries that’s effective in April. And basically, we did a review of the market conditions. We reviewed what other companies were doing, where our compensation levels were versus other key competitors and key competitors, not just banks, but also just other people that we battle with for talent. And yes, I would certainly acknowledge that the 3% is a fair amount higher than the last couple of years where we had very small increases. And but – again, we thought it was important given the competitive landscape and the importance of keeping our top talent.
Mike Bell: Sure. So Steven its Mike. The goal for 2014 full year is $130 million and that would bring the cumulative to-date to $550 million at the end of this year and there would be a remaining approximately $50 million that we would get in 2015, so $600 in total.
Mike Bell: I would characterize it is not the full amount but a majority of the amounts. If you then annualize the Q1 we would have achieved the majority of the annual amount.
Mike Bell: Yes, I mean again we did for a variety of reasons including the software revenue picture. And the importance of our goal of achieving overall positive operating leverage for the full year.
Mike Bell: Sure. Vivek its Mike. They are even though they’re both, they had the word transaction and then they are very different items. So specifically as I mentioned earlier the brokerage and other revenue is driven by the combination of the lower gold fees with SPDR GLD fees as well as the pressure that we’ve seen on the electronic exchange revenue that’s picked up in other trading services. The transaction processing fees those are mainly service bureau fees and they are higher based on our higher volumes that, those kinds of volumes would tend to track more with our global service fee revenue as opposed to any of the other line items. So.
Mike Bell: I am sorry, I misunderstood your question Vivek. So again the transaction fees that we get as part of the GS revenue is down just because of lower market activity. Things like the service bureau fees that can include things like pricing, services, transfer agent cost. Again, there are different volume drivers from the expense versus the transaction revenue.
Mike Bell: Sure. Again, I would suggest you look at in total because part of the processing and other fees. If you exclude the tax equivalent adjustment is actually the amortization that we have on the tax advantaged investments themselves. So that piece contributed three of number that you are describing. So I think of the tax advantaged investments as being up 7 sequentially which is poor from the tax equivalent adjustment and 3 from the lower amortization. In terms of the rest beyond the 7 of JV revenue was up sequentially 8 million Q4 versus Q1 of 2014. Again that tends to bounce around but I think the Q1 is pretty down close to what would expect further remainder of the year in term of JV fees but again with the caveat but it does bounce around. We also head on uptick in portfolio a transition services specifically some currency risk management fees that we saw in increase and again I would characterize the Q1 has being in reasonable expectation for the remainder of the year. In aggregate the back I would say that the processing fees and other including the tax equivalent adjustment or reasonable expectation would be 125 to 135 over the remainder of the year, with the, slight growth that we’ll see there are mainly driven by higher tax advance investments for Q2 and Q3 in particular.
Mike Bell: Sure, Jim its Mike. I’ll start the first we didn’t see on increase in excess deposits in Q1 versus Q4 we estimate that they will up approximately 3 billion in terms of the average daily balances Q1 versus Q4. They spike significant at the very end of the quarter and view it as really a function of the fact that we viewed as a safe heaven and also that there are not other great alternatives for our clients to put very short-term money at this point in time.
Mike Bell: Both so I again if you look at any particular plan there is a different story for each client but that in this – it is global—phenomenon at this point. In terms of what we think size in the balance sheet would be the over the course of the year, the short answer is, if we expect, if the short-term interest rates do rise, we do expect of the majority of our excess deposits that are on the balance sheet would likely viewed and find other places where they get earn better yields. And that is embedded in our forecast that will gave under that scenario remember. Jim, I would ask you to remember that this is very low margin, this is because basically we take these client deposit fees, these excess deposits from our clients and put them with the big central bank. So again with earning for our numbers call it 20 basis point name on that – on those assets. So it’s not a big move in terms of our net interest revenue over the course of the year. Excluding the impact of the excess deposits I would expect that we would have essentially stable to perhaps modest growth in the core operational deposits over the course of the Europe. The big mover in terms of the overall size of the balance sheet will be the – will likely be the excess deposits.
