Eric Aboaf: Brian it’s Eric. Thanks for the question. We are clearly navigating through some challenging times with the interest rate environment and obviously trying to do our best to navigate through. When you think about the NII guide, there is clearly the continued downtick in long-term rates, which is affecting the investment portfolio, and we will continue to some extent in the coming quarters after that. And then there is lower volume sequentially and overdraft and then the MMLF balances that are also contributing to that – to the second quarter to third quarter decline. I think once we get to that level, part of what happens is that you have got offsetting factors, you have got on one hand the lower long end rates which put up -- which tend to tractor through the investment portfolio for another couple of quarters, which creates a downdraft. And those I think can be offset by the growth in the investment portfolio and lending base, which is really supported by the higher levels of deposits that we are operating at. Now, it’s hard to tell exactly what the deposit levels are going to be, but I think if you stare at the data that we have shown here, you know, we used to run at $155 billion to $160 billion of deposits. First quarter average was solidly at $180 billion. Second quarter averages solidly at $197 billion. We think we are going to land somewhere between those two points, which means that off of the original base as, call it $160 billion of deposits, there is an ability to expand the investment portfolio put on duration carefully and selectively invest in some high-quality position to maintain our HQLA, and we think that together should create some stability on NII in the coming quarters. The sponsored repo program, as you mentioned, did create a downdraft from 1Q to 2Q. And what we are seeing there is that the overnight repo rates are less attractive then they have been relative to 1-month treasury rates, and so that creates reduction in volumes. If that were to persist, then we are not going to get a lift there and we are not going to get the volumes we would like to see. On the other hand, if that normalizes back, there could be some upside in the coming quarters, but more time will tell before we can incorporate that into our forecast.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, let me add some texture and even some numbers to that so that you can get a better sense of the underlying revenues here. And we are quite pleased with the growth trajectory. We are quite pleased with the pipeline with kind of contracted, but not yet installed levels. We track a number of different metrics here to give us confidence in the developing growth. The revenues really come, I will call it, broadly into two buckets. There is SaaS revenues and professional services. And SaaS revenues are pretty straightforward, you win a client, it’s a 5-year contract and the revenue recognition is that the revenue is ratably applied over those five years, very straight forward. And in fact, we want to be in the business of growing SaaS revenues over time and professional services because those create a very regular and recurring set of revenues. The second part of the revenues comes from on-premise installations, and we have a number of clients who’ve had on-premise installations and even some who continue to prefer them. And in those cases, the revenue recognition comes in two parts. You have an upfront piece, which could be in the range of around 60% of the contract. And then you have the balance, call it 40% in the example I have given you, which could be ratably over the contract length, if that were say a four- or five-year contract, and so you get a piece and then you get a trail behind that. So those are the two big pieces.  When we look at the revenue numbers that we showed you on page nine, you go back what we want to be doing, we want to be growing both pieces to be honest and in particular, the regular. The first one, the very recurring revenue base, if you go back on Page 9 and you look at the data that we showed around revenues, back in the second quarter of 2019, we had $91 million of revenues, about 65% of that was in SaaS and professional fees. And so it gives you a sense for the kind of the relative amount if you go quarter over quarter of this year, those recurring SaaS and professional fee revenues were just over $80 million. But we see both, we see nice growth, year on year, and in fact, it’s happened consistently over the five quarters, and then the balance of the 145 is been more in the on-premise kind of revenue installations where you get a good sized piece up front, but then the recurring piece in the future. And I think if you step back with that kind of revenue recognition, where we are focused on growing client and client engagements and some clients are delighted to be on the Saas platform and we have seen consistent growth there. So that gives us some confidence in the kind of the, the, the completely recurring base, and then you have the more on-prem kind of revenues which start off with a piece, they then have a trail. Alright, and then when the contract ends, you get another piece in the that’s lumpy, and then in a trail after that, and that’s just the nature of the beast of how, how the revenue recognition works all in. we are quite pleased with this revenue trajectory the backlog the contracted but not yet installed and the sales performance and so while you see some lumpiness, it is we are seeing good underlying metrics as well.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, it’s Eric. Both of those are sizable expense categories, they both are part of the transaction processing line item that we report. And, what we found is that we need to just actively manage those, sub-custody is something that that we need provided to us. And so, we’ve worked with some of the largest banks, as well as some of the, country banks to find the best mix of service at a declining cost level, in our view that is something we need to keep doing year after year. And we have been able to deliver I think, some good savings this year and our expectation is to continue that trajectory. Market data is a little more complicated to your point is that there is a of market data ingestion that is possible. And what we found is that we need to both manage the ingestion pipes, because if we secure market data in too many different pipes, then we end up buying more than we need. We also need to find vendors. And over the last couple of quarters, we have started to really work more closely with several of our vendors around who gives us the best cost and pricing kind of quality levels. And that’s also been factored in. And then there is a third piece to be honest on market data, which I find helpful from a client standpoint to be honest, which is some of our market data costs are borne by us, which we want to drive down, but with the right quality and others, market data costs are sometimes borne with our buyer clients. And we are in many cases working with our vendors against both pools of market data to try to secure the best results for them as well. So, lots of activity there. What I would tell you is that some of what you see on that transaction processing line is the result of some intense focus on those areas. And it’s actually a bit of an example of what we are doing in other areas. We talked about starting to drive our technology costs down. And so we are doing similar work on hardware costs and hardware vendors working with them in a more active way. We are doing that in software and maintenance contracts from the technology side. And so it’s really become an expanding, I will call it expertise, but sort of partnerships and approaches that we have taken I think to good effect, but to be honest one that we need to repeat year after year to get the benefits that we would like to help drive our expanding margins.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. The 4Q stabilization is really driven by I think the economic kind of the interest rate environment first and foremost. So we are assuming short-end rates stays more or less where they are and we are assuming long-end rates stay more or less where they are. You know, the forwards always have some expansion and increase and I think we have gotten a little gun shy about always planning for those. And so we feel like we should plan at the current levels. So that’s the first part of the assumption base. I think the second part of the assumption base is that there is some normalization deposits, but as I have said, I think we have got a nice chunk there that we can begin to think of this, whether we are confident, are stickier. And it depends on the speed of our reinvestment in the investment portfolio into some asset classes that we are comfortable with. And I think that will factor in as well.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Glenn, that’s fair, because as you just – as you know, we are trying to find sustainable expense reductions this year and then into next year. And if we just brought them down and they pop back up, that doesn’t count neither for our shareholders nor for us. There aren’t some tailwinds of travel expenses and even some medical benefit claims, you know, are lighter in the expense trends, but remember, there is also some headwinds that we would have are actions in areas where we would have driven expenses down that we weren’t able to. And so as the biggest simple example is the pause on layoffs because of the pandemic, that would have been worth at least half a point of expense reduction, if not a little more, for every quarter this year and on a full year basis. And I think what we are going to have to do next year is go back to what we have been doing driving down all of our costs or compensation benefit costs, where we will be able to now action that and continue to drive-down third-party spend costs as well. And so I think we are – I think the trends will line up, there are just going to be some ins and outs or headwinds and tailwinds at any point, but we see a path to continue doing what we are doing, which is to drive expenses lower and lower year after year.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it’s Eric. It’s fair to get into the details, because the details do matter. But as we do that, let me remind you, there is a range of details. And so let me try to answer the question that we can certainly follow-up with you and other investors that are curious, but this is a bit of the bankers working in a software space, which just operates in a different cadence with ASC 606. First, the recurring revenues, the SaaS kind of implementations are pretty straightforward. And I think I gave the numbers there. And I think you have got the right mix. The mix in each of these quarters has always been much more kind of SaaS professional services, the completely, I will call it completely stable revenues and those have been building nicely. And I think we are quite pleased with that trajectory. On the lumpier part of the revenues which is the on-prem – on-premise installations, the answer is there is a range of different situations, which have to do with different contract length. And so let me just give you a sense, contract lengths can range from call it 3 years to 8 years, right. And for those kinds of ranges, then you tend to get on 3-year contracts, you might get 70% upfront and then the other 30% over the rest of the 3 years comes in kind of year by year by year or quarter by quarter by quarter the effect or for something like that 7 or 8 year contract you will tend to get about 50% in the first year and then the other 50% in those 7 or 8 years ratably. And so there is a range, but I think it’s I don’t know it’s contemplated to measure the revenues in a reasonable way. And you will have to talk with them if you like it or not, I can’t really opine there, but that’s the range. The upfront piece comes in, in a particular quarter and why is that because that’s when the system literally goes live and it’s beginning to serve clients. So, it becomes in service and it’s the quarters after that through the length of the contract that you ratably see the rest of the revenues. What I do want to remind folks though is that once we have a client, the client retention in our business are very, very high. We retain most of our clients. And so, on a 3-year contract, you will the description that I just gave of 70% plus of 30% over the trail, 3 years later gets repeated, right? Same for a 5-year contract, 5 years out. And so in a way, we are little hesitant when people casually say, well, that’s one-time it’s not really one time, right, it’s there is a good piece upfront, there is a good piece reasonably process that we have secured. And then there is almost always the extension, which brings the same thing again, it’s just that it’s a little lumpier than that we would all like. So maybe I will pause there, but happy to talk more at the right time.
Eric Aboaf: We can, I think it’s very high. Why don’t we – why don’t we do a little follow-up and get that out to you in a Reg FD.
Eric Aboaf: But it’s – we have been with part of our diligence of retention rates. Before I quote a precise number, let me come back to you, but it’s very, very high.
Eric Aboaf: It’s something that gives us a lot of confidence, because remember, once you have an on-premise installation like you have invested a lot internally as become a client side to integrate it with your state, with your other systems and subsystems. And so there is a willingness and there is an ability which together result in very, very strong, very high renewal rates.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it’s Eric. Let me start on that to give you a little bit of kind of near-in views and Ron may play in as well. And in fact, I might ask your CFO the same question, when I see him next, because I think every CFO out there not just bank CFOs is wrestling with this specific question. Here at State Street, we have occupancy expense of about $435 million bucks. And we had already plans to drive it down this year by about 5%. So, taking a chunk out of that, and part of that is continued gratification of our high cost, location footprint, and taking advantage at the same time as some of the productivity, right, think both from the headcount management that we have done around the world as well. I think, I think in the very near term a couple things happen in real estate one is we just don’t add any real estate and Ron and I put immediate halt. As soon as this pandemic happens, let me tell you, there’s no, there’s no that a halt is, is perpetual practically. If then, it does have a little bit of an effect where we can easily sublease. So, now what we are doing is going back to every lease that we have, and literally going through and asked him the question, when does it roll over? The question that it really wrestles through is what kind of occupancy rate can you operate add? And if you know most of us have operated at the – call it 85% to 95% occupancy rate. And I think what this pandemic has demonstrated is that the tools and the capabilities through technology and the methods that we have in a company, if we can, we can drive occupancy rates up to we are originally planning to 130%, 140% just by thinking about people’s historic approaches to being in the office or not and I think that, that is kind of what gives us the view that, if we originally saw we could get to 120% occupancy rates. And now with a pandemic, we are confident, we could get to 150%. That’s how you start to get some real leverage on the occupancy costs. I think the one thing that gets in the way of that and I am thinking of various kind of financial lens and we have to think about our people, our teams, our clients, and all the interactions and all that they do is we also need to be respectful of some of the social distancing requirements in the immediate term. And so I think what we have is we have a periods right now where, work from home is 90%, let’s say, with social distancing, we can bring a certain number in. At some point, there is a vaccine. So the social distancing may not be at the same level as it is now and we have a whole group of employees who have learned to operate incredibly effectively work from home, some of whom prefer to be home. And so I think I think there is a lot to do here is I get the summary. I tell you we are already driving down occupancy costs. And I think the question that we will come back to in the coming quarters and in the coming year is how much more, it’s not that they can’t that they won’t come down, they will come down. I think it’s a question of scale off of that base of expense that I circled upfront.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Ken. Part of the reason we gave an overall fee guide is that there is always are and always going be some ins and outs in that in the various fees I think if you think about the different buckets the texture that I give against the full year guide 1.5% to 2% first on servicing fees I think we feel positive we’ve delivered year on year growth in servicing fees now for the first quarter year on year and then the second quarter year on year and we think that will be a positive for the year and that’s different I contrast that to previous years where we had more fee headwinds or where we didn’t feel like we have the performance we would alike but we think servicing fees will be positive and that’s without an average equity market uptick really because globally equity markets are kind of in a more flattish range management fees I think are doing well we have been a little more negative there we would like to do a little bit better than what we have done FX trading and then all the electronic services around that will be a clear positive FX lending a little lighter as we described some of the shift there but area that we are working on and then in the software and processing fees I think we are quite confident on the Charles river momentum especially with some of the recent win and then there is a kind of the there are some other in that line there are some other business activity or loan fees or other software fees etcetera then there’s some of the lumpy stuff that we have to just take in Mark so all in all though full year 1.5% to 2% is what we see today. Which is I think it gives us the positive momentum that we live and then something to build on for next year and our view is if we can drive even low single digit fees upwards and continue to drive expenses down we are getting the right results.
Eric Aboaf: And Alex, just have round out on the financial fleet, we had a range of implementations of this quarter on the on premise side, that ones that are lumpier. The range was 3 years to 8 years. And it actually runs the gamut of 50% to 70% in the first year and then the balance ratably. I think the largest of implementations was that’s going to be on the close to 8-year mark, which would be 50% in the first year and the other 50% in the coming year – in the coming years.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Alex, it’s little early to get into 2021 to be honest, but with the guide I gave for 4Q does contemplate some reinvestment in the investment portfolio. And we are just kind of driving the balance both the long end range do have a kind of a tale of effects for us. And so in a way this is the time for us to add to the investment portfolio and do our work to offset what would naturally be a downward headwind, but I think we are – we have got a path. It’s just – it’s hard to see growth in NII at this point. We are both what we see a path to relative stability within a range, but it’s going to take some work. And, we don’t really know what happens with rates and how they evolve. But, we can we can see a path there.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Gerard. We are trying to be proactive here, right. The leveraged loan market has really moved up and down and a good day. And just finding some points where it might make sense. We de risked roughly about $160 million of balances of leveraged loans. I remember, one of the cinema chains was in that and we got out at a good price. I think the average pricing on the exits was around, I think around $0.92 I want to say, on the $1, so somewhere in that range, so we feel like we made some, good tactical decisions. It didn’t cost us that much, because we would have had to build the reserve anyway for those. And that’s why I said on that $160 million in cost that’s effectively a net fix. But for the peace of mind and just trying to be careful because we are a trust and custody bank and that’s our brand, we felt like it was a good trade and we will continue to selectively do that. But in truth, we feel quite good about this loan book. I mean, it’s a most leveraged loans are in the indices are single B and below are the double B and sometimes even better. And so I think we are pretty confident here, but there is always something and we just – we are happy to be proactive and make some tactical decisions and that’s what we did.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Mike. It’s Eric. Let me take the first couple and then I think Ron will probably want to take the third. In terms of the full year guide, you are right, there is a number of different pieces to it. There was some pieces of the full year, 1.5% to 2% fee revenue guide that are driven by the first half of the year. And there is some that will be driven by I think continued progress in the second half. I think if you just go through the line items, servicing fees has been good for the first half and we expect them to continue to be good, but I that will be a continued story. Management fees largely because of market, I think a little lighter in the first half, we are hoping that they come in a little stronger on a year-on-year basis in the second half, FX obviously a first half story where the second half will not be there. Sec finance has been light for us in the first half. We are hoping for some and looking for some stability there and some sequential – some sequential stability, if not some little bit of uptick. And then you have Charles River where we obviously got a big part in the second quarter but – and that maybe end up being a little more first half weighted, but I think you are – you typically get performance in the fourth quarter of these software businesses, but we will see I think some activity there. So, a little bit of a mix, to be honest. On Charles River, the good question on the on-premise installation, in particular or the renewals, but I think it’s really on a kind of combination of the new implementations. You do get some professional servicing fees where we build revenues and we incur expenses. And my recollection is those are fairly aligned, the accounting centers encourage us to do that. But there – I think the professional services tend to be billed as incurred. And then – and part of what I described is the more stable part of the revenues. And what we are finding is there is just there is professional services installation work that we do for kind of coming clients, clients that are not yet implemented, but are on their way to implementation. There is some during the implementation that last sprint and then there is clients behind that. So it’s a bit of a mix to be honest, but something we can try to parse out a little more detail in future conferences or calls.
Eric Aboaf: No, it’s lumpy. And Mike, that’s why I was trying to give a little bit of color, but just to reaffirm, in that $145 million, we said they are kind of very recurring literally kind of recurring revenues of just over $80 million and then the balance is in the kind of lumpy category where you get these on-premise installations. I also – so you kind of have to take a piece of the lumpy and say there is always going to be lumpy, because we have 3-year contracts, 5-year contracts, 8-year contracts. And every quarter, every year, there is some of those contracts rollover. And so you are going to get a new lumpiness or you get new business that you add in the lumpy category. I also gave if you want another quarter as a contrast back a year ago, second quarter of ‘19 we have $90 million of total revenues. And I said we had about $65 million of the very kind of recurring SaaS and professional services revenues. And just a smaller piece of that was lumpy. So you can kind of think I think draw some lines and say the lumpiness – this is big lumpy, that’s for sure, but there is only going to be some, but I think – I think hopefully I have given you enough on the kind of SaaS and professional services to let you extrapolate from there and then put in something in the models on the on the lumpy part.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Brian, why don’t I start and then I’ll turn it over to Eric. So I will start on the latter part of your question there. As we mentioned, when we acquired Charles River in addition to its core institutional client segment, it developed a fair amount of technology applicable to the wealth segment, particularly the larger wealth manager segment, large private wealth managers, warehouses, etcetera. And that is -- we have continued that R&D and also leveraged our own client relationships to be able to help propel that growth, and that’s what you are seeing playing through. We see it as a solid and additional form of growth on top of the core institutional business. Right now, I think it’s about 20% of the business, up significantly from when we acquired it and we would expect it to be growing probably a little bit more than the – at a slightly higher level than the institutional business. And the good news about this is that it shares the same technology and operating platform. I mean, there are certain sub applications that are different, but we can do this at scale easily. And the way I would say you should think about the lumpiness, I mean, Eric, will take you through the how the accounting actually works, but when you start to see kind of positive lumpiness like this, I mean, it’s essentially a client being installed, and it’s at the point then that we can start to recognize revenue and following that will be ongoing recurring fee. So, that’s how you should interpret the lumpiness. It’s not necessary. It is one-time as it relates to that client, but it’s certainly not one time as we continue to grow. You will see that same kind of lumpiness.
Ron O’Hanley: Hey, Glenn, It’s Ron. So FNZ has a very strong operating platform. It’s target market is certainly in the U.S. would be the smaller end or a lower end in terms of size of market segment than we do in Charles River and CRD. So, it’s quite complimentary to what we do. We would also – we would be their custodian and administrator as they move into that space. So, we view it as a way to expand into even further into wealth, a segment that we wouldn’t naturally have leading capabilities in number one. Number two, they have got some really interesting technology that we want to continue to figure out how we can use elsewhere. So it’s a way of getting some technology leadership that as well as a revenue stream at a relatively low cost for us.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Brennan, it’s Ron. Maybe just to reinforce why that is, I mean, typically what goes on in these conversions is there is a pretty big and significant operating model change that goes on at the asset manager or the wealth manager. So typically, a new client is not that we are displacing somebody like Aladdin. Typically, it’s a client that’s got a bunch of bespoke and scattered technology. And they are moving to a comprehensive kind of system like this. So that’s why you get very, very high retention rates, because frankly the switching costs on the client side are pretty high.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes. Brennan, it’s Ron. What I would add to that is in a fairly short period of time, we have gone through three kind of phases of work. Work from home was about a 1 week event for us and we got 90% of the people out of the buildings and into a home environment. We started about 3 weeks after that planning the return to office, which is in Asia-Pacific as you can imagine where it started back, also parts of Europe slower and you for all the reasons that we know. We have also launched the third phase of this, which is what we are calling the workplace of the future, which is encompasses a lot of things that Eric is talking about. To your point on Boston, as we had announced earlier, we are – we announced late last year that we are vacating this headquarters tower at the end of ‘22 going to move to a new building in Boston, but it’s much more flexible, better terms, lower amount of space. And it’s early enough now that we have ability to customize that even further given what we know about COVID-19. So, again, I don’t believe that we could operate or should operate anything near 90% work from home, but we can operate in a much more flexible basis with work from home being an integral part of what we do it’s certainly part of our disaster recovery now so you should start to see if shedding disaster recovery spaces, too. And you should expect and hold those two are a much lower for foot prints are really starting quite soon. 
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Kenneth. As we talked about last quarter we said that it was our sense that just given the additional challenges post to asset managers and asset owners operating models of COVID-19 but we thought that we would see even at some point an increase in conversations an interest in outsourcing and operating model changes in general and that’s actually started to happen and was started to happen in a big way in the second quarter so we see continued interest in not just movement of back office to the lowest price much more about how do we comprehensively improve – how do we – the asset owner or asset manager comprehensively improved our operating model through changes to their back office, and even to their front office. So that’s continuing. And it’s we have, as I noted in my opening remarks as a result of that, we would expect to see and be in a position to announce some significant new wins between now and the end of the year. That are some combination of front, middle and back office of notable names.
Ron O’Hanley: Why don’t I start there? Eric can talk about the mix, Alex, but on the wealth channel, it tends to be the higher – the larger wealth managers. And it’s a combination if I think about both, what’s installed this quarter, but also what’s – where we have conversations and we will be installing a future quarters. It’s a combination of the warehouses and that obviously comes with lots of seats, as you would imagine, but also the larger private wealth managers, I mean, they could be RIAs, but again, it tends to be the larger ones and the larger names. And if you think why that is, oftentimes they are bringing, these institutions are bringing some fairly significant asset allocation capability to bear. And while they want to give their advisors, some freedom to customize, they also want to have a lot of control over that. And the CRD platform works really well. And in that regard. And as I mentioned, in response to an earlier question, the great thing for us is that this, it’s it, it certainly is a bespoke application for the wealth segment, but it’s leveraging, much of the same underlying technology. So there’s a lot of scale and all this both in terms of the initial development we have done but also as we, as we roll out software improvements.
Ron O’Hanley: That’s right. I don’t remember referring to lower pricing and in the context of the wins, But to answer your questions, it’s a mix that we are seeing and right now I’m referring to the, what we call our alpha front to back platform in Charles River. It’s a mix of, existing clients or new clients that we are seeing. And that’s particularly true. As I look at the near-term, pipeline. So in for those existing clients, in effect, we are expanding our share of activity with them to use the vernacular expanding the wallet where we might historically have had a back office custody relationship. And we’re moving to the middle of the funnel of this but beyond that, in the, kind of more traditional core business, we continue to see a fair amount of outsourcing there too firms that had historically done everything but custody inside where we might have been one or, or the only custodian or we are now reconsidering that and moving things like fund accounting out. Middle office would be another big part of that because in fact, our middle office business is the outsourcing of their back office and that solves lots of challenges for them, and we have learned how to scale that business. So that would give you a sense of all that. I mean, what has been pleasing about the pipeline as it’s developed and again, given the comprehensive nature of what we do, these pipelines do take a while to move from when there’s the first contact to the actual signing of the business, but what’s pleasing about that is we are seeing a fair number of new clients there to us, and the, the attractive thing about that is to really get the full advantage of the front to back platform. We are able to show that, we can do the Charles River in middle office for you, but we are going to get real data advantages is having the full front to back. So it fuels growth in our traditional back office business.
Ron O’Hanley: And Mike regarding, the last part of your question, which is State Street Global Advisors becoming a client of Charles River, they are actually becoming a client of of the full Alpha front-to-back platform, including Charles River. So it’s a fairly comprehensive installments, it’s underway. Alright. It’s the inflation is happening.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Jim, it’s a good question. The – when you see this kind of to be installed backlog if you will, that typically reflects that there is multiple tranches of business. So, for example, it could be custody and fund accounting in middle office. And a custody conversion we can do very quickly, right. We have – we literally did some we were notified by a client that they wanted to move in the midst of the crisis. And we got it done intra-quarter, those moves quickly. And so oftentimes don’t even show up in this backlog here. I mean, they would if it was carrying over to a quarter. What you are seeing here is clients, including some very large clients that have multiple tranches of business that they are either moving over from an existing provider or in some cases moving from an in-source to an outsource model. And again, that reflects the nature of our business. We are using our ability to do these kinds of outsourcing to actually drive not just the outsource business, but not to drive traditional core custody, which scales easily and is quite profitable to us. But that’s how you should think about that is that in any given quarter, our new business wins will be some very traditional custody to custody kinds of things or fund accounting to fund accounting. But oftentimes, the backlog reflects it was much more comprehensive kinds of moves.
Ron O’Hanley: Well, what you should expect to see is that there is fees coming from more than one source right, the custody fee, fund accounting fee and middle office fee etcetera. So, that’s how you should think about it.
Ron O’Hanley: Well, thank you operator and thanks to all of you on the call, who joined us. Thanks for the questions and we look forward to the follow-up.
