Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Mike. Let me close our call by briefly reiterating our continued focus on creating value for our clients and shareholders by growing revenue, diligently controlling expenses and returning capital to our shareholders through common stock purchases and dividends. Stephanie, Mike and I are now available to take questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say, directionally, Alex, no real change. In certain markets and certain product lines, it's highly competitive. It's less so on others. We continue to try to send signals to the market by backing away from deals that become so thinly priced in an attempt to try to establish more reasonable pricing. But that's a journey more than an event, but no marked change in pricing over the course of the last quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me jump in there, Luke. Let me first go at the question of clients win -- client wins and losses and market share gains and losses. I think we don't win everything we compete for. There's some things that we really go after and we don't win, but I would say our win-loss rate for those things that we think are attractive where we have a differentiated position, therefore we can get decent pricing, is quite good. I point to segments like the alternative segment, which I frequently bring up. I think we have a differentiated value proposition there. We tend to compete very effectively. We don't win them all, but we do pretty well. I'd say the same thing for very involved and integrated complex asset manager sales, particularly if there is a middle office to it. Again, the number of competitors shrink and we fare pretty well there. You could say the same for some markets overseas. I would say, as a general theme, we compete more effectively in the asset manager segment versus the asset owner segment, so that's funds versus pensions as a theme, which leads you to things like offshore markets, Luxembourg, Dublin, very competitive there. Market share data is not easy to come by. There are some -- probably the deepest markets in the world for custodians would be markets like the U.S. mutual fund market. I think that's probably a market that has the clearest data. The ICI puts out information. And I would say that if you look at that as we look at that, we are gaining market share in that -- what we think is a key segment. With regard to just picking another one of your questions, the organic growth, as Mike has come on board, we've spent time with several of you in groups and individually, and we are really thinking about ways where we can express more clearly the issue of what drives organic growth and then incremental new business. And we don't yet have a conclusion on that. But I understand the point, both the interest, the keen interest in understanding the drivers of that, and also the point about somebody needs to lead.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, so let me start that one, Josh. The -- if you look at the core global services business, the type of asset that we're servicing is affected by the revenues or affected by the type of asset we're servicing. So in a simple example, domestic equity versus an emerging market, equity or bond is going to carry a lot more revenue per unit of asset. So that's the first thing. So as there's a retreat from emerging markets, which we saw in the fourth quarter, as well as we saw a little bit more recently over the last couple of days in the core global services business, that's a headwind. So movement into emerging markets would be a big positive given the incremental fees that we get associated with servicing emerging markets-type instruments. On the foreign exchange side, it cuts back a little bit the other way. Good market movement in and out of emerging markets and volatility would be a positive thing. Although, even though we've seen retreat from emerging markets, volatility remained pretty low throughout the fourth quarter, which you might say is a little unusual.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think the -- there is a lot of discussion, and actually, there's been some action probably in the merger and acquisition activity. I don't think you've seen much in financial markets. And I guess the way we would like at it is, break it down a little bit. In the core asset servicing business, it would have to be very special. And I can't imagine -- one, I can't imagine anything significant because I think it would get considerable regulatory scrutiny. And if it was a small add-on to us, it would have to be very attractively priced for us to be interested in it. I've said before that in the core custody business, I don't feel like we have any big gaps in our offering. Geographically, we're pretty well placed from a standpoint of asset classes with the moves we made into alternatives, pretty well placed. So I don't feel like there's a gap that we need to fill. And so therefore, any acquisition would be largely acquisition of clients. And again, size -- large-sized deals would be off the table, in my opinion, and smaller-sized deals would have to be extraordinarily attractive from a financial standpoint. I think probably off your question but a little bit on the small end of acquisitions, small software products or capabilities that would round out some products in our asset management business or in our emerging risk and analytics business, that might be interesting. But I'd say the big stuff for us is very unlikely.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me start that one, Mike, and our Mike can jump in. The -- we're entering the next-to-final year of our publicized IT and Ops transformation. We've got 130 million that we've got to achieve this year, and then there is a stub for 2015. You know because I've taken you through this before that the -- what we've done is structurally changed the cost of delivering core services here. We've centralized and standardized and leveraged offshore locations highly successfully, and now we're in that last leg of rebuilding the systems to make those processes even more efficient. And what you'll see this year and next year is the wrap-up of that. What inspired me along the way was you mentioned the MIT professors, the book that McAfee and his partner wrote on the Race Against the Machine, and this -- maybe this is Phase 2 of that book that you're referencing. But what you take away from that is that the power of technology in these transaction processing businesses is in the early innings. So I look at what we've done, and we've restructured our operations, we are applying technology, but as we look out into the future, I think it only gets more interesting, frankly, as we look at -- now that we've standardized these things, how much labor we can take out by displacing it with technology. And one of the great examples that, that book referenced, which is -- was insightful to me is the driverless car from Google and what technology can accomplish today. And I don't think, generally, the financial markets, and you might even say the financial transaction processing businesses in the financial markets, have anywhere near matured out that opportunity.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say that's pretty fair, Mike. I think the -- unfortunately, I would have thought, 2 years ago, we would be cresting the hill and we would be declining our investment in these kinds of things. But it's not happening that way. I mean, it -- just a simple example that maybe highlights some of my frustration and some of the cost is, you look at the Volcker rule, which for a firm like State Street has a -- not a significant impact, yet the systems that we are building to report on, the trading that we're doing to prove that it's not proprietary, is just mind blowing. So I think you're right that probably one of the biggest surprises -- I guess the other thing that I would say, though, is we are also trying to walk a fine line between becoming more efficient and continuing to invest. And I think that -- so for the long term -- for the short term, we are trying to deliver good value to the shareholders, but we're also continuing to invest. And you've heard me say before that this IT and Ops transformation, probably the most exciting future aspect of it is laying in new technology which will allow us to be more agile with regard to introducing new products, both -- particularly in the data space. So -- but you're right, just to go back to your point about regulatory, and generally, compliance cost has been the biggest surprise.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think -- so I think -- let me take that, Ashley. The -- we think that we compete effectively and we do well in the hedge fund segment of alternatives. By our estimate, 70% of the hedge funds have outsourced the kind of work that we do. So there's potentially an additional market share gain. There's potentially more hedge funds, which we'll outsource. And I think that's -- maybe it’s not a certainty, but it's highly likely given the pressures that hedge funds are under to be more transparent among -- to their customers. But I guess the other thing -- the other element of alternatives, which is kind of exciting, is we have also moved into the private equity and real estate subsegments of alternatives. And by our estimate and industry estimates, only 30% of those firms have outsourced. So we would expect proportionately greater growth in those nonhedged alternative segments, and we feel well positioned.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me just give you one other example, Cynthia, because it's a meaningful line item. With each portfolio, if we're doing portfolio accounting, there's a fixed fee to provide that fund accounting, so obviously, that would be driven by the number of portfolios that we add versus assets, just as another example.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I look on the -- you're right with regard to securities lending. I'd also add another little element which could be helpful, and it came up earlier in the call, that the M&A activity has picked up. And to the extent that stays robust, that would increase the number of special securities, and so that's a helper to securities lending as well. With regard to foreign exchange, it's -- our comments are probably more a reflection of the unusual decline in volatility in the second half of the year, that we don't think that's a normal state of markets. And I think you can look at the Fed pulling back, you can look at some of the emerging economies and some of their actions as indicators that our base case would be we'd see a little better volatility in this year, 2014, than we saw in '13. And by the way, volumes in our foreign exchange business have been pretty good. So it's really more of a factor of volatility.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we would just thank you for your attention this morning and look forward to hopefully seeing most of you in a little more than a month in New York on February 27, where we'll host our annual analyst call. Thank you.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Glenn. The short answer is, we do expect by the end of 2014 an increase in market interest rates, both at the short term as well as at the intermediate term. And we would expect some modest benefit from that in net interest revenue and, importantly, as well, in the securities finance revenue, that it would help immensely to see some uptick, for example, in the 90-day rates for the securities lending business. And what we intend to do, Glenn, is at the Investor Day, where we have time to provide some greater context, to give you some of the scenarios that we've looked at. So I think we can answer that question pretty thoroughly for you here on February 27.
Michael William Bell: Okay. Yes, ballpark, Glenn, we still think that, that sensitivity of the $40 million is rational. Again, let us give you a more thorough answer to some alternatives when we see you in February.
Michael William Bell: Sure. So Glenn, first, you're absolutely right. At the moment, we have a 170-basis-point spread between the advanced approach and the standardized approach for the Basel III risk-weighted asset calculations. As we've talked about last quarter, there are 2 main drivers of that. First, the standardized approach uses standardized risk factors and haircuts, where the advanced model uses advanced model-driven loss estimates. And the standardized risk factors and haircuts are more punitive in 2 areas. First, certain off-balance-sheet items, for example around the securities finance business, is treated more punitively under the standardized approach. And the other area that's more punitively treated is the high-quality assets. And our balance sheet is chock-full of high-quality assets. So as a result, the -- under the current environment with our current balance sheet, the standardized approach is the more punitive one of the 2.
Michael William Bell: Sure. So Glenn, we do need to meet the more onerous of the 2 requirements under the CCAR stressed scenario. So as we are working to sort out how to optimize our balance sheet mix going forward, that is part of our calculations, that is part of our thinking around balance sheet strategy for the future. I would remind you that the standardized ratio does not kick in until 1/1/2015. So for 2014, the binding constraint is the advanced approach. But again, CCAR is about the long term as much as it is about the short term. So qualitatively, as we go through CCAR, we need to be cognizant of the supplementary leverage ratio that may be coming down the line, as well as the more onerous of the standardized and advanced approach. And that's why the work that we're doing to optimize our balance sheet under the new rules is something that's a pretty complex undertaking. But we are confident we're going to be in compliance, and as we draw conclusions on that, we'll certainly plan to communicate that.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Ken. First, I would prefer to wait until the Investor Day, where we have time to give you some additional context. For example, we do plan, as I mentioned to Glenn, we do plan to share some of the modeling we've done on various interest rate scenarios, and as well as talk about work that we're doing in our core businesses to drive revenue growth, but also in some of the new growth opportunities that we see out there. And then we'll also talk about some of the areas where we're investing. So I think, Ken, I'd prefer, rather than trying to give it to you in a 30-second answer on a crowded conference call, I'd rather wait and give it to you at the Investor Day. But I think stepping back, to me, what's most important is that, even in a relatively low growth environment where we would expect revenue growth to only be 3% to 5% compared to our long-term targets, which are quite a bit higher than that, we still believe we'll be positioned to achieve positive operating leverage, perhaps not as much as 2013, but again, another step forward on the operating leverage. And therefore, we would expect, again, good progress as an enterprise through our strategic goal of being a low-cost provider in this business.
Michael William Bell: Sure. Ken, first of all, as we've previously disclosed, we have been steadily looking for opportunities to make tax-advantaged investments. And we've been doing that pretty consistently over the last couple of years, and that's been beneficial in terms of our effective tax rate. On the specific tax-equivalent adjustment for Q4, let me -- why don't we take that one offline. I think we were going to talk to you a little bit later today. It's just not a -- it's not a simple calculation, so I prefer to do that, again, not in a crowded conference call, if you will.
Michael William Bell: Sure, absolutely, Ken. First, on the other expenses, as we've talked about previously, remember, this stuff can bounce around quarter-to-quarter because some of the costs in this category are pretty lumpy. And a good example of that is the securities processing costs. So the securities processing costs in the quarter were $28 million. We don't think $28 million in a quarter is reflective of our outlook going forward, but it's a good reminder that the number does bounce around quarter-to-quarter. Now I'd point out, recently, in the recent past, we've been doing a good job in this area, and we would expect that to normalize in 2014. But that would be an example, Ken, of why I don't think the $292 million in total for the other category is a good run rate going forward. And then just to talk about a couple of the other larger pieces. We had sales promotional costs of $6 million this quarter. That mainly is part of our year-end process to support our investment management business. So that was planned. But again, that -- we view that as a Q4 item. We would expect that to normalize back out in Q1. So again, I would reduce for that. And I'd say the big wildcard really are the higher legal and regulatory compliance costs, and that reflects a combination of this regulatory environment that we are operating in, where we have had to spend more money on a variety of things that, in an ideal world, we wouldn't. But we do live in this world, and we've had to spend some more money in that area, in particular, more money on professional services, which increased for the quarter. And then the legal costs, which primarily relate to prior year problems, but there are areas where we do need to spend money to support our position. So at this point, I'd -- the number has been bouncing around enough and there's enough uncertainty around our regulatory compliance costs, Ken, that I'd prefer not to give you a new range or something like that for 2014. But I do think, at our Investor Day, we can give you some additional color on how we're thinking about it.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Alex, this is Mike. Only a couple of things I would add. First, I'll just reinforce Jay's point that it is important to note that only a little -- in fact, a little less than half of the service fee revenue line is directly driven by the basis points on assets. So that really is an important point. You would expect, in a market -- we would expect, in a market where markets are rising, that the service fees would trail the increasing assets because of that phenomenon. And then I just have rounded out. Transaction fees are between 10% and 15% of that particular number, and transactions were up just a blip relative to Q3 but were down relative to Q2. So again, transactions will tend to move, in general, with the relative bullishness or really relative to that kind of risk on, risk off in the market. And that's been something that's been a headwind for the -- that line item in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And then lastly, out-of-pocket expense recoveries also impact that line item. So again, just to give a specific example. We had lower out-of-pocket expense recoveries that -- of $6 million that's essentially the same $6 million of the drop in the information systems line item on the expense side. So again, there are going to be some things that don't matter from a P&L standpoint but can bounce around in the servicing fees line item, in particular.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Alex, well, first of all, again, we'll give more color, more detail on this at the Investor Day. But if I focus just on Q1 for a second, we did see an increase in the excess deposits on our balance sheet of approximately $6 billion, Q4 relative to Q3. So the excess deposits we estimate in Q4 was approximately $25 billion. I would expect that, that number will decline in Q1 and decline even further by the end of 2014 if, in fact, short-term rates begin to rise as we anticipate that they will. So I think it's important to factor that into the thinking. In terms of the core deposits, we do expect that over any longer period of time, we expect that there'll be growth in our core operational deposits, essentially commensurate with our overall fee revenue growth and our overall client base. Again, I would view that as sort of a small single digits over the course of the year. So therefore, I would expect a drop in the excess deposits on average to reduce our average assets for full year 2014.
Michael William Bell: Well, Luke, it's Mike. Obviously, I'm still relatively new here, so I can't connect all the dots from prior discussions. But here is how we're thinking about it. We're thinking about it that a rise in short-term interest rates in particular, the 30-day and the 90-day rates in particular, would be particularly helpful to us. Because remember, over half of our balance sheet is comprised of floating-rate securities. And therefore, as short-term rates rise, we get an automatic pickup in NIR from those securities. On the liability side, we would expect that liability rates would ultimately increase with short-term interest rates. But in the near term, they would likely increase at a slower pace than what we would pick up on the yield side. So if you take the combination of the benefit I just described on NIR, combined with the benefit on the securities lending business, that would be a much better environment for us to operate in if short-term rates, in particular, would rise. Now I think the question that you're asking around the long-term interest rates may tie back to our mortgage-backed securities in the portfolio. We were in a phenomenon where there was some risk of those assets extending and then that having a collateral impact on the need to reduce the duration of our portfolio. I think if there's good news is that, that issue, for the most part, is behind us. There's not a lot more extension left in that particular book. So I wouldn't expect the second-order impact of that phenomenon to hurt us in 2014.
Michael William Bell: Yes, Marty, it's Mike. You are reading the brackets right. Now importantly, that relates to the mark-to-market on the balance sheet. So again, a little bit different phenomenon than what kind of impact would that have on our net interest margin and net interest revenue in 2014.
Michael William Bell: Yes. Importantly, Marty, the EVE is the entire balance sheet. So again, it's a little bit apples and oranges. But again, there's sort of 2 different phenomenon going on here. The rise -- I'll repeat, the rise in the short-term interest rates would be particularly helpful to our net interest margin and net interest revenue for 2014. And we believe that the impact on the mark would be manageable over the period.
Michael William Bell: Marty, that's absolutely right, and that is one of the issues around EVE, which is why we really look at a variety of different risk metrics, not just the EVE, to measure our overall profile.
Michael William Bell: Sure, it's Mike. I'll start. The -- on the information systems line item, importantly, that did include a decline of $6 million in out-of-pocket expenses, which is really -- means that we spend that money on behalf of our client and then get that money back in service fees. So there was a $6 million downdraft in both servicing fees and the information systems costs related to that phenomenon. So I think it's a little bit of a one-off, and I wouldn't put a lot of weight into those. More importantly, on your question on the comp and benefits, first of all, the Q3 comp and benefits included a one-time benefit of $12 million from a change we made in one of our employee benefit programs. So we had talked about that on the Q3 call being one-time and that you ought to naturally think that, that $12 million, it will go back up $12 million, all things equal in Q4, and that has materialized the way we expected. The bulk of the remainder, though, in the comp and benefits is to support our new business. We are obviously pleased with our overall new business results for full year 2013 and even accounts that will be generating revenue early in 2014. And we did have an increase in the new business support costs. This would include things like the on-boarding contractors that we use. It would include the growth in the alternative investment business that Jay referenced earlier. It would include year-end sales comp. So the -- that is related to new business. And as we look to first quarter of 2014, we do expect that to normalize, other than, of course, the $150 million one-time impact we will have in first quarter from the annual incentive comp. Put that aside, we expect the comp and benefits to normalize again in Q1 as we work through that on-boarding.
Michael William Bell: Boy, that's a difficult question to answer in a vacuum. The 3% bottom of the range does look at a more pessimistic market environment than our base-case scenario. So I would say that it wasn't quite as precise as what you're -- as the question you're asking, but I think it's fair to say that if we did not see a change in interest rates, then we'd be more likely to be closer to the 3%. But again, there are a lot of moving parts there, and I think we can give you a more thorough answer when we take the time at the Investor Day to walk through that.
Michael William Bell: Yes, Betsy, it's Mike. Again, I'd prefer to go into that level of detail at the Investor Day. But broadly speaking, we would expect a -- to -- at the 5% scenario, broadly speaking, we would expect a rise in both short-term as well as intermediate-term interest rates, certainly beginning July 1. And in that kind of environment, it's likely to be a more positive global economy. So in that kind of environment, with a more positive global economy and higher 30-day and 90-day interest rates, we would expect the sec lending business to be stronger, we would expect our trading revenue to be stronger and we would expect that to have -- mean good things for top line as well as bottom line. But let me leave it at that and save the additional detail here for Investor Day.
Michael William Bell: Yes, Betsy, I would think about it as a full year to full year as opposed to a full year to the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter, in our expectation, was relatively high in a number of these legal and regulatory compliance areas. So I would think about it more year-on-year as opposed to year versus Q4.
Michael William Bell: Yes, I don't think I'd be quite that precise. But I think that our comments around the upward pressure on regulatory compliance costs, if you exclude legal, really related to full year '14 versus full year '13. And one of the reasons, Betsy, just in full disclosure here, it's a difficult question to answer, is that, keep in mind, we've got spending across the enterprise that's driven by these demands. So it's not like it's a discrete budget that captures all the dollars. I mean, many of us just around this table are spending a lot more time on regulatory compliance issues than we have in the past. So it -- I mean, it impacts -- it really pervades a number of different budgets. It pervades systems costs relating to the Volcker reporting that Jay referenced earlier. It increases the staff that we need in the compliance area in ERM. It increases the professional services expenses. So it's not a -- it's not that it's a -- there's not sort of a readily easy single number to point to, which is why I'm -- again, I'd just urge you to focus more on the year-over-year trend.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Rob, it's Mike. In terms of relative to the Q1 bump that we saw in 2013, there are a couple of different things going on. First of all, it does reflect the fact that full year 2013 was a better result for the enterprise than full year '12. So that is reflected in what we expect the management compensation to be here in the first quarter, so that's a piece of it. Second, we have had some changes in the demographics. So the main impact that we get, of course, is the impact of those that are age 55 and have had 5 years of credited service. Again, that demographic has contributed to the increase. And then importantly, we have an approximately $10 million increase year-over-year related to some new regulations, new compensation regulations in Europe. So there was some compensation for certain individuals that had to be adjusted. And as a result, that drives that number up $10 million versus first quarter of 2013.
Michael William Bell: Yes, Rob, it's Mike. Its -- unfortunately, it's not quite that simple. And as Jay indicated earlier, it is something that we're working on now. How much of that we'll have done by the Investor Day remains to be seen. But let us work to give you an update, hopefully a down payment at the Investor Day and more to come here later in '14.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Jim, it's Mike. Yes, I was referring to the average. On average, our excess deposits in Q4 were approximately $25 billion compared to $19 billion on average for Q3. Importantly, we saw 2 significant spikes in the fourth quarter. We saw a significant spike in October around the debt ceiling crisis, and then we saw an even larger spike at the end of December that's impacting the period-end number that you're describing. And so again, it was well north even of the numbers that you were quoting. So again, we tend to focus on the period averages because that tends to be more of a driver of the net interest revenue and net interest margin.
Michael William Bell: That's correct, Jim. They rolled off at the beginning of January, not the whole 25, but the spike that we saw at year end rolled off. And I would expect, on average for Q1, it to be below 25, again, barring another crisis in Washington here later in the quarter.
Michael William Bell: Yes, let me just go back to that point. First of all, we will have this $150 million increase in Q1 related to the annual compensation cycle. So put that piece aside. If you strip that out of our Q1 2014 numbers, what I was saying was that if you strip that out, if you took the Q1 2014 versus the Q4 2013, we would expect the comp and benefits to decline over that period, mainly because we don't anticipate those expenses that supported the new business in Q4 to continue through Q1.
Michael William Bell: Well, it was the bulk of the rest of the increase from Q3 to Q4 if you strip out the $12 million of the benefit plan change in Q3. So round numbers, call that $15 million. I would, again, anticipate that $15 million not being there in Q1 of '14.
Michael William Bell: It tends to be the latter. It tends to be fixed fee arrangements or other particular services, again, just not specifically tied to either transactions or basis points on assets. So again, an example -- I keep harping on it, but just to give the example, $6 million of the -- of the servicing fees from Q3 went away in Q4, and these were out-of-pocket expense recoveries where we do spend money, in this case on information systems, but charge the client dollar for dollar for that. So again, there is a drop in information systems but a drop in revenue. So it's those kinds of things, Cynthia. Again, we'll look to add some transparency on that over time.
