Jay Hooley: Thanks, Ilene and good morning, everyone. As you've seen in our announcement today, we started the year with strong business momentum across our asset servicing and asset management business, as we continued to deepen client relationships, win new business and advance our digital leadership. First quarter results included strong EPS growth and improved return on equity. Importantly, we continue to see momentum across our core franchise. Strength in equity markets and new business lifted our asset under custody administration with growth of approximately 11% from first quarter 2017 to more than $33 trillion. We announced record new servicing commitments of $1.3 trillion in the first quarter with total new business yet to be installed of $1.6 trillion. We're seeing strength across our pipeline, both geographically and by capability. State Street Global Advisors finished first quarter 2018 with asset under management levels of $2.7 trillion, up approximately 7% from first quarter 2017, driven by strength in equity markets and ETF flows with continued traction in our low cost ETF products launched last year. Furthermore, we continue to realize benefits from State Street Beacon, our multi-year program to digitize our business and drive new solutions and innovations for our clients as evidenced by this quarter's announced wins. Beacon investments are enabling us to go beyond traditional custody services and provide greater speed, scale and quality declines globally. Additionally, our ability to deliver new tools and functionality is proving to be a meaningful factor, and from a differentiation in clients decision to expand their relationship with us across asset classes and funds. But to conclude, I'm very pleased with our financial performance to-date. Revenue growth was strong driven by both fee revenue and net interest income, reflecting higher U.S. market interest rate, continued market appreciation, new client business wins and higher trading activity. We really focused on expense management, while calibrating investment in our business with the revenue environment and prudently investing in new products and solutions. We also purchased $350 million of our common stock and declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.42 per share in first quarter 2018. And importantly, we continue to be well positioned to achieve our financial objectives in 2018, including delivering full year positive fee operating leverage. Now over to Eric.
Jay Hooley: I would say, Jim, it's been steady and quite positive. I don't – these two transactions maybe a little bit of an outlier. But we continue to see opportunities across the spectrum. And we'll continue to be positioned, whether it's the alternative world, the ETF world or traditional fund world. Folks consolidating, doing more. The more outsourcing piece, which Brian's question got into a little bit. There's more middle-office activity. There is increasing interest in having us wire together the back office and the middle-office. Through DataGX, we're offering new database analytics services. I mentioned the liquidity stress testing. So the environment is such that not only asset managers but also asset owners, big pension funds – our craving more outsourcing, more analytics, more ability to respond to regulatory requirements. So you might say at, one level, it’s may extent that there is a lot of pressure in our client set. And that with normal pressures back to us. But it's also – it also comes with pretty steady opportunity to do more for them. And some of the referenced spend on technology is designed to stay ahead of the new product opportunities, which are pretty vast as well. So strong, broad environment for new business. No real change. I don't see it leading up be there.
Jay Hooley: And Mike, just on the – did any asset management business come along this. No, because most of these bigger deals were asset managers themselves as supposed to asset owners. They build us, applicable as a asset management prospect.
Jay Hooley: Yes, let me try to unpack that, Gerard. I think that as a general theme, it's always been true that the more complicated the transaction is, the better the pricing. And that may sound counterintuitive. But I think when you have commoditized activity throughout the bid, there's a lot of people that can compete. And when there is a lot of people, pricing gets more difficult. The – I'll just give you a couple of it been yet, the one deal that we talked about crosses three different geographies. And it's very complicated. It's a very involved service model where you've got a trading desk in the couple of different locations. You've got product servicing capability in other three locations, it's middle office, back office. So that narrows the field as far as the number of folks that can compete. And as a result, pricing gets better. And I'd say that's the theme generally holds. I think in other vignettes would be – when someone's doing this work on their own and they're making a decision through outsource it, which is another one of the situations that I had referenced. And that gets a little bit more complicated because try to understand what once internal cost are becomes a factor. But I would say, in that case, it was really less about cost, more about the – they wanted to go with the risky business of doing fund accounting globally at scale across a number of different products. So I think it still holds true that the more involved the activity is by geographies and bilayers of service moving back to front office, generally the better pricing gets. I don’t know if that’s helpful.
Jay Hooley: Sure. There's really no messaging at all. I think the full year outlook that we gave in January is fully operative. It was operative in February when we went to an industry conference that was – it’s operative now. I think what we’re going to do is keep it simple when the outlook changes, will do a new slide and thereby, kind of adjust our messaging. What I will do and I did verbally this quarter is if quarter-on-quarter there are always some seasonality or other swings, I’ll signals those verbally, but no message at all. We're just trying to keep the slide deck compact save an extra tree in the process and – but the full year outlook commitment that we've made in January, in our minds is a commitment. And our intention is and – and we have confidence that we'll deliver that.
Jay Hooley: Okay, great. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to getting together at the end of the second quarter. Thanks.
Eric Aboaf: Hey, Brennan. It's Eric. Let me describe a little bit of our intentions here. Clearly, as we enter this market with rising rates, it's a natural time for us to consider how much to keep on non-HQLA assets versus other interests earning assets. We've made a choice to continue to optimize that part of the balance sheet. And what you'll see us doing over time is shifting some of that into interest earning assets for clients, right? And I'll – some of that will be lending, as you've asked about come back that in a moment. Some that'll be support the enhanced custody business, some that'll support our other activities. And then another portion, just we reinvested in interest earning assets that HQLA qualifying, and thereby, balance out the balance sheet. So I think you'll see us continue to design the balance sheet in a way that supports multiple objectives. In terms of lending, our lending growth, and you see mid-teen lending growth over the last year. It's been consistent over the last couple of years. We lend to 40 Act funds, we lend to the parent companies of some of our large clients, we do capital call financing for some of our private equity client. And so, that's the kind of, I'll call it, near end lending that will be – that'll continue to be the core of what we do. And our perspective is that some of that lending is remunerative on its own. Some of that lending is actually positive, because it gives us an extra way to interact and to connect with our clients. And that's something that they value. And sometimes actually ask for as part of the servicing mandates for others that we participate in.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, yes, I think the way to think about our balance sheet growth is that you dial back three years, we needed to compress the size of our balance sheet and kind of focus of the most valuable part of the funding of the deposits that we had. And we did that like many other. I think last year, we felt like we had also seen another tick up in balances and some currencies and some overall balances. And we felt like we had to continue to trim and make it more compact and kind of more higher NIM generating. I think we've gotten to a point over the last couple of quarters where we're comfortable with the size of our balance sheet and we signaled, as part of January outlook, that we're comfortable with modest growth. And so you saw a little bit of that, quarter-on-quarter. The trimming of the investment portfolio gives us an ability to do that. Deposits now, in dollars in particular, come in at healthy margins. And it's just another way to engage with all of our clients, whether it's the asset managers, whether it's the alternative providers, whether it's some of the FX kind of parties. They all value the ability to leave their cash with such a highly-rated counterparty. And our perspective is, that's part of what we can do and should do. And if you come full circle, that's a good service for them and provides good earnings and earnings growth for us.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Glenn, I'd just add that, it showed some real positive momentum in the business. I'd just be careful. It's hard to model how and when that this. Some new business comes in right away. Some of the simpler activity. Some of the more complex stuff takes time. We're not going to, in any particular quarter, give guidance as to when stuff is going to get installed or not. I think we're just going to overdo it then. But there is a range, right? Sometimes you bring on an alternative mandate and you get 5 or 6 bps because of the fee structure. Sometimes it comes on as custody accounting administration, so you get what might be typical in terms of fee yield. And sometimes, you might just get custody because there may be other activities in discussion or possible down the road. And so you start with your foot in the door, so to speak. And that comes at a fraction of the typical or the average fee rate. So there is a mix there. I think it's a nice positive momentum from a business standpoint, which makes us feel a little good about the progress and successes today.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Glenn. Good observation, what the – the immediate change that you noticed, which is really just a quarter-on-quarter change on the asset side of the balance sheet. So we'll come back on the liabilities on the asset side as we sell down the Non-HQLA securities. You know the bulk of those were credit instruments. Credit instruments tend to be floating rate. So the mix changes just in kind of a percentage nature, not in a dollar amount. We've continued to maintain, though, the asset-sensitive balance sheet that we've had. And we feel good about that. That's paid out nicely over the last two years and – so our asset sensitivity still remains in the range where we'll – where we're positioned for a rising rates, in particular, in this short end of the curve.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Alex. Fair question. There's always variability quarter-on-quarter on both the revenue side and the expense side. You saw that on the revenue side with the FX swaps. And in that processing other line that we have, it's really the kind of all other line. Every bank has that somewhere in their books. And so you have the swaps. And then we had slightly better results from that a year ago. Slightly below average this year. And so the year-on-year actually got accentuated. You have other stuff in there. Small stuff. You have the mark-to-mark on the seed capital for a new asset management fund, which was positive a year ago. You've got the tax advantage investments and how much they run through revenue. On the negative side, that was less negative a year ago. So you kind of have those puts and takes. And that's why in addition to the FX swap, we saw lower than typical processing in other line and that impacted the top line part of operating leverage by one point for FX swaps. And then there is another point but it's small stuff, which we don't like to get into, but just tends to play through. On the expense side, if you think through expenses, you keep an eye on currency translation, keep an eye on the accounting, the revenue recognition accounting standard and then the absence of restructuring, underlying expenses were up 4%. That's the [indiscernible] given the revenue momentum in the business, but came in just a little more than it may in a typical quarter. So we had some of the ramp-up cost, as you mentioned, of new business, right? And that kind of has some ebbs and flows. But as you imagine as you bring on new business, before you bring it on, you've got to run in parallel. Before you run in parallel, you got to set up. Some of that is technology cost, which is typically expense. Some of that is people, some of that is underlying processing. And so there are periods where one quarter or even two quarters, we can pick up expense in advance of the revenues.
Eric Aboaf: Let me take those questions in the order that you asked. So betas came in reasonably well relative to expectations. So we've been signaling that they've been floating up. We had betas in the U.S. in the low 40% range, which is kind of right where we had thought they would come. That's up from last, I guess, the last rates hike we had. We had it about 25%. So we're kind of in – we've been moving up in line with our expectations. The part of the balance sheet that performs better than expectation was actually that transition from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing, was actually slower than we've continued to model. And so if you think about interest-bearing betas are at expectations or even though a bit better. But total deposit betas, right? Because that's what really matters, that's come in better than expected. And I think if I step back, I think that's in the range of what we've seen in peers. I think you see some types of deposits are – that corporate deposit money, very high beta. Or the well management money, very high beta. The retail is very low beta and we tend to be in the middle as a custody bank. And so we've been pleased with those results. And finally, just on the FX swaps, that's – you've got it right. They – instead of being in NIR, that FX swap cost, that ended up in processing fees. If they had qualified for hedge accounting, they would've been in the other line. I think going forward, we – our intention is certainly to put as much as possible into the NII line by making sure they qualify for hedge accounting. But even more importantly, our perspective is, we should bring down the volumes of FX swaps. They were up at the – the kind of $15 billion to $20 billion level. They're now in the $10 billion to $15 billion level. And actually trending at the lower end of that range. Our intention in the coming quarter is to bring down even further. And as we've trimmed the investment portfolio by trimming the dollar portion of the investment portfolio on non-HQLA side, that actually, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, can actually bring down the swaps further. So our perspective is to align the balance sheet over time, so that it's as currency matched as possible. That'll bring the swap cost down. And in fact, it'll give us, over time, the ability to take advantage of swap dislocations and actually do a little bit better depending – one way or the other.
Eric Aboaf: Let me – why don't we have the IR team follow up off-line. I think you're – there is a two parts of the answer to that question. First, the FX swap cost were $15 million this quarter and they were a $7 million benefit a year ago. So the $22 million I called out, the delta year-on-year. So you've got to adjust for the absolutes. And then we can work with you on the line item part of the balance sheet. I think directionally, it should go against the non-U.S. domicile depositors. I'll remind you, this is a domiciled view of depositors, not the currency view. Sometimes, those are similar. Sometimes, those are not. So you've got to be careful there. And we do have some extra footnotes at the bottom of that average balance sheet page of the supplement to try to help. But why don't we just do that offline with you and help with the modeling.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, let me take that, Brian. We – we're not in a position to name the names. But you have it right that there are a couple of meaty transactions which make up the bulk of that $1.3 million. And they're both kind of multidimensional. I described one as multi-geographic of full custody, admin, middle-office. Both existing clients that we had a small piece of. And then the other really represents more of a custody fund accounting fund admin. Mostly U.S. And these will feather in over the course of the next year with component parts along the way till we get it fully implemented. But I think, I would go back to my point, they do represent what I've been saying all along, which is the – we're getting more clients that are consolidating with fewer providers. And increasingly the pressure felt by the asset management industry on multiple dimensions, the active to passive, the regulatory pressure they're feeling. Both of these clients, by the way, took advantage of our new capabilities and liquidity, monthly liquidity reporting, which is a new SEC requirement. So I think it's more outsourcing. It's more consolidation. All good news. And we also had our typical range of new business as, I mentioned, across hedge, across ETF, offshore domiciles. So a really good momentum. You mentioned the BlackRock offset, I mean, they – all of this kind of offsets, generally, the BlackRock outflow, which I think we said will kind of commence somewhere mid-year and that'll take a year to roll out as well. So it all – collectively, it gives us greater confidence in our ability to meet the guidance that we provided on service fee growth rates for 2018.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Jim, there is some, I think, part of – there are a couple of things going on. There is the quarter-end spikes versus the averages. There is a natural seasonality in the deposits as well that I think some of the others have referenced, January, February, tends to be higher. And then March a little lighter. So there is that trend, which I heard mentioned outside and we obviously see some version of that are custody books are similar enough. So I wouldn't read too much into the end of periods or the monthly, I mean deposits tend to have and flow. The discussions we've had with clients are not strictly on price. I mean they shouldn't be and we don't want them to be and in fact clients – if that's not the client that we are looking for and vice versa. Because that it ends up being hot money, I mean, we do tier pricing, right? Appropriately for larger clients versus smaller ones, we differentiate dollars and other currencies. There are relationships there that we engage in, but it's part of the relationship. It's part of all clients have immediate cash that move them around all the time. They have cash that’s somewhat stable. There’s some cash actually sleep into some money market funds, so we support to our asset management arm. They all have a waterfall of cash and cash availability and our perspective is we should engage with them on that, but prices are result of a lot of other things. It tends to not be something we need it with and we won’t need with it. And in fact, if you look at the underlying pricing and betas and so forth that we described in the U.S. market, which is easiest for all of you to take a look at it, we've actually been disciplined on that deposit pricing and our view as we should continue to do that.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Mike, I might just add to that, as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks both on some of the Q&A, right. The expenses do have a little bit of variability to them and we talk about the ramp up cost, those come and go and that's kind of the installation, right. And some of that can’t be quiet, Beaconize the way, because it takes custom effort to plugs client in, and especially some of our largest clients, remember are acquired for spoke in unique, and so connecting them some effort. I mentioned the sub-custard fees, which were higher this quarter as emerging markets as we sell more flows in emerging markets. We ended up with more volumes there and the market levels take fluent in. And as you say, we continue to invest carefully on the tax spend line, you see us float up purposely because we see headroom on the revenues. We want to spend some on the – we want to spend some on for client functionality and product development and so forth. I will remind you and the others that first quarter expenses typically are up relative to fourth quarter, right, by about $150 million because of that seasonal effect, the differed incentive comp which comes through, in one way, once a year. So just keep an eye on that as you think about the modeling, right? This is not the new run rate this is exactly not what it is. And then finally, you mentioned the headcount. It's something we actively manage. Overall headcount is up, as you pointed out, 6% to 7% range. High cost location headcount is actually down 3%, which is a purposeful movement from the – some of our geographies to others. We found the really strong capabilities in our global hubs, which we have around the world in China, India, Poland. And so that's another part of the Beacon effort. But you won't see that in the nominal numbers because of the transition in kind of bubble headcount that you create floats up.
Eric Aboaf: I think there's always going to be some expense and revenue variability. I think one way to think about it, Mike, is we gave an operating leverage range for the full year, right? That we committed to, 75 basis points to 150 basis points on a fee operating leverage basis. So on a full year basis, you can imagine there is 75 basis points of variability. On a particular quarter, there can easily be variability of 4 percentage point on expenses, right? One way or the other. And that's just the envelope in which we operate. And what we're trying to do is do the right thing by the business over time by quarter and by year. But we want to do that in a considerate manner.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Gerard. The overdraft, that totaled about $5 billion on our undrawn committed lines. That’s not a large number. But it’s large relative to what’s typical. We’ve had spikes in overdrafts. You always have them when there are either – sometimes – when you have storms and weather events, when you have holidays. This one in particular, if you remember we had Good Friday at the end of the quarter. The markets aren’t – half the markets are open, half are not open. And so what happens is you kind of have a little bit of a discontinuity for clients who end up ahead in one part of their funds, short on the other and so draw on their lines. Which is why, to be honest, those lines exist. We’re there for our clients. And are there, delighted to help them as needed. It was literally two, three, four, five clients, so a handful. We know them well. We’ve supported them. And they’ve been good to us. So it’s the kind of thing that will just occasionally happen. We don’t expect it every quarter end. But occasionally, when something is in the environment, like in this case, it was a holiday and a quarter end, you have an effect. In terms of NII, there is not a big effect, because remember NII is driven by average balances over the course of one quarter, right? So all 90 days. Not one day. So this wouldn’t have had a big impact positive to NII. This is really a client accommodation that we’re doing. And we’re there for our clients. And one of the reasons we’ve got such a strong balance sheet is so that we can accommodate clients like that. And that’s the kind of expectation they have, for example, on some of the – some of those larger clients that Jay described have, for a custodial banks like us.
Eric Aboaf: Geoffrey, it’s Eric. I mean that’s been a well studied and modeled endeavor. And I say that in a nice way, because it’s obviously important to us. It’s obviously important to many of you and I think your team and other teams have tried to take that the new CCAR, NPR, the one with the stress capital buffer. And say look, if you had a reformatted stage 3 and all the other bank results back to the last CCAR, how would it laid out. I think as you know, our CCAR binding constraints or let me step back our binding constraints today from a capital perspective start with Tier 1 leverage then depending on kind of where we’re it could be either CET1 or SLR. But that’s kind of core Tier 1 leverage is the binding constraint. I think the early modeling that that we’ve seen and I think the modeling that the industry has done is not particularly different than ours, is that with the FCB and the implementation FCB across the various those five core capital ratios, it seems like the binding constraint will move from the standard Tier 1 leverage to CET1. That should create some amount of capacity. It’s hard to model it precisely, but it seems to create some amount of capacity. And I think others have observed it kind of does the right thing for banks, which is risk related assets should actually be the dominant capital constraint for any bank, right? That’s what a bank is about. The leverage ratio, so there is Tier 1 leverage or SLR should be the backstop. And I think the proposal is both well-intentioned, well designed. There are obviously some refinements that I'm sure we will suggest now there is we'll suggest, but clearly going in the right direction.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, it's Eric. I think at this point, we will pretty mature to make a choice there. I think the rules are – the rules as they stand are obviously constraining in a certain way. I think the actual be the CCAR CV proposal and SLR proposals move in the right direction. There's also the TLAC proposal, which we think is constructive. I mean, not huge amounts, but at least constructive directionally. I think what we'll have to see is how they all come together and remember they may come together little differently in each CCAR period, right. Because the notion of the stress and how the stress impacts us will be different and also, we don't know the Fed models are still fairly opaque, right. We don't know, how the really modeled the balance sheet, how they really model the PPNR given that the signal they're going to change and not grow the balance sheets as much. And so every one of those – I don't mean to avoid the question, but I think you've got the right levers, which is we could add to the deposit base or other balance sheet kind of leverage balance sheet in terms of activities like some sec lending or enhanced custody qualified. We could reduced the press and some of them are callable today, some of them will be callable next year and then year after and so forth. If that one is the binding constraint, right, will be disciplined around disciplined around RWAs right. And depending on how much capacity want to create there with as we did this quarter with the changes in non-HQLA in the investment portfolio, which have RWA will be under consideration. So in a way, I think there’s a lot of optionality that this would create and help from views at this point, but in my mind, it’s the kind of thing we’ll optimize again it’s a better set of – I think it’s a better designed set of rules. And we’ll have a view of how to do that from – I think from a shareholder perspective, which is how do we turn that optimization to higher earnings and earnings growth, how do we turn that into capital and capital return, that’ll be the lends that we’ll use.
Eric Aboaf: It’s not dollar-for-dollar, right, because some of those securities are 50% risk-weighted, some closer to 100%. But I’m saying that, that is another lever that we have and in fact if we have the opportunity to trade off client lending right or non-clients securities. There’s clearly a privatization. We have to make sure it comes with good returns or good wallet – share of wallet from the client. But those are absolutely opportunities that we see and I think what we’re – because we have we still have non-HQLA in the investment portfolio that always be up to grabs as we optimize for our clients.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Mike it’s Eric. Let me – I mean, I think Page 7 of the earnings deck that you all have is probably good one to take a quick look. And I think the – we’re quite circumspect and how we show fee revenues. We show with and without currency translation, we actually do it on the slide so you can find them and I just encouraging to make sure all the comparisons are apples-to-apples and you’ve got enough footnotes here to adjust for revenue recognition. I think the single biggest driver of our revenues is the servicing fees, right? That’s half of our total revenues, $5 billion a year, and $11 billion, $10 billion to $11 billion of revenue. So I think we’re quite pleased with the 10% normal growth there, the 6% adjusted for currency translation. There is no meaningful revenue recognition in there. So that’s quite solid. And that last year, right that’s half our revenue, last year was up 4% adjusted for currency on a full year basis, and been in about that range. So we’re pleased with that. Every quarter will be a little different there. But that’s a good performance. I think some of the other roles management fees, trading, securities finance came in more less with expectations and I do think processing other is the biggest disconnect remember year ago, we had a gain on sales $30, so that cost up 1.5%. You had the FX swaps delta, which was 22. And then if you still do the comparison between the year-on-year, there is another, in 20, 25 of just small ins and outs that tended to add a positive last year and negative this year. So I don’t think you’re missing anything. I think there’s just some variability here on that line. And when against this quarter it will tend to neutral in other quarters and positive in still others. So overall I think we feel like there is good momentum in the business. We’re pleased with the results, I think the line item geography was a little bit unfortunate on the FX swaps. But nice way in our minds to start the year, a good step-off and we’re obviously working on the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter.
