Eric Aboaf: Let me start on the quarter and then we’ll talk a little more about the momentum in the business. I think we felt like we had a solid quarter here. As you saw, servicing fees were up 7% year-over-year in aggregate. I mentioned about 3 percentage points of that was just currency translation. So the underlying growth was around 4%. If we were to decompose the 4% and you know there’s always a mix of items here, the largest positive driver was equity market appreciation. So equity market appreciation across the low equity markets were up north of 20% on average. That translated to about 6% tailwind in servicing fees for the quarter. And then against that we had the normalized amount of -- the normal amount of fee headwinds of about 2%, which brought us down to the net 4%. So it was a good quarter. I think what we continue to focus on is there tends to be some tailwind in our model from flows and client activity. This quarter we had some of that but we also had it a year ago in a good amount, so that was relatively neutral on a year-on-year basis. And then the other component is net new business. And as I’ve said I think pretty clearly, we have had lighter sales quarters over the last four to six quarters. We need to take that up. And as that happens, we’ll be in a position to have net new business growth. For the time being, net new business is relatively neutral, which is okay but not enough and not at the levels that we’d like to be and that’s, I think, partly why we have been real clear around the amount of net new business we need to win. We’ve been actioning that on a segment basis or regional basis. You’ve heard about our coverage model expansion. All those are components of that acceleration, which I think are well along and starting to show some positive results as I highlighted and asset managers, for example, an alternative and that I think will be to our advantage in the coming time periods.
Eric Aboaf: We’re on the capital return plan that’s largely driven by our common equity Tier 1 ratios, which had some volatility this quarter but are still solidly above, I think, or we’ll return solidly above the range. So we’ve got confidence in what we can do there. On Tier 1 leverage, there are probably a couple of different aspects of that matter. I think, first, we’d like to operate in this quarter of 5.25% to 5.75%. And we have some little more room in the balance sheet to -- if we get pushed on deposits. But as you remember, we also have some ability to adjust that. If you recall, we added some discretionary deposits over the last two year time period, and those are in the $10 billion, $15 billion, $20 billion range, so there’s some tactical ways we can accommodate clients and then continue to manage the size of the overall balance sheet. I think we certainly have an ability occasionally to move outside and below the range on the 5.25% if we’re the right way around. And right now, it’s right way risk, so to speak, because it’s clients rather is coming to us because of the strength of our brand, that’s pushing that ratio. And so we can always do that for a quarter or two if necessary. And so part of what we’re very mindful of is how do we continue to support our clients during this time of fed easing. And so there are ways to navigate through that during the year, and we kind of see that as just part of our normal business activity.
Eric Aboaf: A couple of things just to keep in mind first. First quarter every year is always our low point on margin and ROE because of the seasonal deferred incentive compensation expenses. So those come through and then we’ve got to take a full year look. So I’d just be a little cautious on that. I think more broadly in terms of ROE that’s really a focus. I think you’ve seen in our proxy over the last few years, ROE has a management target. We added margin to that and now fee revenue. So we’re incredibly focused on those three major leverage points. And I’ve got to tell you I’ve got entire management team who’s thinking about those every month and every quarter. I think the way I think about ROE is probably from a couple of perspectives in terms of its trajectory. I think, first, continued work on margin. And this year, we’re just trying to hold margins steady, notwithstanding given the falling interest rates. But you’ve seen us actually hold expenses flat and fee revenues up. That is going to, over time, extend margin and filter back into ROE and every 2 points of expansion in margin is a point of ROE. So there’s real, I think, flow through there. And then I think the second one you hinted is around capital return. We’re very pleased to return 100% of earnings this year, this quarter, in the first quarter, in line with the fed limits. We’ve done that again in second quarter. And we’re committed to a pattern of capital return as a way to return capital to investors and to drive up ROE. And so I think there’s a path in that way as well.
Eric Aboaf: I think the good news here is while we have some fee, money market fee waivers, we don’t have the size of money market fee waivers that others are seeing around the industry just because of the more institutional nature of our money market complex. So I think that’s some context to help with. The money market fee waivers are effectively driven by short end rates. It could be everything from overnight repo to one month and three month treasuries. And effectively, as one and three month treasuries fell from kind of 8 basis points, 9 basis points down to 3 basis points, 4 basis points and 5 basis points in March, you’re starting to get to the point where the reinvestment rate against the management fee rate starts to be inflected. And as a result, we are at that pressure point. And literally, the 4 basis points or 5 basis point move at the point does have the impact as you’ve seen. I think the good news here is we’ve continuously cash inflows into our complex, part of that comes from the easing and the monitory policy that we’re seeing. Part of that is, I think, we have an attractive set of offerings. And I’ll tell you that that’s all been factored into our guide and part of what we’re managing through.
Eric Aboaf: I think the best way to understand it is the short rates had an impact in the first quarter, and then we’ll now have three months worth of that in the second quarter, so that’s what drives the the additional nudge down from what we would have preferred to have seen. On long end rates, long end rates have been a headwind all through last year as they came down, and now even at this current level are a headwind for the portfolio. They were a headwind in the portfolio, for example, from 4Q to 1Q by about 5 points of NII, but has started to work against the long end rate impact is premium amortization, which has started to come down and that was actually a tailwind sequentially of about 2 points of NII. And so you’re kind of having this continued headwind from long end rates, which just has to play through. Remember, the average duration of the portfolio is about three years. Think about when long rates were -- when the rate cycle started was a year ago, so there’s another year of long end rates being a headwind. What we’re now looking for is the premium amortization to slow down. Now we need to be careful about the pace of that slowing down, but that is expected to slow based on the various models, and that starts to create a partial offset to those long end rate headwinds. And what we’re looking for is the crossover point. And we think sometime in the second half of this year, long end rates will still be a headwind but premium amortization should begin to offset that and thus, the collection of those two will be roughly neutral. And that’s effectively why we don’t see an uptick because that long end rate headwind just continues on effectively for that two to three year time period that has to flow through the books. And what we need to see over time is for premium amortization to fall substantially enough so that there is some uplift. We just don’t see that happening this year. And I think the question is how and when that begins to turn. And what I’m trying to do is avoid getting out ahead of us because we just need to see it play out, and I think we’ll know more in the coming couple of quarters.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, let me just step back a little bit because we’re not and we’ve never really talked about individual clients, individual client wins and how we onboard the revenues expenses. You’re getting at a level of, I think, specificity that’s not something we typically go into and we don’t because we want to be respectful of our clients, respectful of various positions. I think what I would tell you is and you’ve seen us with other wins describe them. We often say that there’s a range of products that come over from a client as part of a win, some come more quickly and some take more time. And I think I’ve been on record saying custody tends to come more quickly often, but not always. Accounting, middle office, Charles River takes time. And the larger the installations, the more time it takes. And you are right in your view that some of those expenses we build a bit in advance because we’ve got on board, we’ve got to do some of the professional development and technology connectivity for that. So anyway, I think you have the right outline. And I think what we’re going to to do in general is help everyone understand the momentum of our business. Part of the reason I give the quarterly guidance is to give you a little bit of insight to what we expect. And that’s all of our client activity, all of our wins, our to be installed business factors in.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Betsy, I’d just add that, as Ron described, there’s a whole -- across the whole value chain, all right? There are ways for us to participate in crypto and you’ve seen us do that, announced a forth. I think we’re also very conscious of where is the white space, where are there near-term opportunities. And we think ETF, crypto ETF is an important one. Why? Because it takes something that is a bit on the side, a little bit more retail and makes it mainstream. It makes it mainstream for retail and for institutions. It increases access. And so we’re very active and you saw one announcement. We’ve got a strong pipeline of clients because these are, by and large, our clients who are innovating in crypto ETF. And while many of those need to go through a regulatory approval stage, they all need record keepers and administrators, right? The core of this is the credibility that we could bring. And we think that’s a real area of white space where we can lean in and both support our clients and also be a real important participant and player in one of the emerging spaces.
Eric Aboaf: The -- well, there are different capabilities, right? There’s everything from custody of the tokens itself. We often partner to do that, and we had subcustody relationships, just itself. We often partner subcustody relationships in core assets. Recordkeeping and administration is something that we have the capability today to do, which is why we’ve been appointed by several ETF providers who are in various stages of the regulatory approval process. And I’d say that’s not just appointed here in the U.S., but we have pipeline and appointments in -- around the world. Germany is a very advanced market in this space, Canada, Australia. And so -- but that record-keeping administration capability we have today and are ready to roll that out in support of our clients.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Ken, good question. We always have to be mindful of the balance between NII growth driven by the investment portfolio and the amount of AOCI risk that we take, especially now that we’re in place where rates are likely to either stay flat or rise. And the question is, are we going to get a rate shock or not. So we just need to be careful of that. We took a little bit of duration off the table in the first quarter as rates rose. Remember, naturally, our MBS duration will lengthen. And so that was one of the reasons we shortened up is just to protect against that. And I think the team that we had did quite a nice job of doing that early in the quarter, and protected some of what we wanted to around AOCI here. It does put us in a position where we have some cash that we can put to work in the coming quarters that is included in our -- in the outlook that I gave and it will provide a partial offset to the long-end rate downdraft that we continue to see. But we are also at the point where the investment portfolio was resized relative to a year ago by a solid 10% larger. We did that. But it does need to have -- there’s a certain capacity that we can run. And it’s in the right range, though we may -- we will had a little bit, adjust a little bit trade around the edges to make the most with what we have.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. The episodic items that I mentioned, two of them were worth about 0.5 point of CET1. So all else being equal, we printed 10.8%. We would have printed 10.2%, 10.3% if they hadn’t flowed through. flag if they come in a little heftier which might occasionally push ratios down a bit or lighter, which sometimes happens as well, which will push ratios up and that’s fine. These are just pretty typical overdrafts occasionally spike up and you spike up overdrafts $2 billion to $3 billion on the base of our balance of it having a sort of derivative positions when the dollar is in the money, strongly, we end up because the book is hedged. We have liabilities and assets in that book. We, in this case, as the dollar strengthened, we ran positive mark-to-market. But that has a -- that gets weighted heavily by the RWA standardized rules. And so you kind of had 4 -- $3 billion to $4 billion RWA move, which actually literally has remediated back over the last two weeks as the dollar move the other -- in the other direction. So anyway, just part of running the business and we’ll always have some of this volatility. But at this time, it costs us about 0.5 point on CET1, and we -- it’s reversed since
Eric Aboaf: Sure. Brennan, I think the biggest thing that’s happening right now is that as ACA rise very significant due to equity markets and actually are offset a little bit by lower bond markets that we have that anomalous fee rate impact just because it’s not a point for point change. Remember, every 10 points of change in AUCA effectively drives a -- if it’s driven by equity markets, a three-point increase in servicing fees, right? It’s that different, which means the fee rate just naturally and just mathematically comes in lower. It’s not like the asset management business where it tends to almost be percentage linear, where 10% and 10% have played through between AUCA and servicing fees. So I think that’s the biggest item that plays through. If we look at first quarter to first quarter, the year-on-years and you’ll see that for the rest of the year. So I’d just be very careful about that just mathematical result. I think if you step back and open up the lens on servicing fees, and I think you saw we had a good result this quarter sort of seeing fees up 7% year-over-year, nominally, 4% adjusted for currency translation. I guided in second quarter that servicing fees, again, would be in that 7% to 8% range. There’ll be a few points of currency translation that again, but that’s still a very healthy growth rate. A lot of that, most of that is driven by the equity market appreciation offset by some of the bond markets, and that’s part of our business model that’s always part of our business model. And when equity markets are going south, it’s part. And when they’re going up, it’s part. So that’s the large driver right now of the revenue growth, and we think that at these levels of equity markets that we’re at, we’ve got a strong of year-on-year comparisons that we expect for second quarter and then you can -- we could model out for the year.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, good question. I appreciate your being candid and direct. I think two things happened exogenously that mattered since the beginning in March when we stirred up the numbers and now. First is we’ve seen the short rates persist at a much lower level. And so I think when we were here early March, where we’re going to have one-month and three-month treasuries sit at four basis points for the rest of the quarter, rest of the year, or were they going to bounce back? And they’ve clearly sat here or been weighted down. So I think that cost us about $5 in first quarter and relative to where we would have been cost us effectively another $5 in 2Q, which means kind of $10 cumulatively in 2Q, $10 in 3Q, $10 in 4Q, so that’s not a -- I think that’s not a welcome development. Now if they bounce back, we’ll have some upside, but that’s real, and then the other one that we’re, I think, all just careful about is the attenuation of the MBS premium amortization. And I think you’ve seen a number of commentators talk about that around the industry. The last print that we all saw from the -- from Fannie, Freddie, had a small acceleration of prepayment rates instead of a downtick. And I think then by folks. But it’s hopefully the last gas on prepayment as rates have boomed up, and now we’re in burnout mode. But I think that slight one month that I’m fairly confident will be one month, it will be a -- and it’s industry-wide, it’s in the Fannie, Freddie data. I think it’s just a reminder that we don’t -- aren’t sure of the pace of the attenuation of the premium amortization in these MBS books that we all run. We just have to be careful. Obviously, if the burnout goes faster and premium amortization falls more quickly, let me tell you, I’ll be the first to signal that because I, like you and many others, are looking for not only the stabilization and we’re confident in the stabilization now. But I’d love to see better than stabilization, we’re just not quite at that point yet.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, it’s Eric. I think that’s the $64,000 question that many banks are wrestling with, especially as some of the rule changes happen for others on SLR and as we think about leverage ratios. And clearly, we’re in a new world. We had seen post the global financial crisis, the expansion of Fed balance sheet and then its recompression and now we’re in a new era again. I think our general view is that the pots of the banking system will roughly track the Fed monetary policy expansion, so it will do so in waves. And I think we saw that in first and second quarter of last year, we saw quite an expansion. And then we saw some flatness in deposit balances. And then as the Fed buying, offset by some of the compression in the treasury’s own portfolio, we saw some further uptick. And we’ve seen that again this year. I think we do expect continued expansion because we expect continued expansion of the Fed balance sheet, we do expect that to come back to banks. And I think from our standpoint, what we’re trying to do is be open for business for our clients, and we’d like to do that every day of the week because that’s important to them. And we’ve got some capacity to accommodate some of this growth as it comes. It’s not infinite that every day of the week because the Fed balance sheet goes up another 20%, 30%, 40%, 50%, we have to see when they’re going to -- when they are going to start to constrain their own bond-buying activities slows down, pause, et cetera, we will, at the right time, to have to just work on some of our discretionary pools of deposits. We have those, and we have some capacity to adjust. We’ve got a suite of options for clients. We -- our deposit rates are at zero or near zero. So for clients, we can certainly facilitate other activities at the right point. That’s not for today or tomorrow or next quarter necessarily. It’s -- but it’s in a year or two that comes, right? We can help them sweep to money market funds. We can help them sweep to -- with treasury securities. We can help them sweep into the repo business. And so we’ll have to just navigate through. We feel pretty comfortable where we are today and in the next quarter or 2. But we’ll just have to see if there’s a wave, we’ll address, and I think we’ll just have to navigate through.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, there is some good disclosure in some of the post quarter-end LCR type information that we and all the banks share. And we can -- I think all the banks share. And we can -- It gives different types of deposits, and it gives different kind of those different liquidity values, which starts to get at some of what you’re describing around operational versus nonoperational, so we can follow up with you.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. We’re always getting a little bit of volatility. I think one of the -- well, one of the things that we have is just overdrafts are coming through as a loan, right, as part of the book, so that’s one. And I mentioned how that, that had a spike up at the end of the quarter. The other one is there’s a good part of our loan book is the private equity firm capital call financing that we do. And that’s had a nice bit of a seasonal effect and then late in the quarter, we’ve -- as we’ve seen these funds start putting more and more capital work, we’d start to have draws on those loans, and those have started to up the -- those draws have added to the balances in a nice way, and that’s one of the reasons that we have -- we see some good continued growth in lending for us.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it’s Eric. On NII, I think the second quarter is the bottom, and that’s why I’ve said likely to be at $460 million to $465 million per quarter for the rest of the year. So I think we’ve -- we’re at the stabilization level, plus or minus a few bucks in that, in and around that range. And given what we know today, so we think that we’re there, we’re confident we’re there. And now the question is how long is it flattish at that level? And then when does it pick up in that? I think we’ll know more in the coming quarters. And on the fee waivers, what we’ve done is forecasted what they’d be for second quarter, the net 40-ish or so offset by balances versus the net 15-or-so from first quarter. But that’s predicated on short rates being where they are today, and they’ve been kind of flattish the last 30, 45 days, and -- but that’s the assumption. We’re obviously hoping short rates stay flat or actually move up, that’s supposed to go the other way. And so it’s just based on that.
Eric Aboaf: There really, Vivek, it’s Eric. There really two -- probably, two or three triggers or break points for us. I think one is the outright level of rates in -- we’ve seen some good movement in 10, we’ve not seen that much movement in 5s. And so the question is a little bit, when does the curve more broadly move because we -- while we’d like to put more money to work, we need to be a little careful of our duration because with duration comes AOCI volatility. And so it’s and so it’s curve that would be good to see. And right now, 5s are in the, whatever, 85, 90 basis point range, it’d be nice to see them a good bit higher. And 10s, for 10s to pay off, either in clean duration treasuries or an MBS, we need higher rates, a good bit higher before where we’re on to make that trade at the right levels of higher rates, you get the benefit if rates were to come down off a positive AOCI, so that’s helpful. But we’re not at that level where we -- everything great is going to come back down very quickly. And so we actually need more of an upswing before we really lean into the trade. It doesn’t mean we won’t trade around the edges and trade the slope and so forth, but that’s probably a little bit of framing that might help.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Vivek, this was a legacy matter that dates a number of years ago. There were some costs that we, at this time, thought were reimbursable that were by either clients or other partners that we had. They did accumulate on the balance sheet, and we came to the conclusion recently that they’re not reimbursable. And so effectively, they need to be expensed, and so we cleaned up the books here. But it dates back a number of years, and we made the adjustment accordingly. And then I don’t know if Ken is still on, operator, but just to clarify, I misspoke a little bit on his RWA question. RWA was up, as I said, for -- in an episodic way about $5 billion or $6 billion this quarter. Had it not been up, our $10.8 million CET1 ratio would have been in the 11.2% to 11.3% range.
Eric Aboaf: That was inclusive. So it’s all in guidance. It covers all the ins and outs of the business, including the update on money market fees.
Eric Aboaf: I think I’ve split the difference on that. It’s -- the market’s moved so much, we’re trying to give some directional guidance. I think the -- for equity markets, we’re still assuming the point-to-point increase in the period last year and the period this year of 10 percentage points. We’ll see if that stays or not, given where we are, and we wrote this over the last week. So, we’re also assuming equity markets stay around where they are now, which would line up with that endpoint as well.
Ron O’Hanley: Why don’t I just add to that, the second part of your question, I think what you’re basically asking is how does Alpha fit in all this and how does it change those numbers? Clearly, we’re pleased with the progress with Alpha 3 reported wins in the first quarter. And as we noted, one that we reported already for the second quarter, about a third of our business to be installed, the $463 billion to be installed is Alpha related and we would expect that to grow just given some of the things that we’ve talked about. What that means, though, is these are longer installations. Remember, in effect, we’re becoming the enterprise outsourcer to these clients. So it will be nice revenue impact but we’re talking about 2022 and 2023 revenue impact relatively little of that, certainly the things that we reported for the first quarter will we see in 2021.
Ron O’Hanley: So I mean, I’ll start by just reminding everybody that asset management is a very important business for us. It’s smaller than Investment Servicing but we have quite a good business there. And as we’ve said oftentimes, we’re constantly looking at our strategy. We always look at, first, at organic opportunities to grow and second, inorganic opportunities to grow. And we’ve done a little bit of inorganic, but most of what you see in terms of the progress there has been a result of organic activities, including some of the, as I noted in my remarks, some of the recent growth in Europe. I mean I’m not going to comment on market rumors. We feel very good about the position we have and don’t feel that we have to do something at any point, but we also are looking for opportunities to exploit the position we have and to see if there’s opportunities to grow it. But it will, for us, be primarily driven by organic activities. And secondarily, if there’s something inorganic that makes sense strategically and makes sense to the shareholders then we’ll look at that.
Ron O’Hanley: So there’s a lot of activity in this space and crypto means a lot. It means different things to different people. We’ve been active in certainly digital ledger and blockchain technology for a long time now. We do see this as a growing segment of the marketplace. We’ve got a number of initiatives in place to figure out how we can establish a leadership position there. I think it’s fair to say that the regulatory environment has some catching up to do here and that’s clearly on the minds of regulators, and there’s clearly lots of applications in front of them. But right now, that’s part of the gating factor. But we would view this as a trend that’s here to stay. And I think it’s a combination of how do you think about cryptocurrencies and servicing cryptocurrencies in the fullest form, not just traditional currency but administration. How do you think about in the context of an ETF? What does crypto basket creation look like? But then there’s the other side of this, it’s crypto assets, and we’re very active in thinking about how do we move from custody, something that’s physical or near physical to custodying a token. And what does that mean for us. So it’s a very, very important part of our R&D, and it’s a very, very important part of our share online now.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Mike, that’s underway. And it’s proceeding exactly the way I would describe it. It’s a big complex project, so it’s been a good one to -- I mean it was client number one. We’ve obviously got a lot of other clients since then, some of them much simpler and less complex. But yes, it’s very much underway and on track.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes. Mike, we’ve been very open on this with you over the last few quarters. It’s the latter. Much of the natural growth in this industry is not there any longer, right? If you go back 10 years ago, more than that, much of the growth would be existing clients doing -- opening new funds, opening new fund ranges in different parts of the world. A lot of that is already accomplished. And in many cases, you’re seeing fund closures, right, as every distributor is narrowing their range. And there’s a desire for less choice, not more choice. So it absolutely is about increasing intensity, and we’re starting to see that pay off. We can talk a lot about Alpha, but the way to think about this is Alpha and front-to-back as an and, not an or, right? We still have an existing core business in which we see opportunity to increase penetration, increase penetration in medium-sized asset managers, to continue to grow, what we’re doing with asset owners and insurance companies. So it’s very much about the latter with the Alpha, particularly as we continue to land new assignments and install those as being able to provide yet a little bit more growth over the medium to long term.
Ron O’Hanley: Rob, couple of things on this, part of the sale to a medium-sized asset manager is a whole lot more standardization. It’s not to say that they don’t need customization, but we’re -- much of our success over the years was built around servicing very large asset managers. So much of what we’ve been doing has as much to do with standardizing the product as it does around adding to sales and coverage capabilities. But at the same time, we’ve recognized that how you sell and service to them, including having a way to scale up service in such a way that they’re receiving the appropriate amount of service, at a cost to serve that works for us. And again, that has required us to, in effect, establish a parallel model here and to make sure that we’re delivering expected service that we’re doing it in a way that can be done at the right unit cost for us. So -- and that work is underway. This is not a -- I mean, we’ve talked to you about this on a new problem. And at the same time, what we also want to be able to do is there’s many firms at that median level, that either through their sophistication through their range of products actually do need and can tolerate pricing was a bit of a higher service model. So a lot of this is about really understanding and segmenting the client base and getting our clients into the right bucket, if you will, and making sure that they truly are satisfied based on what their needs that they’re not underserved and they’re not overserved.
Ron O’Hanley: Well, historically, we’ve seen a lot of our growth come from outside the U.S. Very relatively little of it, though, from Latin America, we’ve had elsewhere. We actually have a small but very loyal client base there. We’ve put a few people. This is not a massive investment on our part, but we’ve put a few very skilled veteran people covering that market now, and we’re already seeing some really attractive green shoots. So we see this as a medium- to long-term opportunity. Activity is already happening, even though we’re less than a year into this intensified effort. And so we see it as a nice supplement to what we already have in place in EMEA and APAC.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes, Vivek, it’s -- I would describe it as idiosyncratic is maybe the best way to describe it. It was an extremely large client, a corporate pension fund and was doing what a lot of corporate pension funds are doing these days, right, derisking. So move from quite high up on the fee schedule to a much more of a derisked environment as a result of their asset allocation. I mean that’s a trend that we’ve seen. That’s not new, but the fact that it happens is such a very lower plant that was a very big or it’s gone, ask it all content allocation before them, made it show up in our results the way it has.
Ron O’Hanley: Yes. I mean in terms of the competitiveness of the product, I mean, it’s competitive. I mean it’s -- you can look at it through its -- both its penetration. You can look at it when you lay it alongside our other competitors just in terms of the R&D and the software development we’ve put into it. In terms of the new business achieved, it tends to be a mix. And in many cases, it’s replacing the proprietary OMSs or risk analytics systems or systems that were put in that really aren’t being supported anymore. That tends to be most of it. And I think that tends to be most of it for our big competitors. There’s a little bit of takeaway going on, typically, when somebody is doing some consolidating, but it’s not so much takeaway as it is replacing something proprietary or something that’s just no longer being supported. Which is, by the way, what makes the market attractive versus inherent growth in the market as opposed to duking it out with existing strong competitors.
Ron O’Hanley: Thank you, operator, and thanks to all for your questions. Thanks for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you throughout the quarter.
