Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Let me briefly close so we can get to your questions with really 3 points. The first is that I believe our third quarter results demonstrate our continued resilience amid the difficult environment, as well as the strength of our business model. Second, we continue to invest in our business, expanding the range of solutions we can deliver to our clients. But we're balancing these investments with a clear focus on managing costs across the enterprise, and I hope you'll agree the results of this focus are evident this quarter. And finally, I continue to have confidence in the secular trends that underpin the future prospects for growth in this business. And I believe we're striking the right balance between continuing to invest for the future and aggressively managing costs during this challenging period. As always, we appreciate our ongoing dialogue with shareholders and look forward to continuing to update you on the progress of our company. And with that, I would open the call for questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Let me start that, Glenn. I would say we do have a different structure than what's traditionally referred to as Wall Street, in that we don't have a high variable incentive component of our overall compensation. It's a lot smaller than you'd find typically on Wall Street. So having said that, for us, the key drivers in managing down costs tend to be headcount-driven, efficiency in our core operating models, as well as -- and you've seen some evidence of that this quarter, managing the other cost category, the cost that we incur from outside suppliers. So those are really the big levers that we have. And I think the reason I continue to go back to the IT and ops transformation initiative that we have is that I believe that, that's fundamentally changing the cost drivers in this business. And it's going to take some time, but you'll find those changes will be durable and sustainable over time.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. I think that over time, we've hovered around 40% for a long period of time. And I think that maybe it's obvious, but I'll say it anyway, the fee-based components of the business, the service fee and management fee, I really look to the servicing fee-based business as the offset to that 40%, whereas historically, the market-based revenues, and you know what they are, they're the net interest revenue, securities, finance and foreign exchange, have provided the upside. So I would like to think that the moves that we're making today against a very constrained, market-driven revenue should put us in a position where that 40% should go down over time as we achieve something near-normalized environmental factors, which is consistent with the $600 million cost-save plan, which we're 1/3 of the way into at the end of this year. We should see that ratio go down.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Yes. Happy to do that. You've heard me say before and I think underpinning the BlackRock and the Vanguard statements have been an industry that's growing pretty rapidly and has a pretty attractive growth rate. From our standpoint, our strategy for ETFs, and you've seen, I think, the last 3 quarters some pretty strong net flows, including $13 billion this quarter, has been really to have some positioning in what I would say is the commoditized end of the ETF space, but most prominently SPDR, which is our S&P 500 fund, and then really differentiate through new product introduction. I referenced 54 new products. Those new products almost all have quite a bit higher management fees associated with them. So we think the strategy should be to compete in a commoditized area and in the newer area, which tend to have higher revenues, more innovation. That's where we're putting a lot of our focus from a standpoint of investment. Now the other thing I would say, which I know part of your question is anchored around fees and the movement of fees, our large SPDR fund has and has forever breakpoints in it. So it's kind of a natural -- if somebody gets to a certain size in that fund, they get a natural fee break associated with it, which I think is a little bit of an unusual structure. So we feel like we've structurally made those adjustments around volume and fees in the core products. And as I say, our orientation is primarily towards new product introduction and the other angle I would say is geographic growth. So the ETF business still is largely anchored in the U.S. I think Europe and Asia represent significant opportunities. You won't remember this probably, but we were the first to introduce an ETF in Asia. We're building on that strength. So we think it's a great product. It's got good growth trajectory, which should sustain itself. And we're trying to make sure that we're innovative on the product side so that we're not racing to the bottom on the fee side.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. You're right about the year-over-year, and I would say it's -- the most material factor underpinning that is this -- a derisking that I tried to come on to, which is as our customers shift their asset allocation more to less risky assets, fixed income and money market versus equity, global equity, emerging market equity, there is a meaningful change in revenue per unit of asset. And that's not even including the foreign exchange associated with that. So I think that it's a little bit frustrating, particularly against a backdrop of better equity market, although that equity market growth is based on some pretty thin volumes. And we're just not seeing any broad-based movement to rerisking. So I think the other question you asked, Ken, is what would it take to change that. I intentionally in my prepared remarks talked a little bit about Europe, which to me feels better. I think that if we could -- if Europe looks like just a long, grinding recovery versus high event risk, and I think we're moving to that second phase, where the likelihood of event risk declines. And then I think the focus has moved to the U.S., elections, fiscal cliff. You could paint a scenario that as Europe continues to reduce its tail risk and the U.S. gets through the end of the year and the first part of next year, if there was a scenario where the fiscal cliff got resolved, I think the confidence level, which underpins the thing that's pressuring our service fee revenue, I think you could make an argument that, that's a real positive. And that would cause people to move into riskier assets, which would have a pretty meaningful effect on our revenues. So same assets but allocated differently, and then you'd also bring on the foreign exchange volumes, the volatility, so, so. That tries to explain why the year-over-year is where it is and attempts to give you a scenario where maybe confidence improves, rerisking occurs. And that should result in some pretty meaningful upside to us.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think it's -- stubbornly, it's taking a little longer than anybody thought. The CFTC is pushing hard, but the rulemaking has been a bit slow although steady. We have -- and as you rightly point out, we've put a fair amount of investment into both derivative-clearing initiatives as well as collateral management. And we have customers onboard, so we're even ahead of the final rules from the CFTC regarding derivatives clearing. The buy side is moving to essentially clear some of these things even before they have to, which maybe isn't surprising. And so we're starting to see customers, we're starting to see small amounts of revenue. I think that as the rules get finalized with specific dates, we should start to see a steady stream of revenue associated with these initiatives. And we think it could be material over time. So we still believe in it and the regulations have been slow, but it hasn't deterred us from investing in the platforms and the expertise to position ourselves for it.
Joseph L. Hooley: We see some movement away from -- well, let me back up. The movement from custody FX to its other forms, our pricing is in the service we have, daily electronic servicing tied to an index. That movement has ground away for years, it's accelerated a bit over the course of the last year or so. Middle innings, late middle innings, yes. So it's -- some of it is work-through. I think I would say an additional way to look at it, the way we're looking at it, is there's some inevitability to these trading businesses as they go electronic. And for us, the objective is to retain the volume, to move it to platforms that fit customer needs. And by the way, some customers believe that custody FX is the right fit for them. And in addition, if you look at the foreign exchange franchise that we have here, there's a fair amount of noncustody business. So we've demonstrated that we can grow that business independent of the custody franchise. And we view this as an opportunity to gain share. So we think we've gained share. We know we have the widest variety of options to trade foreign exchange, at least among the trust bank universe. And so what we're doing is trying to gain more volume through more options to offset the natural compression spread that occurs from a voice-traded security to a electronic-traded security. But probably middle innings.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say it's probably a little premature to comment on that. What I can say is, as you know, we've got, I think, it's $200 million of saves associated with IT and ops next year. So that should be a big factor. But we're still, as you'd expect, going through the overall planning for 2013 to determine where we'll peg revenue based on different scenarios and what expense actions we're going to take. So I'd prefer to hold on that one until we get to the fourth quarter and give you maybe a more informed response to that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. I would say pretty good progress, Brian. I think I mentioned in a prior quarter that we've got a fairly structured and organized approach to client profitability, where people fall below margins. We've gone out with a couple of waves, waves being groups, hundreds of customers, where we have proposed fee increases, and the take has been good. The clients largely have accepted fee increases, as you'd expect, where we're starting towards the lower end of our account base. But we've been pleased with the response, and so we're moving up the client base. I think your cross-sell comment is pertinent here because we're a little bit indifferent to how we improve the economics of an individual account relationship. And in fact, we probably prefer to sell them more services, which would collect the net income deficit that we have on our side and grow our revenue stream. And I think we're particularly well positioned when you think about the range and breadth of product that we have to do that. So you'll see -- I think you asked over the next 6 to 12 months. Progressively, we'll work up the account base and make sure that we get to all the relationships that we have. And as I say, I think we have the best toolkit available in order to remedy situations where client profitability has dropped below our target margin. So good progress.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. A good question, Alex. And as you pointed out, we're in CCAR season, almost into CCAR season. And you'll also recall, I think, it's the fourth cycle that with regard to dividends, the Fed has been -- has provided some guidance, let's say, around appropriate levels of dividends. And 30% is the number that we've all been kind of managed to. I think that as we go into the stress test, my comments about Europe, which I think have kind of broadly understood, hopefully it will cause the Fed to, as they have in the previous years, provide a little more latitude or a little bit more nuance to banks that are very well capitalized such as ourselves versus others. So we would expect more and more flexibility as time goes on. The dividend versus the -- first off, I should say that our expectation, and I think Ed referenced this, is that returning capital to shareholders is our #1 priority. So the rate that we're running at today, we would hope to at least be the same going into the next cycle. And depending on what other signals we get from the Fed, that could be adjusted. With regard to the mix of dividend versus buyback, we look at that every year. If we have flexibility, we'll look at whether or not it makes sense. And by the way, we derive a lot of our input from talking to shareholders over time. We'll make that determination. But up until now, there hasn't been too much latitude. I think you're aware of this. The latitude changes, then we'll assess the mix, as well as the overall return level.
Joseph L. Hooley: Absolutely. And I would, further to that, Greg, say that this derisking thing, which is a newer phenomenon in the past several quarters, same applies. So I take it back to confidence the world gets better, investors more likely to take more risk. As investors take more risk, they move out into equity, global equity, emerging equity that drives higher revenues, that drives higher activity volumes as in trading volumes, higher FX. So the other way of responding to your question is we're working very hard to make sure that the core revenue lines have the appropriate level of expense offset against them. We're working in this constrained environment, where low confidence levels, low interest rates are casting a pall on many of our variable revenues. I think as we move through this and get our -- right-size our expenses against those core revenues, there should be a lot of leverage on the upside once things break and confidence restores. And that's what we're playing for.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Let me take that one, Jeff. As far as overall trends, a little bit of reflection of my broader comments, which is we're seeing flows into passive asset categories, cash. I think cash was up $5 billion in the quarter. So it tends to be the more conservative asset classes. Having said that, our new products, the 54 new products that we introduced, good flows into those, too. So mixed, but anchored around lower-risk assets. With regard to the large Asian-based passive fixed income mandate, that was installed in mid-September, so kind of later end of the quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Thanks, Christy. And thanks, everybody, for your attention and good questions. We look forward to talking to all of you at the end of the year. Thanks.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I'll give you those numbers, Glenn. Out of the $211 billion of asset servicing mandates that we announced this quarter, $86.1 billion was installed in the quarter prior to September 30. The remaining $125.2 billion is expected to be installed during the remainder of this year and later. And then in the third quarter, we also installed approximately $115.7 billion of new business and assets to be serviced that we were awarded in prior periods.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I mean, we're expecting low- to mid-single digit growth in customer deposits, which is our estimate at this point in time, Ken. I mean, I would tell you that relative to QE3, which is, I guess, where you're going, we feel that by putting the guidance at the top of the range, 10 to 12 basis points, use 12 for this discussion in terms of the decline next year, that, that captures the pressure that we're going to see on NIM. We've talked about this before, and our initial thinking already had the impact of lower rates included in it. And since we have a limited amount of fixed-rate runoff next year, and that's about a $6 billion number, we feel like the estimated NIR impact from QE3, which would be incremental to the earlier guidance, is in the range of $15 million to $20 million, which is about 2 basis points.
Edward J. Resch: We expect some of that excess -- those excess deposits to transition away. So we're not projecting a significant balance sheet growth next year. No.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, rough. I mean, just like the rub this year, Ken, on the NIM is where excess deposits end up, right? So that's the point of friction.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we're actually not taking much incremental interest rate risk. I mean, our duration gap is shorter this quarter than it was prior quarter, 0.28 was the number at September 30 versus, I think, 0.41 the prior quarter. And we have an offset with mortgage duration coming in, with prepayments accelerating a bit because of QE3. So we feel like we're taking appropriate levels of interest rate risk. And when you see our Q, you'll see the rate -- the ramp and shock are basically in line with prior quarters relative to the effect on our interest rate risk position.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. About $9 billion or so of floating rate, we expected to reset next year for a total of about $15 billion for the year, Howard. And the way that we get to the QE3 effect, which again is incremental to what we said previously and puts us at about 12 basis point decline in NIM year-over-year, is the following, okay? Our fixed-rate runoff yield is about 3.2%. Our new purchases that we expect next year, about 1.2%, principally mortgage-backed securities. The difference is 2%, obviously. Already in the 10 to 12 basis point was about 150%, so the effect of QE3 is an incremental 50 basis points. And 50 basis points on the $6 billion of fixed-rate runoff is $30 million. We're going to average that over the year, so that's how I get the $15 billion. And I say $15 million to $20 million of NIR effect.
Edward J. Resch: We're a little bit lower. I mean, it went down, I think, about 85 basis points when the QE3 was first announced. And I think we're a little bit below the 120 level now.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we're not buying premium mortgages, Brian. No, I mean, we had some prepayments in the U.S. in the quarter that served to actually depress our net interest revenue a bit in the quarter.
Edward J. Resch: If the revenue environment stayed stable, I think we'd probably be in the position where we're considering some adjustments as we work through the quarter. So speaking on that basis with that assumption, I'd say we're probably in the 39% or a little bit below type range for the fourth quarter, Brian.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we're going to continue to work on the cost side. As we've said many times on the call, Alex, the ops and IT transformation program is progressing on track. But I think that you have to go back and look at the basis upon which we said the 400 basis points would be achieved. And that was pegged off of the 2010 results, with all else being equal. And obviously, the world has changed since then. But let me try to break down for you where we think we are relative to the operating margin on a pretax basis, given the success that we've had on the transformation program. And I'll do it comparing September year-to-date this year versus September year-to-date last year. And I think that's the best way to do it. And given what we've done on the transformation program, that should drive 120 basis points of margin improvement, okay? We consider that to be part of the core of the company, of the business. You have to adjust, secondly, for the one-time items that occurred in both '11 and '12. And that actually depresses margin by about 50 basis points, and those are principally securities gains and some nonrecurring items that we've called out over time. So you've got a depression of 50 basis points on the margin. You have 120 basis points of improvement in ops and IT. And that leaves you with the core, okay, including the ops and IT achievement, of up about 40 basis points for your -- I'm sorry, down about 40 basis points for about your 90 basis point decline in margin, okay? So we break it down really those 3 buckets, the ops and IT achievement, the effect of that on the core, and then the adjustment for the one-timers.
Edward J. Resch: They're staying about where they were in the third quarter, Greg. No significant increase or decrease at this point, so in that $15 billion, $16 billion average range.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we said at the beginning of the year, that we expected excess deposits to average about $11 billion for the year. Unless something significant happens in the fourth quarter, that probably won't materialize. And predicated on that assumption, we put the range of our NIM out for the year, Greg, 145 to 155. So if excess deposits are higher, which we probably expect above the $11 billion average, that's the basis for us saying we'll probably be around the middle of the range for the year in terms of NIM. If the opposite were true, we'd obviously be in a higher position relative to NIM.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we'll determine where we're going to set the incentive comp levels up the chain with the normal year-end process. And out of that could come some accrual adjustments, certainly. It depends on how the year ultimately sorts out from a performance standpoint.
