Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. You know, there are a number of factors that drove the upswing in NII into the first quarter. The bulk of that was actually deposit balances coming in stronger than we had expected, both on the interest-bearing side across the stack and non-interest-bearing as well. That made up for the $30 million uptick in the -- in terms of our results relative to our expectation. The repo balances did tick up as well. They were a small part, but worth in NII terms, about a percentage point of more NII than we had expected. And I think what we're seeing is that as the conditions in the economy continue to evolve, clients are holding more cash on their balance sheets, or then putting that into a variety of different instruments. Sometimes it's on deposits, sometimes it's on sweeps, and sometimes it's in repo. And that's also been, in particular on the repo side, been aided a bit by the reduction in the feds overnight repo operation. So it's really a mix of factors that we're seeing, which together though are driving a better NII performance, which we're pleased with.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Brennan, it's Eric again. The previously announced client transition that we had referenced is in line in terms of amounts that we had expected. If you recall, we had said it would be worth about 2 percentage points of servicing fees this year, which is about a percentage point of total fees. And remember, if you go back to our original disclosure over the last couple of years, we had described the total amount to be worth about 2 percentage points of total fees. And we're seeing about half of that come through on a year-on-year basis this quarter and for this year. And so, you know, fully in line with what we had previously described.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, we've been heavily engaged with our clients over the last year, I'd say, year and a half, as we've seen, you know, quite a shift in the industry environment and, you know, the evolution of deposits in the banking system. I'd answer your question in a -- at a couple different levels. I think first, going into this year, we had expected total client deposit balances in the $200 billion to $210 billion. And we now see that in the $210 billion to $220 billion for this quarter, And to be honest, we expect that we continue at around that level. And a lot of that is both the engagement that we've had with clients. They all have cash and we certainly encourage them to bring it to us. And part of that is the way we think about client relationships, client profitability, the client services that we can offer. And so I think some of what you're seeing here in the higher aggregate levels of deposits is due to our management action. You know, I think in addition to that, there do tend to be somewhat higher deposits in the banking system. So the tide has been gently rising, I'd say very gently, and that's been helpful. And we expect that to be relatively neutral going forward, but we'll obviously need to see based on the actions, the various actions at the Fed and how they evolve.
Eric Aboaf: Alex, it's Eric. You know, we're going to continue to see some of the trends that we have been seeing, and it's just a matter of how the various pieces, you know, partially or fully offset each other over time. You know, we're going to continue to see a tailwind from the level of rates, at least given the current forward curve, because that plays through the investment portfolio and gives us a tailwind, as does some continued growth in lending. The headwind that we've been navigating through, which I would describe comes in steps, and sometimes it's a step down, sometimes half a step back up, is around the deposit levels across the interest-bearing stack, where we're just seeing deposits, I think, at nice levels, to be honest, while we continue to see the grind down of non-interest bearing deposits. And we do expect another quarter of that non-interest bearing deposits to trend down and then to flatten out in the second-half of the year. I think, so you'll see those trends continue. I think you'll -- we'll see where we come out. But you know, if you take our guide together, we expect a modest step down into the second quarter, and then we see a leveling off in the third and fourth quarter of our NII. I think in the past we've talked about being in a range of $500 million to $600 million a quarter. We're now seeing and expect to be comfortably above the $600 million per quarter range. But it's those factors as headwinds and tailwinds that'll play through, that'll kind of dictate exactly where we come out. But I think as I said earlier, the level of client engagement that we've had in terms of putting deposits with us, putting deposits at different price points with us. Some of those are the core transactional deposits that need to support custody accounts, and some of those are the discretionary amount of deposits. It's been a real priority for the franchise and I think one that we've shown some good success in. And that's really creating, I think, this better expectation than we had earlier signaled at the beginning of the year, and one that we think will endure and then, you know, provide the stability and over time upside in NII in the coming years.
Eric Aboaf: No, it was sequential for every one of those as you look forward. So it was all on a 1Q to 2Q basis.
Eric Aboaf: What I described is a flatter second-half of the year. And so, you know, there are different paths here, to be honest. And it really will just depend on the level of deposits, the level of interest rates, just how the pale of some of the climate deposit or pricings that we've described come through, or the back end of those. So I gave some, you know, a high level view, but Brian, I think there's a range of scenarios. But we do have some confidence in the expectation that in aggregate, NII will be down 5% from a full-year basis, and that's quite a bit better than the down 10% that we had previously guided towards.
Eric Aboaf: No, let me try to clarify. We expect total NII to be down 5% on a year-on-year basis for the full-year. What I did say is that we expect NII to be in 3Q and 4Q to be roughly the same, to be flattish between those two quarters. And so, you know, now the question is exactly how much does it come down in second quarter, and then from second quarter into the combination of third and fourth quarter, how much does that come down? And there is a range of different scenarios I think you could foresee. But the reason we're trying not to over-spec the exact quarter by quarter by quarter by quarter expectation is there's just underlying volatility out there in the kind of macroeconomic conditions in the risk on risk off sentiment in the central bank's actions right. And then in our client deposit levels. And so hopefully that gives you enough context to go on.
Eric Aboaf: David, it's Eric. We gave guidance at the beginning of the year on a full-year basis purposely, right, because each quarter there's going to be a different set of variables as we navigate through. So we described capital return in aggregate to be around total earnings for the year and we reaffirmed that in our prepared remarks. If you then go into the specifics of the first quarter, remember we had expected a normalization of the lower than usual RWA that came through in the fourth quarter. Some of that is just market factors playing through on the FX book. Some of that is equity markets upticking in the agency and securities financing space. And some of it, to be honest, is just putting capital to work with our clients, where we're engaging with them, and that's driving some of the fee revenue growth that you saw. At the same time, our priority is to get capital back to shareholders. We continued our dividend at pace, as you'd expect. We had some buybacks this quarter. If you do the math, that buyback activity will increase going forward for the next few quarters. We also had the new information about the FDIC assessment. And so we had to accrue for that expense instead of returning capital to shareholders for this particular quarter. So anyway, just a way to describe, we're on track with our priority and to be honest, our commitment to get capital back to shareholders in line with earnings this year. And it will just -- every quarter is a little bit different, but I think you'll see that accelerate into the second quarter.
Eric Aboaf: I think I need to quickly go back to the January remarks, but we did not update those and -- so I think that's a good place, a good estimate to use for the full-year, the one that you had back on the January call. Yes, that's correct.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Yes, that's correct. We're just kind of moving through this past quarter 1 and quarter 2 between the redemptions, the issuance and redemptions and then literally, the tactical timing of some of the dividends, you've got it right. There's one more quarter of elevation in the $50 million to $55 million range next quarter, meaning second quarter and then it will run at about $40 million a quarter from third quarter onwards.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Mike, it's Eric. Let me answer those in reverse order. On NII, what happened in the first quarter was really higher deposit balances across the interest-bearing stock and even relative to our expectations on noninterest-bearing in March. So that changed in a positive way, created an uplift into the first quarter that we had not expected. The last time we gave full-year guidance on NII was back in January when we expected it to be down, on a full year basis, 10% for the full-year. And it's only today that we've reassessed that. We did not reassess that back at the beginning of March. We reassessed that today. And what we're factoring in is the higher step off, the higher level of deposits with us generally. And the fewer rate cuts that we're expecting from central banks around the world. And so that's what gets us to a better full-year guide on NII. If I then turn to the equity market question, how it factors through servicing fees. We need to be -- we need to go through it in pieces. And so let me start. First, what matters to us is not just the S&P equity index, because we're global, right? More than 40% of our revenues are broad, including in emerging markets. And while the S&P is up year-on-year 28%. The All-World Index is up only 18%, and that's what's more material to our financial statements given the international and global footprint that we have. With that 18%, we'd expect a substantial tailwind of servicing fees on a year-on-year basis and up 4% to 5% range, typically. But it tends to move around. As you said, sometimes there's a bit of timing there. Sometimes there's a bit of mix there and so forth. What we did see that was a headwind to that this year were two things: one was the previously announced client transition, and that was worth about 2 points of servicing fee headwinds; and then we've continued to see a lower -- or I'll describe different level of client activity that was worth almost 2 percentage points of headwind this year, some of which we think is cyclical. Some of that is transactional activity that we've talked about that we tend to get paid for on a unit basis through our fee schedules. And then this quarter, we also referenced the shift to client cash and cash equivalents within the AUC/A stack, which tends to come in at a much lower fee rate for custody and accounting services. And so those were the pieces that went against us.
Eric Aboaf: I think the more-than-expected deposits is really driven by two factors. One, is that there tends to be more cash in the system, in the banking system today. We think that's a mix of central bank actions, in particular, in the U.S., the reduction in the overnight repo operation that the Fed is running. That comes back in a way into our clients or into the banking system. And that's been a -- I think that's generally improved liquidity conditions or added to what is -- our very liquid conditions have made them even more liquid. And then the second factor, to be honest, is over the last 1.5 years, two years, we've been very engaged, and I'd say, increasingly engaged with clients on where they put their cash. They put their cash with us in deposits, in repo, in money market, in money market suites, because every one of those areas we offer services to our clients. And I think what we've done over time is sharpened our engagement with our clients, and that's resulted in more cash and deposits with us in a way that we find is healthy, obviously, for our balance sheet. We're always delighted to keep cash, but also helps with earnings and margin and economically.
Eric Aboaf: It's a broad question. We've been in an environment, I think, the last four years or so where we've seen pricing headwinds in the servicing business to be roughly in the 2% headwind level. And that's kind of -- that will float around a bit by quarter. It will float around on the margin a little bit by year, but it's substantially below what we had seen way back in 2019. And which was, I'll describe, a bubble of repricing. I described it that way because during this time, we've seen, to your point, a very accentuated rise in inflation. We've now seen a partial reduction in inflation. And that's not really had a large or substantial effect to our general fee rates or our -- or servicing fees. And so it's been -- I think it's not particularly determinative of that. In terms of our fee schedules, you're right, the fee schedules have several components. They have asset-based. There's an asset under custody basis for some of the fees which is about half. There are some transactional fees. There are just some flat fees. There are some per account fees. And those usually end up being negotiated as a package. It's not that when there is a -- when we have negotiations that one particular part of that package is treated very differently. We have large, sophisticated clients. They think of it as a package. And to be honest, they're looking for a fair set of -- a fair amount of fees so that as a partnership, which lasts often 10, 15, 20, in some cases, 30, 40 years, right? That they feel they're getting value and that they feel that we, as a custodian can deliver on what their expectations are. And so it comes to be a reasonable accommodation, I think, in our minds, in their minds.
Eric Aboaf: And Ken, it's Eric. I would just add that we've had these client activity headwinds that we described, which is a mix of risk-off sentiment, which has led to lower transactions through the custodial accounts. And then we've described this shift towards a cash mix, right? We don't see those just continuing at the same pace. We see that as somewhat cyclical. You'd expect -- I don't think we generally expect much more cash to be on hand with clients. There are -- I think there's a case to be made that cash levels of client should actually start to get deployed over the next year and could even be neutral or a possible tailwind. So I think we've been going through a bit of a cyclical phase here on those environmental and activity type and mix headwinds. And I think without those, you could then see through to some of what Ron described around sales, installation and the underlying growth of the franchise.
Ron O'Hanley: Yes, Glenn, It's Ron. So we've tried to be quite clear above what we're doing over at SSGA. I mean, first is around continuing to grow the ETF franchise. As you know, our legacy strength is in the institutional business, where we continue to be quite strong, and we've focused a lot over the last several years on growing the low-cost ETF franchise, which tends to find its way into retail portfolios through intermediaries. That led to the repricing initiative that we did last year, which in retrospect is proven to be quite a smart move because the market share has gone up and those portfolios tend not to move, these are buy and hold investors. So ETFs would be one and then we continue to grow the active space, typically with working with very close partners of ours, and we see a lot of runway inactive. And then finally, fixed income, particularly out, we have a strong fixed income offering here in the U.S., and we've built it out quite a bit in the last couple of years in Europe, and you're seeing lots of strength in the ETF ecosystem in Europe. Second area of growth is really trying to leverage the institutional client base, because its legacy is the passive index business. If we have an institutional relationship, we tend to be the number one or number two manager on their platform. That leads you, that gives you a seat at the table and we believe it gives us an ability to potentially distribute other, kinds of, products and services. So that's where a lot of our focus is now on the institutional business. And then finally, continuing to deepen. We have a global franchise, but there's areas that we can deepen it more. You've heard us talk about Europe, and we're focused just as much on Asia Pacific as those markets continue to grow, and we're able to leverage the positions we have, but really focusing on deepening as opposed to broadening geographic reach. So that in a nutshell is how we're thinking about it, and we're pleased with how it's playing out.
Ron O'Hanley: Yes, Alex, it's Ron here. I think it's good to focus on what we said here because we've talked to you and your colleagues just about ongoing productivity improvement. We've been at it for years. And we do believe this unlocks a potential, not a potential, but a new wave of productivity growth. And why is that? Well, firstly, almost by definition, if you're taking these ventures on, you're eliminating the margin that was in it, that was in our expenses, that now comes out, right? So you've got that as a near immediate tailwind. But more importantly, and more important for the long-term, is that we can really complete and take advantage of true end-to-end process improvement and simplification. We had created through the JVs, which go back to the early days of our off-shoring journey. We created a lot of complication. Unintentionally, we created a lot of complication. This enables us to get at that. The work has already started. Our operations folks are spending a lot of time in India there. They've done some recent hiring and brought on some great leadership there. So if you think about the importance of India to our operations and, you know, the amount of work that passes through there, between this end-to-end simplification, this ability to eliminate checkers of checkers of checkers and all those kinds of things, we see an enormous amount of opportunity to improve. And then finally, as we continue our technology investment, a lot of that will be directed there. It'll be directed at some of the things that, you know, in the past you would have said, well, let's take advantage of labor arbitrage. And now the technology is at a cost level where we can simply eliminate the labor and not have, particularly for some of these repetitive kinds of tasks between machine learning and other kinds of AI that you can use to replace labor. And you end up then with a one -- a lower labor cost, but more importantly, you've got job content that's very attractive to people, and people want to make careers here as opposed to feeling like they're stuck in this dead-end repetitive task. So we are very optimistic about this.
Ron O'Hanley: Brian, it's Ron. I mean, we've talked about the private businesses being a double-digit growth business. We stand by that. We see lots of potential growth. Private markets, Alpha is developing nicely for us, largely for some of the -- for many of the same reasons that Alpha itself has. It's an opportunity as these firms become more complex, have complex operating and technology stacks. It's a way to not just lower some costs, but improve operations and future-proof operations. So it's developing well. So we remain optimistic about it.
