Eric Aboaf: Ken, it's Eric. No, capital from a capital perspective, we're quite comfortable with closing. We've got almost 12% capital ratios today. We've got a very, I think, smooth path to being prepared for a close from a capital perspective. The modifications we're talking about are just around the underlying structure of the transaction. And you've seen this done from time to time before. But we're working through legal entity and subsidiary structure, the exact transfer of systems and third-party contracts. Some of the transition servicing agreements, those kind of structure and modifications that we think will make this a cleaner process and be favorable on several fronts.
Eric Aboaf: As Ron had said, the regulatory review process has taken a bit longer. We've obviously been heavily engaged in that process because of some of the modifications that we're working through jointly with Brown Brothers leadership team. We're deeply in the process of getting additional and refined submissions in. Those will take several months for review and further dialogue. I think you have a sense for how this plays out. And that's why in the prepared remarks, I think Ron described that we expect those reviews to come through during the third quarter. I think at that point, we obviously then sprint to a close. And depending on exactly what month and what week those come through, then we look for -- you take out the calendar, you look at the weekends and do the usual, how do we now just close, but we've got to always close carefully, just given the usual financials and controls that you want to be mindful of.
Eric Aboaf: There's a range of that. I think you've seen us guide to NII up for the quarter of up 7% to 9%. And that on a year-on-year basis is actually going to be quite nice. I think it's -- is it worth a percentage 0.2 or 0.3. It's those kinds of, I think, adjustments that we're willing to make so that we both run an appropriate portfolio in what could be a highly volatile rate environment, including another possibility of rates could move another 50, 100 basis points, and we want to have a portfolio that can withstand that. And to be honest, we're willing to take a few percentage points of NII growth off the table on a sequential basis to do that. So I think it's a balance, but that's the range. And even with some of those adjustments, a lot of what we'll be doing is in the move from AFS to HTM, which is not NII impacting. There are others on the margin that are, but that's kind of the range that I'd share with you.
Eric Aboaf: Let me just open up the slide. So I think you're doing it, Brennan, in line with how we've described it. Yes, you can take the first on Slide 11 of the slide deck that $2.318 billion of expenses. That includes the seasonal expenses, which are on the footnote, right, of $208 million, you can pull that out and then you can add 2% to 3% sequentially and get an estimate for second quarter. That's correct.
Eric Aboaf: And Betsy -- it's Eric. I was just going to add. The other thing we're doing is, obviously, where clients, especially institutional clients have added crypto holdings within their fund, right? We're effectively providing some of the services you'd expect. And so we've gone through the -- across our client base. They have about 73 funds, I think, at that count with $0.5 billion of crypto exposure, we're effectively record keeping, right, those assets as part of their underlying funds. And then I think more broadly, where clients are developing specific ETFs and exchange-traded products, that's where we are in an industrious way signing them up for the administration and recordkeeping because that, in a way, is our view as one of the next land grabs because as the ETF and ETP products that comes of age, that's where we'll see some significant inflows.
Eric Aboaf: Ryan, it's Eric. We've been pleased as we've been monitoring and working closely with Brown Brothers on the business, the business performance. It's -- it had a good finish last year. It's had a performance in the first quarter that's within the bands that we had expected. And obviously, there's a little bit of NII tailwind in there, offset by a little bit of equity market, a downtick. But it's a -- business is performing well. We're -- we continue to be excited about it. And the partners, the 9 partners that have been operating that business that are coming over to us are doing a fine job as we'd expect, which is really, really nice to see.  In terms of the deposits and the close and the assets and the modifications and the broader questions. You're asking about the underlying economics of the transaction. I'm not going to go into detail on that at this point. I think Ron in his prepared remarks affirmed that the economics are sound that they'll be accretive within the first year. And what I'd tell you is, as we work through the modifications, which is oftentimes a legal entity kind of structure where we in the finance and treasury side are working very closely with our legal colleagues to navigate those modifications and make sure that they preserve the economic and the accretion that we're looking for. And so we continue to be positive, and we think it will be positive for shareholders.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, it's Eric. That's the -- those are the kinds of scenarios and I'll say, navigation that we do for our capital ratios, and they are sometimes dependent on market opportunities, whether it's the FX trading desk here in the U.S. or abroad, whether it's the sec finance unit or sometimes even the lending unit, there -- we're in close partnership with them around on one hand, they are a sophisticated operating within their limits and sometimes they come by, and we have real I think, constructive commercial discussions about, hey, if there's a little more capacity at the top of the house, can that be put to use? And that's where we were this quarter. And you saw we had quite a nice uptick in FX trading revenues up 20% quarter-on-quarter, which I think had not been anticipated was facilitated as we gave them larger limits, partly because we're sitting on an abundance of capital right now.  I think what you will see is that we'll do that selectively. We'll probably do that for another couple of months. We'll see how we're feeling towards June. We would like to keep our RWA asset levels at or below where we are today. So we do expect them to be within those boundaries. And so we'll selectively work through it. But part of the discipline here is we also want to make sure that there's real incremental revenues that we can bring to bear if we're going to deploy the incremental capital and that was the scenario this quarter.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, I didn't go that far, partly because the market environment has just been volatile whether it's equity markets, whether it's rate hikes. And so there's a number of drivers that are moving around. I think NII, we felt just because the Fed forecast were so explicit between the dot plot and the new consensus that we should just describe that for all of you. But the other lines, we think it's still early to go through. It's still early to really call what the equity markets will do, both in the U.S. and internationally, where they've been more depressed. We'll obviously navigate and adjust our expenses to some extent as we go through the year. I think what we did do as part of the outlook commentary after I finish the quarterly description was a firm that we're committed to both positive total operating leverage and positive fee operating leverage. And so I think that gives you some boundaries that we're working within.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think directionally, you're right, it tends to have some correlation. And I think what we find though is that the special activity and the mix of -- the underlying mix of assets that are being borrowed or lent tend to be a little more dominant in terms of their effects on the P&L in a given quarter. So it's -- that has a piece to the rate environment, but it tends to be the volumes and the mix that dominates.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Alex, it's a good question in a way we've not been in this environment for 20 or 30 years, right, where rates either are going to move quickly to the upside or maybe move quickly to the upside and stay high either. I think there are a couple of thoughts that we've developed over time. I think the first is that the more we can add lending assets, classic loans to our balance sheet, they have to be high quality, but the more we can add lending to the mix of the asset side of the balance sheet, the better off we are. And you've seen us -- you've seen us consistently grow our lending book 10%, 12%. It's just -- it's off of a small base. So that's an area we'll continue to evolve in. I think given that, that will though take some time.  The other elements here is what kind of investment portfolio do you run? We -- just because of our trust and custody heritage, believe it should be a high-quality, pristine one that is unassailable. And our perspective as we do that is I think we're more comfortable putting more of that over time into HTM just because it's an accounting convention that while you all can read through in our 10-Ks and Qs, what the underlying market doesn't immediately -- or doesn't affect the capital ratios. The one governor on that, and you'd say, well, why not put it all in HTM and put it in the drawer, is that in a down rate environment, which typically happens when the Fed moves into intervene on a recession, you tend to get an appreciation of securities, and you want to be able to monetize or take advantage of that to offset whether it's credit or reserve builds. And so that's one of the reasons why you don't want to put all of it in HTM.  And the other reason is, if you're -- if rates are flattish or moving within a band of 25 basis points here, 50 basis points there. The AFS convention allows you to rebalance, to adjust your position a little shorter, a little longer. And that's beneficial. And I think over time, we found that that's been additive to our NII and P&L. And so I think over time, you'll probably see us put more in HTM, but not -- there are some limits to that. But that's some of the ways we're thinking about it. And then I guess there's a last layer, which is what's the composition. And I think you've seen us adjust the mix of treasuries, MBS, CMOs. Because we're such a global bank, the foreign sovereigns, especially as euro and international rates rise, I think we'll over time become a bigger part of what we do to grow. So there's a bit of, I think, the mix, the composition will evolve as well over time.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think the first 100 basis points, I think, are a little bit easier to read to your point, like the first rate hike, the beta as we generally assume are in the 20% range. So that's the first 1 or 2. So that's comfortable and pleasing, I guess, I should say. Once you get to the third and fourth you're now floating up in betas in the 30% to 45% range, and this is where it kind of depends. And then I think once you get past the first 4 or 5 hikes, you are looking at sequential quarter betas in the 60% range. I think you're just -- that's just what happens. And to be honest, we're -- we want to go back to a position where the NII is healthy. The NII can support the preferred security stack that we should run from a capital perspective, but we also want to be fair and thoughtful with our clients in the embedded sharing that's been a partnership here for decades and decades with them. So that's what we're looking at and thinking.  You never know how the speed of rate hikes affects that. Some of that's been taken into account in some of those guesstimates that's given to you, but I use the word again, guesstimates here, not estimates because we think these cycles aren't perfectly comparable. And some amount of quantitative tightening has been factored into some of our thinking here as well. But that will have an effect.  And then I think the last one that we'll have to see is depending on how the macro economy does, whether it's if the economy -- if rates move up another 100, 200, 300 basis points and the macro economy is strong, then there's a lot of demand for lending. And so there's this big ask between deposits to fund loans. If you have a slowdown in the kind of real economy, then there's not as much lending that's going to be done and that's more beneficial to deposit rates. So that's another feature that we're keeping a close eye on.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think the -- it's probably a little bit easier to think about it in CET1 terms. But the translation is kind of the CET1 divided by 2 gives you the leverage. And remember, on leverage, especially in these economic times, we certainly want to stay within the target range of 5.25% to 5.75%. But I've been on record saying getting closer to -- as long as you stay in the 5%, leverage is quite comfortable given that it's not a risk-sensitive measure. If you then pivot back to CET1, we're at almost 12% relative to the target range of 10% to 11%. So there is an almost 200 basis point spread there of excess capital that we have.  If you then fast forward and let's say it's -- we've had a discussion on this call is exactly what we should assume. But if we were to assume a third quarter close, for example, the way to think about it is the goodwill and intangibles for the Brown Brothers transaction is about $3.3 billion. I think if you translate that into CET1, it's just below the 300 basis point mark. So the comparison is, we would prefer, it's not absolutely required, but we prefer to have about 300 basis points of capital to close it. We've got about 200 basis points today. And then the logical way you think about how do you get from here or there over the next 2 quarters, is actually pretty straightforward, right? On one hand, we accrete capital net of the dividend. That's worth about 35 basis points a quarter, so you got 70 there. And on the other hand, as we talked about earlier, we've been deploying our excess capital through the RWA lines, right, through the risk-weighted assets. And we can easily rein in risk-weighted assets by $5 billion or more which creates another 30, 40, 50 basis points of capital as part of a closing process. So there's good levers here, and that's why I said earlier from a capital perspective, it's a comfortable closing process and plan.
Eric Aboaf: No, it has nothing to do with capital. If we had been in a position to close it now, we would have arranged -- we would not have deployed $5 billion, maybe even $10 billion of RWA, and we would have had a comfortable close of the deal. It's not about capital. It's about as we described earlier, the underlying regulatory process just taking more time.
Eric Aboaf: I guess, it's -- we're just factoring it in, right? We're -- because of where we are on the regulatory process, it's -- we're estimating a potential third quarter close and to just navigate comfortably with capital. Because we had that large AOCI hit of $1.3 billion and I usually buy back almost for almost $500 million of shares per quarter, right? That would be my usual cadence that AOCI hit has effectively put us in a position where it's best not to do those 2 quarters worth of buybacks during the second and third quarter.
Eric Aboaf: It's -- well, the guidance is to positive total operating leverage and fee operating leverage. I think the -- if I just try to do the math quickly, but the IR team can probably help you offline, Mike. This quarter, we had fee waiver impacts of 10%, and then we won't have any fee waivers for the rest of the year. Last year, we had fee waivers, I can only remember the second half of the year because I'm trying to remember when it started in the $20 million per quarter range. So -- on our total fees of $10 billion, I don't know, rough estimate, maybe about 0.5 point of fee operating leverage is caused by the tailwind absence of money market fee waivers. But that's -- I'm doing mental math without even a pencil and paper in front of me. So maybe we could follow up with you offline, but maybe in that order of magnitude at least.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Rob. It's Eric. We've said that that begins to get installed this -- remember, the bulk of that, there were 2 very large deals that were announced in second and third quarter last year. Those were $1 trillion-plus deals. And then there's obviously a set of kind of smaller and midsized activities. For those 2 large deals, they are complex and they're transformational, right, for those clients and what we're delivering. And so those we've said take tend to take a little longer. They're closer to the -- I think we've said for installation to installations range from kind of 6 months to 36 months. But for those were the middle ground is probably 24 to 30. So right now, our estimated is that a good piece, but probably not the majority begins to get installed by late this year. And then this is really a 2023 lift of revenue.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes, Glenn, it's Ron. Why don't I take that? I mean I think that if you look back in history, everybody has resisted these moves to some degree because it does involve some spending of money and changing in systems and all that. We've spent a fair amount of time on this and thought about this and have been in conversations with regulators and it will be an added burden, but we don't think it's something the industry can't get done in a reasonable amount of time. So I'm not -- I haven't read other people's comment letters. I know how we've thought about it. So we think it will be one of these things like a LIBOR, if you will, more recent history, that will take a lot of time, take a lot of effort, but it's certainly not something that's going to, in our mind, sideline us or sideline other major players.
Ronald O’Hanley: Sure, Brennan. For the time being, we've seen little movement in deposits other than a little bit of seasonality, a little bit of currency translation has also played through. But this is all within the bounds of what we'd expect. And we've obviously been watching deposits carefully across currency pools and across client segments. And for the time being, it's been flattish, regardless of which way we look at it. As we go forward, we like many others have tried to guesstimate, and I use the word guesstimate not estimate, the level of shift in deposits, movement of deposits that we'll see with the amount of quantitative tightening that the Fed has announced. And I guess the best context I have for you and others is if we go back to the kind of pre-COVID era, we've grown our deposit base since then by $60 billion to $70 billion. We've also increased our AUC/As by about 25% during that time period. And because of those quarterly, we estimate that about half of the increase of $30 billion to $35 billion has come from the quantitative easing as the Fed extended the sedan the other central banks primarily that expanded its balance sheet by effectively $3 trillion.  And so we see that reversing over time with the rough math being for every $1 trillion of balance sheet, we'd expect a $6 billion to $10 billion runoff in our deposits. And they started in May or June, we'll see exactly when they get going at their announced pace. Yes, you could see a little trickle down, we think, in the fourth quarter and then the kind of the $6 billion to $10 billion per year after that.  So that's our guesstimate. We're obviously plus with deposits, and we're happy to be plus with deposits as rates drive. So we'll monetize them for the time being. But that's our guess right now. The other factors are how the interest rate hikes play out. We expect betas to be similar, but they're never exactly the same as they are before. And so we'll be sharply focused there. So those are some of the moving parts in some of our thinking at this point.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes. They've had a lot going on, Betsy. Maybe I'll focus on that last question first because this is a very client-intensive decision and spending a lot of time on it. I think the single biggest thing clients are asking for is help with the kind of a comprehensive regulatory framework. This is particularly acute in the U.S., the lack of guidance and the lack of -- really an agreed upon framework is has left a lot of uncertainty and see what institutions can do, particularly banks. So that's out there.  I think most of it, though, beyond that, Betsy, would be around and where we're spending a lot of time is, firstly, around enabling clients to invest in digital assets. And that's not just the trading of them, but it's the movement of them. It's the control of them. It's the custody of them, that's a portfolio accounting of them. So it's really, if you think about what we do now for digital assets, tokens, coins, et cetera. I think the other very large thing that the group is focused on, which it's less about external products and much more about how does State Street itself move into a digitalized world more than it is already? And what does it mean for the core operations such as custody, securities movement and control, which is really about, for lack of a better term, the next stage of digitalization. We are working a lot with the major players in the industry because these ecosystems are forming. And in some cases, we actually want to be a very integral part of the ecosystem and in other cases, we actually want to access that. So there's quite a bit going on there. is where I would summarize my answer to you.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes. I mean, I think where we are now is of adequate scale, but one would expect that more scale will be required. But as much excitement as there is around this, it's still a relatively small proportion of total investment assets. So I think we're at adequate scale. I think the focus now is more on how do we think about additional capabilities growing.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes. I mean, Brian, the regulatory environment is uncertain, probably gotten more so over the last couple of years been less so, but we are making progress. It is taking longer than we anticipated. We're in dialogue. So it's not like there's -- we're not doing anything or there's silence on all this. We're in a fair amount of dialogue and working the kind of the restructuring that we referred to earlier is explicitly aimed at trying to accelerate this that we view speed is of the essence here. But there's a fair amount of uncertainty. So as I said in my prepared remarks, and Eric just reiterated, what we're targeting at this point and assuming that there'll be a -- this review will get done in the third quarter. And then as Eric noted, the actual -- once the review is done, the close itself isn't going to take a lot of time. I mean everything is ready. The money is in place. There's been a fair amount of integration planning, but it really is around the uncertainty of both the timing and the outcome of these regulatory reviews. And yes, it's mostly -- right now, the open ones are mostly the U.S. banking regulators.  We've received lots of approvals from around the world, both from financial services regulators and the antitrust regulators globally. So I don't want to minimize what has been done. But this is one of those things that may be not done until the last one is done.
Ronald O’Hanley: Sure, Gerard. These are primarily or primarily almost exclusively minority investment opportunities and investments that we've made in a series of companies over the years. There's 5 to 10 of them that are in the crypto space, sometimes providing software, sometimes providing infrastructure, sometimes providing different capabilities. There are some in the more classic technology areas where we've invested over time, again, in minority positions that help facilitate some AI capabilities and capacities that have helped us with our automation and engineering efforts, and so there's a group of them. But we're primarily -- we're not trying to build an investment portfolio. What we have is investments, typically of $5 million, $10 million, maybe $15 million in early to mid-stage companies. Oftentimes, they are companies that are providing a utility type service for multiple large banks.  So we're in there with sometimes the other G-SIBs or an international bank or what have you. And so we get -- effectively -- they get -- the entity gets a network effect for multiple banks, and we participate because we get upside in some of the services. So we're doing it to help facilitate primarily either revenue growth, automation capability or just general capabilities to build up our product set. And the -- I guess, the knock-on benefit of that is because we know this market space well. These tend to appreciate over time. And it's one of the ways we've been driving, I think, innovation would probably be the broader word to use. And we've made some -- I think this particular quarter, we saw a couple of these really appreciate, which is good to see.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes. I mean, Rob, why don't I start, it's Ron. I mean kind of several now good organic growth quarters, both on the servicing line and the management fee line. I think that if you think about last year, there was -- in the servicing line, a fair amount of that would have been in Alpha front to back. A lot of that now is being installed, and a big chunk of that is what you see in the $2.9 trillion. The growth that, or at least the sales that we reported on the servicing fee line were kind of disproportionately in the traditional back office business, which is highly scaled and relatively quick to install. So we like that mix. And then management fees have been, as Eric noted, it's been across the board in the core businesses. It's ETFs, Institutional and even a little bit of Cash. So we like both the level of it. I mean you always like more, but we like the level of it. But as importantly, we like the diversity of it.
Ronald O’Hanley: Well, thanks very much. Thank you all for joining us. I know it was a busy day for you, so we appreciate your time and questions. Thank you.
Michael Mayo: Okay. And so you're at 11.9% now. So if you close the deal now, you'd be below the low end of your target. So are you delaying the deal because of lack of capital? Or I didn't understand why the delay in the deal.
Michael Mayo: All right. That's clear. And then lastly, your guidance for positive operating leverage, how much do fee waivers contribute to that? Is that like all of it or 10% or 50% or -- just roughly.
Michael Mayo: I think I have. I mean so in terms of ZIP code, most of it does not relate to the fee waivers. There's the lion's share of it. So I think I got it.
