Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Anthony. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased with our second quarter results, delivering a record level of quarterly earnings per share that reflect continued strength in global equity markets, as well as momentum in our asset management and asset servicing business. We also, for the first time, exceeded $31 trillion in assets under custody and administration this quarter, fueled by a combination of new business activity and higher equity markets. In June, we celebrated our 225th anniversary. We're proud to be in a rare category of companies whose success is measured not in years or decades, but in centuries. We've been able to achieve this success by focusing on our clients and on key markets, while delivering new solutions to address our clients' needs. We continue to invest and obtain long-term benefits from Beacon, which is core to the next phase of advancing State Street. We're making progress in digitizing our operations and providing new capabilities and information advantages to our clients. We continue to prioritize returning capital to our shareholders. In June, our Board of Directors approved a $1.4 billion common stock purchase program following the Federal Reserve's review of our capital plan under its 2017 CCAR process. Our 2017 capital plan also includes an increase of approximately 11% and our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.42 per share starting in the third quarter of 2017. Now turning to slide number four. I'd like to review our progress on our strategic priorities and some key achievements this quarter. We continued to deliver broad-based growth from our core franchise, with new asset servicing wins of approximately $135 billion for the quarter and our highest levels of assets under custody and administration at quarter end with growth of 12% from the second quarter 2016. Our total new business yet to be installed at quarter end was $370 billion, and our pipeline of new business opportunities remains robust. SSGA finished the quarter with $2.61 trillion in assets under management, a 13% increase from 2Q 2016. The majority of the growth from 2Q 2016 was driven by market appreciation, and 5% of the increase was from the acquired GE Asset Management business, which continues to support growth, including the win of the GE Alstom UK business. We completed the integration of the acquired GE Asset Management business in the second quarter, which had already turned accretive ahead of schedule in the first quarter. I'm also pleased to say that momentum in our Global Markets business continues. Our FX business, with its distinctive research and breadth of trading platforms, increased its ranking significantly according to Euromoney 2017 FX survey, as we were rated fifth with real money managers and hedge funds globally and that's up from seventh and 11th place, respectively, the year earlier. This increase in market share is reflected in the 13% growth in FX trading revenue from 2Q 2016. Beacon continues to advance with our investments in technology, next-generation platforms, enhancements to operational performance and connectivity across the enterprise and through the delivery of innovative solutions and insights to our clients. Eric will provide you some more detail on the progress that we're making with Beacon in a few minutes. We remain focused on providing clients with innovative solutions to address regulatory risk and analytic requirements, their investment needs and supporting the achievement of their growth objectives. Some examples of the benefits of our ongoing investments include solutions for regulatory reporting, risk analytics and collateral management and the broadening and deepening of our OCIO capabilities with the acquisition of GE Asset Management operations. We've also developed our Market Entry Solutions, which is an integrated value-added service that leverages our global presence and expertise to assist our clients with their global growth strategies. Our mission is to provide clients with information insight, access and partnership to support their global product development and distribution ambitions. So, in closing, we remain focused on achieving our financial goals as reflected by our year-over-year quarterly positive fee operating leverage of approximately 190 basis points and total operating leverage of over 270 basis points. This resulted in improving our pre-tax operating margin to over 33% for 2Q 2017 and helped us increase EPS 14% from 2Q 2016 and 18% in the first six months compared to 2016, while generating a return on equity of approximately 14% for the quarter and 12% in the first six months of 2017. All of these are on an operating basis. I'd now like to turn the call over to Eric, who'll cover the financials and then we'll open the call to your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me start that one, Alex. This is Jay. The – I thought the treasury report I'm sure everybody's gone through it by now was a pretty balanced report with regard to ways to recalibrate and fine-tune some of the Dodd-Frank and Volcker legislations. So, I think, it was a good framework. And hopefully, once we get some of these appointments with the Fed and other agencies, they'll start to attack that. For us, we have a pretty narrow set of concerns and issues. The most prominent one is the one you mentioned, which is the drag that excess deposits have on the leverage ratio. And that is prominent, not only in that report, but in all the conversations that I have with regulators. Everybody, I would say, acknowledges that, that was an unintended consequence of the regulations. So I think there's a real desire to fix it. The fix, the conversation around a fix is kind of two dimensional. One way to adjust the excess deposit issue for the trust banks would be simply to rescale the leverage ratio and that's one of the conversations out there so that you'd give the custody banks a little bit more headroom to accept these deposits. And at the same time, put in place some kind of a provision so that in a crisis or in a market event that we get relief from the leverage ratio. So that's one kind of conversation, which would tend to just deal with the trust bank issues of the leverage ratio. And then the broader thought out there is to reduce the denominator of the leverage ratio to accommodate central bank deposits, and that's, remember, that Bank of England took that approach in their leverage ratio. I'd say, and obviously that would treat not only the trust banks but the other, the rest of the banking industry as well. Those are the two paths that are being discussed. I think it's going to depend on, again, new appointments and getting people in place and figuring out what the best way to deal with it is. But I have very high confidence. I can't tell you when that the issue will be addressed because I think it's acknowledged in all circles that it was an unintended consequence of the regulations. With regard to the broader regulatory reform agenda, as I say, our needs, our issues are narrow. I think more broadly though if we get to extended cycles on the resolution and recovery plan, if in CCAR, they held the balance sheet flat, all that would be additive to not only the cost of complying with regulation, but as you rightly mentioned, freeing up capital within State Street. Eric, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Jim, this is Jay. No, no update. Sometime in 2018, probably an elongated transition would be my best guess.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, Mike, I'll start that. This is Jay. As you point out, we do have a different foreign exchange franchise than some of our peers and that it's pretty broad-based and it's supported by some pretty intriguing research. So I would say that we compete at a different level with regard to foreign exchange. I referenced in my comment, the Euromoney survey, I don't know if you're familiar with that, but it's the – kind of the go-to survey in the industry. And we moved up by quite a few paces – places in that survey, which to me means market share gain. And I think we've got a broad foreign-exchange offering. We added a number of new clients this quarter, which is not unusual. We to continue to add new clients. Environmentally, I'd say the global and EM trade helps. But I would say generally, gaining share, which has driven higher volumes, a little help by EM, and just broad-based participation across all aspects of the foreign exchange market.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Let me start out, Mike. I'll just decompose a little bit the flows and then make a few comments and invite Eric to make comments he wants. We had the flows of $28 billion, $22 billion of that was kind of institutional low-revenue outflows, the ETF story which is one that we've been focused on. The quarter was a little bit unkind to domestic equities and therefore, we saw almost $10 billion in outflows of our big spike, S&P 500 fund. Take that out, we had $5 billion in inflows. So I would say, if I step back, we weren't thrilled with the quarter. We thought it was a little disappointing. Over the last four quarters, our ETF flows have been at $56 billion net inflows. So a little softer on the ETF side, a little bit of it in environmental. We are – we continue to invest in distribution as well as new product introductions. We introduced nine new products in the second quarter, some in the smart beta space, which we think is an attractive and natural space for us. European ETF sales were good. It's a smaller market, but we really punched above our weight in Europe. So I would say that's kind of the broad-based commentary. The only other thing I would reference is if you look at the SSGA franchise, very global institutional ETF on a retail basis. We're focused on the ETF marketplace and also broadly solutions. And I referenced that we completed the GE Asset Management acquisition, which gives us a prominent position in the outsourced CIO marketplace. We were able to add some incremental business from GE, the Alstom business, and I think that just builds a little momentum in the outsourced pension space. We're also doing pretty well on the outsourced – or the solutions for retail 401 (k)s, target date funds. So I'd say, my summary would be not a particularly great quarter for SSGA. I think the trends are intact. Our focus on ETFs and solutions would be my summary.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. I'll start that, Geoffrey. You are right to pick up on that. We've seen steady and consistent growth in our enhanced custody business. I think this quarter it approached 50% of the overall revenues. And as I say, that's been steadily climbing. And I think it's a business that plays right into some of the capital constraints that traditional prime brokers have. And as our clients take on enhanced custody, they tend to deepen relationships over time, pretty stable, pretty steady. So I would see that business continuing to gain share in the credit intermediation space for funds. Some of that is in the kind of the long, short type portfolio is probably where it's most prominent. But good business, I think we were a clear innovator four or five years ago and we're now reaping the benefits of that investment.
Joseph L. Hooley: No, I'd say that's the typical competition. It's – you see funds diversifying their credit exposure, which is how we pick up business, new funds being created. No, it's mostly the prime brokers are the other alternative.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Victoria, and thanks everybody for participating this morning. We look forward to getting together after the third quarter to report our third quarter earnings. Thank you.
Eric W. Aboaf: Glenn, it's Eric. Good question and let me give you the summary. It's really all of those elements, right? So you remember equity markets are up nicely in the low teens. Bond markets on the other hand are actually flat to down. In some cases, hedge funds markets, private equity are kind of mixed. So you kind of have to factor all that as you think about the AUCA growth. I think what we did see was actually a nice mix, both on the AUCA front in terms of growth and on the fee – services fee area in terms of growth. We saw a nice mix of some support from market appreciation, some nice contributions from flows. We've seen flows broadly distributed this quarter and this – for the first half of the year across Europe, U.S. mutual funds, ETFs, right, all those are flowing in positively given our clients and the market. And then net new business has been good. You see we continue to have wins in the marketplace. We still have a pipeline that we've been carrying that's $350 billion, $370 billion, $375 billion over the last couple of quarters, and that's getting implemented literally month-by-month. So it's really a combination of all the factors you described.
Eric W. Aboaf: More and more it's bundled as a global client, right? We have clients that operate around the world. The fee discussions capture all their businesses. You have some differential between lower-volume emerging markets, but even those are more typically in the – are quite advanced economies these days, slightly different fee levels at bonds versus equities, ETFs versus mutual funds. I mean, there's a dispersion but I don't think it's as dramatic as it once was.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yes. I think the – probably the best page to take a look at for folks is the supplemental information package, the page 13 where you see the average interest-earning balance sheet. I think you saw a couple of things. I think the international deposits, remember, have a component of swaps that are tagged against those that feature into NII, and so that's why you see the lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter. We actually pushed our international deposit pricing down a bp or two, just given the – our need to earn appropriate returns internationally, and also because we continue to see a nice inflow and willingness, almost the need from our clients to leave balances with us. They're doing that in euros, in sterling, in yen. They're doing that in dollars. And so, we've got high demand on, I think, for clients to leave cash with banks. They're – a lot of that, they're steering towards us, and we obviously have a limited capability to accept too much of that given the leverage ratio constraints that we need to keep in mind.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah. Alex, it's Eric. Let me start. I think, as you described, seasonality and traditional SEC lending a little lighter than it's been historically, but we've still seen a decent amount of seasonality. Part of that just might be where we are in the market cycle. Part of that is there's the usual dividend activity and so forth that you'd expect. On the enhanced custody side, I think, there we're actually seeing a continued pattern beyond seasonality of growth in revenues. Part of that is, we're serving more clients. Part of that is, we're going a little deeper with select clients. And so that – on – and that business was really a mix of both seasonality and growth on a year-over-year basis. And so, I think, you can kind of take a look at the year-on-year comparisons. That's a good proxy for a growth of the two businesses. The quarterly uptick, a little more seasonal. But we also have to remember, right, there's volatility in these businesses, they ebb and flow. And so, with a very strong quarter, we're quite pleased, but it will move up and down, and I think we all need to factor that in.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yes, I think we're quite pleased to just see some balanced discussions and reports coming out of Washington. We think even Governor Tarullo, as he wound up his tenure, I think was supportive of some of these changes, which are really in the bucket of unintended consequences that have come through. Jay covered several of them. Another one is on the Volcker rule. The Volcker rule in an unintended way captures the seeding of new mutual funds and other types of investments that an asset manager has and if that asset manager is held within a bank environment like our SSGA business, it's kind of, you're guilty until proven innocent that it's not propped trading when in fact, all you're doing is seeding a new investment or a new mutual fund. So we're optimistic that at multiple levels, there is an evolution here. We're certainly engaging with folks at multiple levels just to help articulate how to move the pendulum in a prudent way that gets us to where we should be.
Eric W. Aboaf: Ken, it's Eric. The answer is really the second part of that, of your question, which is we've got to be conservative, right. A year-and-a-half ago, no one thought the equity markets would swoon like they did, and that is always a risk notwithstanding the indices like VIX and so forth, are at all-time's low. But we know when things feel good is when you should be vigilant. I think we're also just trying to be conscious that as we have revenues, we also have an installation pipeline, as we have new wins that we're carrying that pipeline through. And part of what you're seeing us do is we actually have to start to onboard new clients, put people against that build-out infrastructure and technology to plug them in. And so, part of what we are trying to signal is, we absolutely will calibrate operating leverage in the 100 to 200 basis point range. We'd certainly – we've hinted that – or more than hinted, we'd like to be towards the upper end there, but we're mindful that, that the installation of those clients, especially those global clients who are particularly complex and have a broader set of offerings, take some energy and some spending. So we'll be disciplined here. I think we're very pleased with the first half, but we don't have any interest in resting on our laurels. And we know we need to maintain a pattern, a consistent pattern of positive operating leverage.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah. Let me do this at a couple levels to help answer your questions. So first, if you think about the 10 basis point uptick that we saw, I'd say 4 or 5 basis points of that this quarter was really market levels floating up, deposits which re-prices the asset side of the balance sheet, offset with disciplined pricing across both the U.S. and the international jurisdictions. So we saw good performance there. We then saw couple basis point tick down from, as we rolled off some of those wholesale CDs that I mentioned. And then there was a couple of basis points just from market dislocations. We saw the swap costs were a little lower this quarter than previously. That moves around with markets. It moves around with which currencies we're swapping. And so we had a little more of a tailwind than we would have expected. So those are the combinations. I think if you had decomposed the deposits, on a tactical basis, total U.S. deposit costs were down 12 basis points. The underlying is that the CDs drove actually a bit more than that, kind of 15 basis point, 16 basis point roll down, and U. S. deposit costs were up by just four. And when you compare that to a 25 basis points move of the Fed, that's a 20% deposit beta, which is kind of the zone we've been in. We've been signaling 20% to 25%. I think it's coming at the lower end of our range. On the international deposits, I did say earlier the underlying international deposits actually fell by a basis point in terms of cost. The rest of the movement is in the swap, the furnishing swap costs, which we've actually enumerated in the footnotes of page 13 back there if you want to just do the math.
Eric W. Aboaf: Sure. I think the demand on the LCR has certainly predated me. The team two, almost three years ago when the LCR kind of came of age and got finalized did a couple of things to drive compliance. First, we added some deposits to our underlying balance sheet, right, and some of that was in the form of wholesale CDs. And we did that because we needed that term structured that extended beyond the 30 days, 60 days, 90 days that you want to be at. I think secondly, the team then did some very good work to itemize their deposits and create clarity on which ones were operating versus excess and actually balance – rebalance that mix. And you saw the reduction almost two years ago, deposits of about $20 billion, $25 billion. And that was really driving out excess deposits but actually keeping or actually increasing over time those operating transactional deposit balances. And then what you've seen us do over time is we've continued that mix improvement, right, under the surface so that their operating deposits continue to trend upward. And that's given us the luxury to actually work down some of those wholesale CDs. So I think there has been a program in place here over a two to three-year timeframe to actually prepare. I think we feel like we've now been operating under the LCR rules for kind of three years, but the last year has been really on a BAU basis. And so I don't think it's going to change a lot of our management going forward. Those are the rules. The rules are the rules, and they're there for a good reason and we'll operate within them.
Eric W. Aboaf: Nothing that's terribly significant. There's always a little bit, and there's always an ongoing optimization that you do. We have a decent-sized alternatives accounting and fund administration business. That's with financial counterparties like hedge funds or private equity. And the Fed has deemed that as a 100% access. So we don't think that's right. We don't think the model support that, but – so we need to keep some amount of access for those clients and we'll do that. But there's no big step change that we expect. And in truth, the best thing to do from an LCR management standpoint is now to operate with a healthy LCR. But you don't want it to be neither too thin, nor to rich, right? If it's too rich, you're leaving money on the table and you can redeploy that into lending or securities. If it's too light, you're scraping by. And so I think there's a nice middle ground that we'd want to operate in.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah, I think the – that's the right way to think about it. We had a nice uptick from 4Q to 1Q, another nice uptick 1Q to 2Q. But I think the – you can't bank on a full 10 basis point sequential uptick, again even with the Fed, the rate rise, we think the underlying core in that 10 might have been 5 basis points, 6 basis points depending on how you count. Given that we have a little more of that now, we expect 2Q to 3Q uptick to be closer to 3 basis points to 5 basis points because some of it's already in the run rate. And that after that, we have to wait and see. There's been a lot of talk about deposit betas, where they'll go, when will begin to flow it upwards. That hasn't happened. We've had nice stability in our deposit betas. We've had nice stability in our deposit base, but I don't think any of us with bankers want to get out ahead of ourselves and predict what – exactly what they'll look like in 4Q and then into next year just yet.
Eric W. Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. That's about right. So we've been at the 20% to 25% right now. We think that for this June hike, we'll be around that level, but you never know for sure. We expect the June rate hike to come through, and then potentially a December hike. But since it's so late in the year, that really won't have much of an effect on 4Q. So that's our interest rate forecast. I guess, what I would say is, if you step back, so far, deposits have performed well, I think, in this rising rate environment. I think part of that is that we remix the quality of the deposits and pushed out a lot of that access two years ago, and then we've been managing carefully over the last year to support that. And then partly because the deposits from the custody banks I think actually respond in a decent way. If you think about it, there's a hierarchy of response in deposits across different sectors, right? We all know that in retail, you have quite low deposit betas, and that's been shown for cycle after cycle. I think at the other book end in the corporate sector where you get corporate treasurers, they're actually quite willing to shop their money, especially because they keep them for cash management and earnings credit. They'll move that around. They are borrowing from banks, and they're quid pro quo sometimes is, hey, you've got to pay up on deposits. So I think the corporate sector and even high net worth tends to have a higher betas. And we're in the middle as a custody bank, right? We're doing with end-of-day cash, asset managers and pension funds who want to cover their transaction flows, who aren't really tempted to drawdown lines, right? That's not something that they look to do. And so I think the custody banks are in this middle ground between retail and corporate, and that's part of the reason why our deposits have responded well through the first couple rate hikes.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yes. So that's the – we detailed that well in the footnote. That's the support of our clients in the FICC repo program. That's a clearinghouse for repo. We arranged those repo trades with clients. These are clients who have surplus cash. What they want is, they want to leave that cash but they want to get securities as collateral, right? So they're looking for a collateralized deposit in effect. We can effectively help them process that through the FICC clearinghouse. The FICC clearinghouse does well over $1 trillion of repo. And you see that we're facilitating on the order of $30 billion, $35 billion for clients. So, this is just part of the support that we have for asset managers and other types of custodial clients. It has been in place for a number of years and we're there facilitating in the marketplace in ways that they appreciate.
Eric W. Aboaf: The growth is just – the volumes are relatively stable. They're up a smidge, but it's – we do this as an accommodation as part of our business model. The rates are typically reverse repo rates, so those are just floating up in line with market reversed repo rates, general collateral.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah, Brennan, it's Eric. That's a – it's a fair question, but it's one where it's hard to answer definitively, right, because we are in a new environment. That said, you've seen – we've seen some kind of a gentle volatility around the levels that we're at, $42 billion, $43 billion, $44 billion, or $45 billion of non interest-bearing deposits. You've seen it tick up. It's ticked down. Year-over-year, it's flattish actually and quarter-over-quarter, it's down $2 billion. And the question we're wrestling with, are we beginning to see, and we probably are some transition from non interest-bearing to interest-bearing. But that's been predicted by our treasurers and every other treasurer on The Street. It feels like since the first rate hike, right. And so the $2 billion move, which is less than 5% of the non-interest bearing deposits this quarter, actually is less than what we expected. And so I think there will be some transition over the coming quarters. It's hard to predict how much it is, but it's all factored into our deposit betas. Remember, you're moving from effectively zero interest-bearing into what might be a stated rate. A stated rate for us as a bank is in the 10 to 15 basis points relative to a 25 basis point Fed hike that quarter. That's actually all factored into our deposit betas. And in fact, the way we characterize that is our deposit betas for interest-bearing deposits are 20% to 25%. When you factor in all the non interest-bearing deposits, those that are not moving and those that are maybe beginning to transition, the deposit beta in aggregate for total deposits is more like 15%. So it's factored in. I think we expect it to trend downwards, and we're certainly prepared and it's part of our overall outlook.
Eric W. Aboaf: Brennan, if you can tell me when what will happen with surplus cash in the system, I can give you an answer to that. I think we continue just to see clients look for outlets for their cash, right? That's been happening ever since money market reform. The clients naturally come to their custodial bank to do that and they're doing that around the world. So the balance sheet is down, like you say, a couple of percent year-to-date. If we can hold that level, that would be good. If we can trend down a little more, that obviously gives us the room in the leverage ratio. But at the end of the day, we need to balance both how we want to ideally operate the balance sheet with being responsive to our clients because that's who we're here for.
Eric W. Aboaf: Jim, it's Eric. Let me give you a little perspective. I think overall, we were pleased with CCAR in the sense that we wanted to take the dividend up 11%. We wanted to return $1.4 billion of capital through buybacks and the review proved supportive of that. So I think we were pleased. I did say in my call text that we continue to look for transparency and try to understand the models because it's multiple models at the Fed. There are credit models that we were trying to make sure we understand. There are PPNR models, right, and sort of different levels of PPNR for different banks and then for different banks within the same kind of cluster or same category. And then like you say, there's the OCI models, which seem to move and create a larger stress than we expected. I think the first part of our reaction to CCAR is always just to manage our business and balance sheet carefully, right. And I say that in two ways. One is you're always trying to do your best with earnings. You give some of that back to shareholders, but some of that accretes on the balance sheet and you see our capital is up year-to-date. The second part of that is we're always trying to manage the balance sheet in a tight way. We talked about deposits and the balance sheet being tighter year-to-date. And part of that is because we want to run with a leverage ratio that's got the right levels. And you see that in 4Q 2016 on page 12 of our earnings deck, our leverage ratio was 6.5%. We're now at 7%. And what is that? That's actually the earnings accretion into the capital count as well as the tighter balance sheet, which has gotten us there. So just over the first six months of the year, we got 50 basis points more cushion when it comes to a step off. So that's where we're at. After that, we're always going to look at the models and ask questions around are there refinements that we could make on our mix of assets, mix of securities, et cetera. But I think you can expect us and every bank to be doing that.
Eric W. Aboaf: And Mike, it's Eric. I'd just add that the market share gains and kind of deepening our relationship with individual clients is what drives the kind of sustained year-on-year performance. The piece that's a little more volatile is whether you've got the flows going into EM and in to Europe and Asia like you did this quarter. I think that was a nice uptick, but that's not always going to happen. And so what we found is having a broad-based franchise, because that's what we are. We're well distributed around the world with these global clients, actually is the way to build this business sustainably over years and years.
Eric W. Aboaf: And Mike, it's Eric, I'd just add. This is an attractive business for us. ETFs have good price realization relative to the overall price yield in asset management, and that's what's actually been supporting the revenues. And so incumbent upon us to predict – to continue to invest and make sure those investments bear fruit in ETFs, because not only in the U.S. but around the world, they're here to stay, we have to do is just pick our spots and make sure we do that in areas like smart beta or high-yield fixed income that are more fragmented where we feel like we can build share and the scale at pace to earn good returns.
Brennan Hawken: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a quick one on – again, on deposits. Sorry, it's the topic du jour here.
Brennan Hawken: Yeah, yeah, big focus, very active here this quarter. And when we think about non-operating deposits, could you just maybe update your outlook for those? And how fast you might think they could run off in this environment? How much might be like baseline operating need the business as usual type of balance? Thanks.
Brennan Hawken: Got it. That's great. Thank you and your overall outlook actually, I think, includes some reduction in the interest-earning assets, 0% to 5% for the year. When we look at the 2Q balances versus in 4Q average, we're already down about 3% and I think 3.5% roughly. So is that right to imply that you guys expect the pace of decline in interest-earning assets to moderate here in the back half of the year? Thanks.
