Joseph Hooley: Thanks, Ed. So while we remain committed to our long term financial goals, we continue to believe 2010 will be a transition year, a year in which we transition to a more normalized environment. We continue to expect our 2010 operating basis earnings per share to be slightly above the $3.32 operating basis earnings per share in 2009.  As I outlined for you in the fourth quarter call in January, I have established a series of objectives that support the achievement of our long term financial goals of 8% to 12% growth in operating revenue, 10% to 15% growth in operating earnings per share, and the achievement of 14% to 17% operating return on equity. Fueling the achievement of these objectives which include doubling our non-U.S. revenue over the next five years and expanding our market share is a number of macro trends such as globalization, outsourcing and consolidation. We’re well positioned to take advantage of these trends and they are already driving our business today. The organic growth in our core business, combined with the impact of the two acquisitions, Intesa Sanpaolo Security Services business and Mourant International Finance Administration, are expected to fuel our growth in 2010. As you may remember from our December announcements of these two transactions, we expected about $100 million in annualized revenues from Mourant and about $425 million in annualized revenue from Intesa Sanpalo.  In addition, we expect organic growth in the servicing side to continue from high growth areas such as alternative investments servicing and international markets. Our pipeline is strong with the larger mandates expected to convert over the second half of 2010. As I outlined earlier, our core business growth is also supported by our large wins announced last year that are still in the process of conversion. In asset management, State Street Global Advisors continues to position itself to benefit from the increased demand from DC plans and ETF products. So while we face some challenges in the short term, I believe we are calibrating the business within a slowly improving environment in order to address these challenges, while positioning State Street for continued growth in the future. I look forward to meeting with many of you at our investor and analyst forum which is scheduled for May 5 in New York.  And now, Ed and I are happy to take your questions.
Joseph Hooley: I think the factors in securities lending, we’ve talked about before but it’s important to repeat them. One is the on loan balances. You’ve seen the customers continue to support securities lending as a means to increase yield for their portfolios. We saw some pick up quarter to quarter in that. The second factor is the Fed fund, the three month LIBOR rate, and while in the fourth quarter we thought we had troughed, we down a little bit lower although recently that ratio has come up close to 30 basis points, so we’ve seen some improvement in that. I would say on the customers risk profile, we haven’t see a lot of desire to go out and get more riskier in the collateral investments and I assume, just an assumption that over time as people get comfortable with some of the income generated from securities lending based on spreads widening out a bit that you’ll see over time some more risk taking.  But it’s hard to know where that’s going to get to, although it does feel like we’re once again at a trough.
Joseph Hooley: Ed can give you the specifics but you’re right. The electronic trading volumes continue to be pretty robust. 
Joseph Hooley: Really a mix. I’d say what we’ve seen in the first quarter is a little bit of a slow down on the passive side which ran at pretty high levels last year. A little slow down passive. ETF continues to grow nicely. Cash has slowed down a little bit. What we’ve started to see, one of the asset classes that has been slow or underperforming for the last couple of years for the whole industry is active quant and we’ve started to see some early signs of improvement in that asset class which is encouraging, but more or less it’s the passive, still but slow down ETF continuing, cash slow down a little bit and started to see signs of life in some of the active strategies.
Joseph Hooley: As far as CVO’s, we’re not a sponsor. We don’t structure CVO’s, nor do we sell CVO’s to investors so might surmise that that’s where most of the interest is. We do act as a collateral manager with respect to CVO’s. We do that only unaffiliated sponsors, and if you were to look at that, I think it’s about $2 billion that we act as a collateral manager for, but again, we don’t sponsor, structure or sell CVO’s.
Joseph Hooley: No real update. California we consider as ongoing litigation. As we pointed out I think previously as well as in the regulatory filings we’ve had a handful of inquiries from other Attorneys General that have just been increased. Haven’t turned anything that’s worth of reporting, so I would say kind of no change from prior quarter.
Joseph Hooley: I would say that as you’d expect, the net asset values of the underlying collateral pools have improved substantially. I think in aggregate north of $0.99 right now, so good improvement. We’ve always maintained a practice of allowing people to exit for normal course events, paying dividends, things like that, and we’re working through, as is I think the industry, how we lower those gates in a way that gives customers more liquidity and does it in a measured way.
Joseph Hooley: You’re right, we do continue to build capital and anticipate we’ll continue to. We said, and I continue to believe that a priority is to reinstate the dividend. Now we’re I think all in a place where we’re looking for a little more guidance from regulators. We would hope to get some further clarity on that by the end of the year, but that’s pending. So that aside, I guess the use of capital, I’ve said before and I continue to believe that particularly in the asset servicing business that we’ll see further consolidation and you continue to see evidence of that, not just in our acquisitions but in other acquisitions made within the industry. I think if you play out the capital story, particularly in places like Europe as capital levels are clarified with regard to the banking industry, I think you’re likely to see more non core custody businesses come up for sale. So I continue to believe that one good deployment of future capital will be acting on consolidation in the asset servicing industry. We always look at that assuming post insight from regulators that we have excess capital vis a vis share buy backs. So those are the three dimensions, and I think given as a priority, I think acquisition is still an active part of our strategy which I think will play out over the next several years and share buyback is obviously the other alternative.
Joseph Hooley: I think the confidence largely is anchored around the core business story. The core business, servicing asset management, I think between the backlog of installation, the current period sales which I referenced $155 billion in assets that we have closed just this month, combined with prospective view of pipeline, gives us good confidence in the momentum of the core business. Added to the that the acquisitions both Mourant which is closed and Intesa which we anticipate closing this quarter, give us good confidence and good sense that core revenues will run well through the course of the year. So that’s really the anchor for confidence in the revenue line. We also – Ed pointed out, it’s worth mentioning again, that in the market driven revenues securities finance and foreign exchange, we would expect some improvement in those lines toward the back end of the year based on in the case of foreign exchange, I think you could look to segments like mutual funds. As mutual fund investors move more towards equities and cross border equities, we would expect to see some positive reflection in foreign exchange. In securities lending, we’ve seen some recent improvements and spreads. So it’s really anchored around the core with some anticipated improvement toward the back end of the year and market revenues, and good control on expenses.
Joseph Hooley: Based on what we know today and the things that I just mentioned we are confident and at the investor day in May, we’ll push that out a little further not only in multiple years but also give you a little more sense of current year.
Joseph Hooley: I think the only thing I would say is that when you look at some of the core revenues the quarter to quarter flatness, I would expect, I think that’s more of a timing issue, so if you look at that as timing, that’s one way to project forward.
Joseph Hooley: We don’t believe we are. That’s a hard metric to follow given the breadth of the market, but we continue not to see an effect of a lawsuit, if that is where your question is going. It’s more a matter of volumes and volatility and cross border asset flows.
Joseph Hooley: I think in the fourth quarter we reported $500 billion, in that range of new business on the servicing side. There tends to be some lumpy deals, some big deals that have characteristics that require multi-quarter installations, Morgan Stanley being among those.
Joseph Hooley: I would look at the ’09 sales as coming in more in the second and third quarter. We talked about the deals closed in the first quarter and then those in April which are more than $300 billion, so those should layer in through the remaining quarters of the year.
Joseph Hooley: Yes it is. I just figured I’d give the significance even though it’s after quarter end, but in the month it’s worth mentioning.
Joseph Hooley: The $1.1 trillion just to be clear was business won versus business installed and then again, the $168 billion and $165 billion year to date would be business won not installed, so there’s some difference between that. One thing I can point to is that I think we continue to be well placed to look to outsourcing more middle office, more back office that we continue to see investment management firms in particular, consolidating with single providers, so given our position, I think we’ve evidence, we’ve talked about Legg Mason for instance moving their U.K. business to us. So I think between consolidating positions with customers, a deeper level of outsourcing, combined with continued robust activity outside of the U.S., and alternatives, which the alternative story is one of growth, but it’s also one of I think some regulatory and client pressure pushing more alternative mangers to outsource to a third party, all give us pretty good confidence that we’re in a zone where there’s quite a bit of activity going on, and I think competitively we’re pretty well positioned and we do a good job when a piece of business is up for bid and succeeding with it. So I can’t give you a number but I can give you a sense that I think that the trends that have brought us the $1.1 trillion last year and the $300 billion this year continue in place.
Joseph Hooley: Absolutely. It’s a trend whether it was IBT or Deutsche Bank or IFS, once we go in and start to deal with the customers, in this case the Intesa acquisition, we’re likely to find multiple ways we can cross sell or expand those relationships, so we do view that as one of the values in the acquisition.
Joseph Hooley: I think it’s early. We’ve got some exposure to the customers, but it will take some time to mention that. I would expect it to be not unlike the Deutsche acquisition or IDT though.
Edward Resch: We actually anticipate the margin to decline a bit as we work through the year based on our assumption that administered rates stay low for most of the year, so I’d expect we’d be toward the lower end of the 150 to 160 range as we exit the year. But the full year we expect to be in that 150 to160 range. In terms of the effect of rising rates, we’re still in the same position that we’ve been in for a long time which is that slowly rising rates benefit us, and by slowly rising again, we define that as 25 basis points a quarter on the Fed funds rate. Obviously the pace with which the rates increase, the shape of the curve and the path to get from where we are to where we end up is a huge determinate of what the ultimate NIR and NIM performance is, but our expectation is that if in fact rates slowly rise, once the Fed stops increasing rates, we’d see a benefit to both NIR and NIM all else equal.
Edward Resch: A good proxy for that would be to look at the impact on the servicing fee line of the strong dollar which was about 1%, so in the range of a little less than $10 million for the quarter.
Edward Resch: In terms of the conduit, we still are of the view that about two-thirds of the discount accretion will come back in the first five years subsequent to consolidation, so we’re almost a year post consolidation. So that’s still valid, and that’s a proxy obviously for the maturity or the expected maturities of those conduit securities. The remaining one-third though will take a fair amount of time. I think you should be thinking about it in terms of seven, eight, nine years out depending on the ultimate performance of the securities. How we think about the sales of conduit securities is really two-fold. One, it’s a question of market prices, and we’ve obviously had a pretty strong rally over the last couple of quarters in the fixed income markets and we’ve seen some securities that we think have been traded above what our view of fair value for them is, so they’re a potential candidate. Secondly, we look at the securities in the conduit that are in that favorable position and decide whether or not the gain that we could generate is appropriate given the amount of foregone discount accretion that such a sale would generated. And in the first quarter in total as I said, we gave up undiscounted $140 million of future discount accretion, and we booked $100 million roughly of gains on those securities, and we thought that on a net present value basis, that made a lot of sense for us to do. And lastly, we look at it from the standpoint of risk reduction. The conduit securities as you may recall in general were of lower credit quality than the investment portfolio – still pretty high quality but not up the level of the investment portfolio. Some of those securities on a risk reduction basis, we decided to sell in the first quarter. So you put all three of those things together, and that’s how we think about it. Going forward, it’s hard to say. We don’t have any plan as I said in response to an earlier question, to necessarily sell any legacy portfolio securities or conduit securities. It’s episodic. It’s based on the market events and our view of those credits and those securities at that time.
Edward Resch: No. It’s really opportunistic and again, as I said, based on the discount accretion give up and our view of potential risk reduction to the overall portfolio.
Edward Resch: I would say that the expense level that we ran at in the first quarter were generally in line with the overall business levels that we’ve seen. I can’t point to anything that is getting ahead of something or make an investment in anticipation of something. I’d say it’s kind of a steady state level of investment.  We’re running our technology budget in line with what we expected which was in the range of 20% to 25% of operating expenses for the full year in the quarter. The big driver in terms of expenses in the first quarter was the incentive comp accrual which we talked about again, year over year and sequentially.
Edward Resch: On a volume basis, which is a good indication, sequential quarter current X showed volume increase of 11%, year over year about 64%. So pretty robust.
Edward Resch: We’re really not in the conduit business post consolidation. We do in fact have securities issued, asset backed commercial paper issued which is a very attractive source of funding for us, and as long as it continues to be that, we’ll continue to do it. But that’s more of a just a legal mechanic where we are issuing through the conduit. So we don’t consider that as a business akin to what we had before we consolidated. In terms of the capital, I would say a good way to think about it is probably to think about it in TCE and apply 5% against the consolidated assets, so round terms, probably $750 million to $800 million, but that’s more a function of just the capital supporting that element of the conduit securities that are now in the portfolio. So I think the overall capital question is really a function of how our balance sheet grows and what we do on the asset side in terms of investing those customer deposits ultimately.
Edward Resch: As of last Friday, they were at $1.1 billion after tax and as of the end of the quarter, March, it was $1.4 billion after tax.
Edward Resch: Our expectation for the year is in that 40% range, and that’s full year comp to revenue, a little bit higher. We included the securities gains, I included the securities gains in the calculation for the first quarter, but I would say for the full year our expectation is to be in that 40% range as we have been in prior years.
Edward Resch: I gave an answer to an earlier question in the call which was that in terms of EPS, I said both of those should be thought of as being in the range of 5% or so, $0.05 or so excuse me, for the year. That’s what we meant by modestly accretive.
Betsy Graseck – Morgan Stanley: I have a question on the securities formerly known as conduit. Could you give us a sense of the time for these to roll off as the portfolio is currently composed and then could you also give us some color on how you decided what you were going to sell and just so we can get a sense as to whether or not you’re going to continue to do that going forward.
Betsy Graseck – Morgan Stanley: So you did what you though – so based on the market you do what you wanted to do for first quarter. It’s not like you’re parsing this out over time.
Betsy Graseck – Morgan Stanley: Separately on expense ratio, I think you touched on this in your prepared comments, but maybe just give us a little bit of color as to how much of the expense ratio hike this quarter is pre-investing for some of the flows you’re anticipating coming in and if there’s any kind of guidance or color as to what you are expecting to manage your expense ratio to going forward.
