Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Given the difficult environment during the second half of 2011 and the effect it had on investor confidence, we remain cautious about 2012. Should the improved U.S. markets we saw at the end of the year and so far this year be sustained, we'd expect investors to re-risk, improving the outlook for growth.  Given our outlook, we intend to continue to exercise expense control and to successfully execute on our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation Program. We expect our core business momentum to continue.  Our new business wins in 2011 were strong, and our prospect pipeline again looks good going into 2012. As has been the case for the past decade, our cross-sell revenue has been robust, demonstrating the power of our franchise. Our capital position remains strong, positioning us well for the new Basel standards, while maintaining flexibility if the right acquisition presents itself and providing the resources to increase our returns to shareholders. I believe that in 2011, the resilience of our strategy allowed us to achieve strong results and enabled us to achieve a capital position among the highest in our industry. We intend to apply the same principles to our business in 2012, in what we expect to be a continuing difficult environment.  Before opening up the call to your questions, I remind you that our annual investor and analyst meeting will be held on February 9. During that meeting, we'll provide additional comments on our outlook for 2012.  Now Ed and I are happy to entertain your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, sure, Howard. Let me comment on that. As you know, we've recently submitted our CCAR plan. And as we expressed, our capital ratios is strong and getting stronger, and we think on a relative basis, some of the strongest in the industry. Based on that, it would be our hope to increase both our dividend payout as well as the level of share buybacks that we're -- that we had in 2011. So our hope would be to increase on both fronts.
Joseph L. Hooley: I won't say right now, Howard. Just that given the capital that we have, we think that increasing both of those is appropriate, and we'll see what the regulator's reaction is.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, Ken, let me -- short answer is we would view it as incremental. So as you know, the CCAR process really attempts to assess existing capital position, and we make judgments about any distributions for 2012. Doesn't really deal with existing capital levels or ability to take on acquisitions. So our view is that we should be able to increase the dividend and the buyback while leaving sufficient capacity to take on any acquisition within reason. I've given you in the past, within the investor services or custody space, we would view most acquisitions to be in the kind of $0.5 billion to $2 billion range. So based on our assessment, we think we could do all those things. And Ken, I think the other part of your question was really just the environment...
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I do think it will be an active year, I think, for all the reasons that you've mentioned. We've got European banks recapitalizing, continued pressure on capital ratios. So -- and we've seen, I guess, some evidence in 2010, not necessarily in the trust and custody space of European banks -- 2011, shedding assets. I think that will continue, and we remain poised. So I think the environment is a positive one, and we think we're better positioned than anybody.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say it's hard to predict. I would say, though, that for 2 years now, this has been a subject of discussion and debate, and customers have talked to us about the various ways of executing foreign exchange. And what you saw this quarter, although it was not a major driver, was more of a decline in volumes of volatility. But we saw some evidence of clients moving to different options. And as I've said repeatedly, we have all the options that are necessary, so no customers are leaving. And I'd expect over time, you'll continue to see some movement in that direction. What we're planning to counteract that is we're looking to drive more volume in the foreign exchange business, not only with our existing customers but new customers as well. So where that all levels out, it's hard to say, but not surprising that were seeing some movement in the direction of alternative execution platforms.
Joseph L. Hooley: Well, Brian, I think the number for the fourth quarter was $590 billion on the asset servicing business, and I believe there's $300 billion to be implemented. I'd say the majority of that in the first, a little leakage into the second quarter, so it's kind of front part of the year loaded.
Joseph L. Hooley: $590 billion was won in the fourth quarter, and off that, so $290 billion was installed in the fourth quarter and $300 billion flows over into 2012.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we -- I mean, I guess I'd begin by saying that we consider this to be a little bit of an abnormal environment in 2012 where we think we did a good job in generating EPS in 2011. It was driving the expense line. It was driving revenue. It was returning capital to shareholders. Now that -- to me, that theme is going to carry forward in 2012 where we're driving revenue on all fronts, looking at new business, cross sell, examining fee schedules, fee increases, new products. So we're driving on all fronts there. And I think you've seen, particularly evidenced by the fourth quarter, that we're prepared to take expense action in order to make sure that we calibrate to the environment from the standpoint of generating earnings. So expect more of the same for 2012. And we'll give you a little bit more insight when we get together in February at the investor and analyst conference as far as some of the underlying assumptions, which drive top line, bottom line and EPS. But I'm not in a position to do that right now.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Howard -- sorry, Gerard. I would say it's a journey. I think we've been at it for a while. I think -- when I look at, call it, broadly pricing power, the way I think about that is, first and foremost, we need to continue to develop and create new products so that we can differentiate ourselves. Because without differentiation, it's hard to get fee increases or pricing power. So combined with that, the more complex the deal, the better opportunity there is for differentiation and therefore pricing leverage, which naturally takes you to the larger end of our client base. I think in the smaller end of the client base, we can increase price through pricing increases, and it's probably easier to do, but it's got less impact. So our focus is really on looking at -- I think we have very good customer base profitability metrics, and all of our account teams know what target margins are and they're using all their tools within their power, cross-selling, fee increases to make sure that we get paid for the value that we're creating. And I think there's been some evidence of the ability to increase fees. I'd say some of the more common areas would be in things like securities lending, where we can shift the split, or in some cases, straight pricing increases. So let's say it's -- as each quarter rolls on and as the environment continues to be constrained, we're working harder and harder and more aggressively on making sure that we're capturing the right level of economics for the services that we're providing. So ongoing.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I'd say a couple of points there. One, pretty clear to me that this group of organizations that you're referencing are not growing. They're not gaining any shares. So we compete. It's rare that they show up in a meaningful competition. So I think from the standpoint of if you're looking from inside one of those, let's say, universal banks looking out, you wouldn't be seeing growth. I think the reason that these assets have not come out before now is that there's some perception that the deposit base provide some stability to their funding, so I think that's one of the reasons that a bank might be looking at potential assets for sale, that this would be not in the first wave or first phase. I think we're getting past the first phase. I think the need to raise capital overwhelmed. The belief that the deposits provide a good source of funding for these banks. So I think it's just a slow process. But they're not growing from what I can tell. They're not being funded, so new product investment is likely to be low. So I just think it's a little bit of a waiting game here, but it will eventually happen.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say a couple of things. One, up 'til now, the stress tests have really been geared around the following years, capital generation and how that might be deployed for things like buybacks or dividends. I don't know out a year whether that -- I think that eventually changes where you look at total capital and look at use of capital, look at -- not use of capital, but look at capital under stress. And you'd expect, over time, you'd see more flexibility. Too early to tell. I guess from another standpoint, we'd look at that from a standpoint of kind of the point in time. What does the acquisition environment look like? How much capital should we hold on the side to make sure that we didn't get shut out of that. And then what our stock was trading at and whether or not it would be attractive to buy back shares at what price. So it's very hard to project out over a year what the environment might look like. It's also hard -- although I think, over time, the Fed will relax rules around capital. And that will probably be a factor of the environment. If the environment looks, feels more stable, if Europe appears more predictable, it's likely we'll see more flexibility with -- from the regulators.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Let me take a swing at that. I would say -- the first thing I would say is, almost a couple of years ago, I think we got out in front of this a little bit by anticipating the environment was going to be challenging, and so we put in place the IT and ops transformation plan, which is pretty broad-based and far reaching throughout the organization. We anticipate upon execution we'll -- it'll affect close to 10% of the expense base of the company. So it's pretty pervasive, it's structural. It's recurring. It's hard to do, but will provide many benefits. So I'd say that's kind of the centerpiece. I would say beyond that, every year, every quarter, we review business lines, look at expenses against revenues. And there's a certain amount of calibration you can make there largely around headcount, around some of the other fees that are associated with delivering those products and services. I'd say the third dimension of how we view expense control is -- there are more short-term things we can do -- tend to be around things like consultant expense in this quarter. Incentive compensation, there are adjustments you can make in a quarter. So I would say we look at it across, I think, 3 dimensions: one, broad organizational structural changes in the cost base, and those will continue; two, at a product or a business line level, making sure that the product or business line is returning the right level of economics to the corporation; and then within a period, within a quarter, there are certain adjustments we can make. And we're focused on all 3 of those levers.
Joseph L. Hooley: Well, I think the -- so I just mentioned, I just talked about the IT and ops, which is the 4-year plan. I think the -- we made a decision this quarter to shut down our fixed income rates initiative, which we just thought wasn't going to allow us to achieve a hurdle rate that we thought we could achieve, we felt we needed to achieve. So we're constantly looking at business line level, our products reaching the hurdle rate. Other than that, we're looking at personnel efficiencies across the organization. We're looking at other expenses, how we -- what we pay for consultants, what consultants we use. So it's a little bit of my response to the prior question, Mike. It's structural, it's business line and it's at a point in time within a quarter things that we can moderate in order to reflect the environment that's occurring in the quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say it would be tough. I mean, I've said before that if we approach again more normalized environments, 10-plus percent revenue growth, you'd expect a couple of percent of operating leverage as you get to a mid-single range. Maybe it's a percent as you get into the kind of 0 to 5 growth rates. It's -- things have to happen the right way in order to get operating leverage.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Mike. No, it's within the house. It's just we have, I think, 4 different products within FX, depending on how people interact with us. And they're just moving from one option to another. But it's all staying within State Street.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think I'm not trying to give necessarily a negative outlook, just a realistic outlook around the challenge of the second half of last year. And I don't think anybody's ready to predict that the most recent markets are going to sustain themselves. If they sustain themselves, then my outlook changes. I think we're just being cautious. The most recent market action looks good. We still worry about Europe. So we're just trying to be realistic about the environment that we're operating in. And also being, I think, straightforward in our disclosure that we intend to keep adjusting the expense base to make sure that if the environment continues to be constrained, that we can continue to generate earnings.  So we will look forward to seeing, hopefully, most of you at our investor and analyst meeting in February. Thank you.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we saw a continuation of the third quarter into the fourth quarter with, actually, some increase, Howard. As I noted, we went from an excess deposit position of $15 billion in Q3 to $23 billion on average in Q4. We actually, as the year has started, are seeing a bit of a return to back to a more normal level on those deposits, but it's only been a short period of time. So hard to extrapolate a trend from that. But that's where we are short time into the year so far.
Edward J. Resch: No, not really. I mean, we feel pretty comfortable where we are, around that 60, 40 floating fixed level, Howard. Again, our investment plan is predicated on the rate forecast I gave you for the year. So I don't think we're anticipating much of a change from that.
Edward J. Resch: I'd say, if you're looking for an attribution in terms of the -- for the quarter, right? Sequentially, the stronger dollar and market attribute about 1/3 of the delta. And I'd say the other factors, which you're calling customer activity, client activity, is the other 2/3.
Edward J. Resch: I think it is environmental dependent. If the environment does reverse, we could see a return back to more normal customer flows and levels. But if this environment continues the way it unfolded in Q4, we could see these types of levels being maintained.
Edward J. Resch: Tough to prognosticate into the future. I mean, our market assumptions for next year are, on average, as I said, the S&P up about 5%. So I would think that there could be some uplift if that actually materializes, Alex. I mean, we are a little more cautious on EFA, as I noted in terms of our market assumption. I think rates are pretty well and certainly, in the U.S., a given. I think most people accept the fact that the Fed's going to stay at 25 for a protracted period of time. So assuming those environmental factors play out, I would not feel comfortable saying that the fourth quarter is a run rate to extrapolate into the future. I mean, certainly, we plan on having the business grow, and that's always the way we approach a year going in from a budget standpoint. So it is, though, partly, dependent on the markets, the environment and how customers feel about risking or rerisking or continuing to be in a relatively derisked position.
Edward J. Resch: Well, again, I don't want to predict quarterly levels but -- in terms of expenses, but I think that the way to think about it is broadly, as you said, that we have an incremental contribution coming from the ops and IT transformation, which needs to be factored into the run rate. Obviously, the expense run rate is, in large part, calibrated based on the revenue performance of the company. And we're cognizant of that as we think about both our budget and our -- any adjustments we need to make either way, up or down. The other thing that I think you need to factor into your thinking is that we still see some headwinds from a regulatory cost and a compliance standpoint. That number is -- we estimate to be around $30 million annual next year. So that's going up from a $50 million number this year as we continue to work through the new regulatory landscape, figure out the effects of Dodd-Frank, et cetera. So -- and the other point that I mentioned in my comments, Alex, is that we expect the costs associated with implementing the ops and IT program this year to increase next year. So that would be an increment to the run rate. They will peak in 2012 at about $25 million a quarter. So there's a couple of moving pieces on the expense side, but I'd say, if you look at all of those things and then try to calibrate them to how the revenue environment is shaping up, that should give you an idea of what we're probably going to do on the expense side.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, I think that's generally okay. But again, you have to look at the fourth quarter. We moved the incentive compensation down reflective of results. I mean, if the opposite is true, we may move some of that up. If you look at the first quarter, we have a bump in comp in the first quarter based on the accounting associated with our bonuses for the early-retirement eligible people. So it's a little tough to just take a quarterly average and kind of run it out through 2012. There's some peaks and valleys potentially.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, it assumes more the latter in terms of keeping any excess deposits we have at central banks. We are, though, assuming, more of a normal level of excess deposits, if I could say that, and probably about half the level of the fourth quarter. We averaged $23 billion in the fourth -- $23 billion in the fourth quarter. Our planning for 2012 is about half of that, so we're on $11 billion on average. So it's more driven by that.
Edward J. Resch: I think we're of the view to keep it short. I mean, it's pretty transitory for the most part. I mean, just to put that in perspective, our point estimate at 1231 for excess deposits was $50 billion, 5-0. All right? So we're pretty cautious about where that -- where we put that.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, there's been some noise in that line both ways in the last couple of quarters, Brian, some gains that were nonrecurring, and we would expect that fair value adjustment that I referred to as being nonrecurring in that line. So I think the -- kind of the average is probably better around that $70 million level, something like that.
