Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Eric. Our long-term growth is being fueled by State Street Beacon and the way ahead. And after 225 years, we can step back and see what has made us successful. It's been our people, technology, insights, and experience combining to create enhanced asset intelligence for our clients. Our future success will be driven by these strengths and our ability to further differentiate ourselves by transforming the way data is utilized to provide additional capabilities to our global client base. Now, Hope, I'd like to open the call to investor questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, Ken. This is Jay. Happy to do that. The BlackRock transition will occur beginning in 2018, not 2017, and is likely to take several quarters to be completed.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me pick that one up, Alex. What I can tell you is that it is a little bit elevated, and it's elevated because the deals that we've been booking the last couple of quarters tend to be meatier, more complex deals, which you can infer from that higher-ish fee rates because it's back office, middle office. And, therefore, the chunkiness causes extended implementation lifecycle. So, I guess that's what I'd say about that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Jim, let me start and then I'll let Eric quickly jump in. I think that I agree with your point, which is there is a lot of discussion – even public discussion. I thought it was notable that when Governor Tarullo gave his ending speech a few weeks ago that he spiked out (39:53) custody bank excess deposit/SLR issue as something that was probably an unintended consequence. So I probably never felt better about the uniform view that excess deposits (40:11) leverage ratio was unintended and probably should be corrected over time. Not sure when it will be corrected in what form, whether they exclude the excess deposits or whether they ladder (40:24) adjust the leverage ratio. But I think the outlook is pretty good from the standpoint of getting some relief to be determined when and in what form.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, Jim, there is enormous pressure, as has become very visible in the last year or so on the traditional long-only fund companies and so they're doing everything they can to get more efficient. And it has created an uptick – a significant uptick in not only deal flow, but the complexity of deal flow, meaning the middle-office. Gosh, I would get to at least an half of the mutual fund related activity today that's got a middle-office component. And even probably, more interestingly, it also has a data component to it. So there's DataGX, which is a fairly new offering for us where we act as the data integrator, taking the middle-office, not only the data that we have but data from other custodians. That product is surging too. So I think it's a natural consequence of more downward pressure on the investment management business generally. And we're in a pretty good place, given the product offering and the things that we're continuing to do, not only to help solve the middle-office issue, but edge our way into the front office with DataGX and other analytics products.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Happy to do that, Vivek. As you know, over the past probably 10 years, we have moved into the alternative administration space, both hedge, private equity, and real estate and, in fact, are a leader in that marketplace. And you also are well aware that the hedge fund industry has suffered many sequential quarters of outflows due to performance and other reasons. And so we would reflect some of that movement. And in the quarter, we continue to see outflows in hedge funds. And I would just suggest that we hope that turns, but we're not fully in control of that. But I'd also mention that that's just one dimension of our servicing complex. I could also point to a few other things, just to provide some balance. The long-only business – the traditional long-only business in the U.S. actually looked a little bit better. You've seen outflows for a long time. That kind of went to neutral in the past quarter, which we view as constructive. And then, just to give you a couple of other dimensions. Outside of the U.S., the offshore markets continue to run very fast, and we're the market leader in the offshore services, most of which are centered in Luxembourg and Dublin. And then just final point to that, just to give you kind of the highlights of the big movers. As money has moved out of hedge funds, we've seen it flow into private equity and real estate. And so, we've seen our private equity administration business pick up, and even real estate more recently, as the complexity of doing back-office for real estate assets is overwhelming some of the asset managers. So I would say I wouldn't focus overtly on just hedge funds. I think it's always a portfolio where some things are in favor, some things are out of favor. And I'd say, for now, hedge funds continue to look to be out of favor, which reflects on our – that component of our servicing fees.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, I would say – my broad comment about asset management is, we feel we focused our strategy more in ETFs and solutions, and we've been making investments. And I think the performance that you've seen this quarter and the last couple quarters is a reflection of that. So we feel good about the space that we've decided to compete in. And the GE Asset Management acquisition has exceeded expectations from a standpoint of getting everybody onboard and even having a little bit of – it's early days, but some uptick in new business. It's given us much more variety in our asset classes in order to fulfill our solutions business. And from an acquisition standpoint, Vivek, I would say there's probably some gaps, smaller gaps in our asset offering that, if we could fill them with a team or a small acquisition, we would entertain, but nothing more significant than that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah. Let me just clarify that, Brian. What I described is that it's a higher – the $375 billion is a higher level of backlog to be installed than we have traditionally had. And connected to that, I mentioned that the reason for that is that they're bigger, meatier, more complex deals, therefore, they have a longer implementation timeframe. You can infer from that that there's more middle-office and complexity and so a higher fee rate. The BlackRock business is kind of standard kind of 1940 Act-ish straightforward common trust fund business, so a little simpler.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Hope. And I just want to thank everybody for their participation today and we look forward to speaking with you in July with the second quarter results. Thank you.
Eric W. Aboaf: Sure, Ken, it's Eric. Let me just take you through it so that you've got a good visibility. I think what you've seen us do this quarter as we designated the bulk of the FX swap activity that we've been doing for a number of quarters and years as economic hedges against the deposits. And as a result, those FX swap costs now sit in NII as opposed to in processing fees. I think that's a kind of – it's a natural way to report our NII and NIM. And our expectation is we'll continue to do that going forward and reflect them along those lines. I think if you're just looking for the numbers, I'm happy to share those with you. On a year-over-year basis, the swing was about 3 bps. On a quarter-over-quarter, it was about 5 bps. And now I think we've got a good path going forward.
Eric W. Aboaf: I think the – you really have to do two things on the processing and other line, which always have some volatility in it, right? One is you've got to take out the BFDS/IFDS gain, right? And then secondly, you've got to remove the 5 basis points worth of swap costs. That was about $25 million on the science (21:01) of our balance sheet and use that as the new baseline. I will remind you, there's always some volatility in that line, plus/minus some. So just keep an eye on that and look back over the past, I think it will give you a bit of an indication.
Eric W. Aboaf: Glenn, it's Eric. Let me take that. The client beta is you have to actually – you have to look carefully at the average interest-earning schedule to decipher. This quarter, they were in the 20% to 25% range, which is I think what we've seen towards the start of a rate cycle in the past what we saw a year ago. The way to extract them from that average earning schedule is to take a look at the U.S. deposit costs, U.S. interest-bearing costs. You saw those nudge up about 6 basis points quarter-over-quarter, right, relative to a 25 basis point hike by the Fed. If you also look down at the total interest-bearing or the non-U.S. interest-bearing deposit costs, just remember, the swap costs affect that line, and so there'll be some noise there that you just have to account for.
Eric W. Aboaf: I think there is a fair number of themes you just covered in a short sentence, but I think you've got the gist of it. I think what you'll find is, as asset values increase, right – they were up, asset values year-over-year against our mix of equity and fixed income and all were up about 10%, for example – you'll naturally see just because of the denominator effect, the fee rate flowed down. So I think that's just part of the dynamic of the math, and then that's further impacted by mix. I think you are right, though. If you think about the buildup of revenue growth in an asset servicing business, it starts from how much asset appreciation do you expect year-over-year, right, and we've got the last 10, 20, 30 years to look at. You think about flows, right. Are you servicing asset managers who are bringing inflows as opposed to seeing net outflows. So that matters. You then add net new business, right. Are you gaining a point of market share or 2 points, like what the – how effective are you doing that. And, obviously, one of the reasons for that Beacon investment and the technology and the sophistication in the global offering we add is to push that in the right direction. There is always a little bit of pricing headwind. I think there is a little bit of pricing headwind in this business and every business that one operates in, but that's got to be made up. And then there is foreign exchange swings up and down. So those are kind of the – that's the algebra that I think we think about and, obviously, a number of those we can control. And that's how we're focused.
Eric W. Aboaf: I still remember that you asked about the gamma on beta. I think that's the second derivative, if I remember properly from my calculus days. I think it's a fair question. Betas have been relatively low by past historical standards. We saw 20% to 25% this quarter. We saw about that a year ago, though, it's hard to always calibrate the very first uptick. We expect this level again in second quarter, right, at least within that range, given what we see so far. I think what happens after that is the broader question – what happens if there is a hike in September, what happens with hikes next year – because we all know that betas for past cycles are in the 50%, 60% range. And the question is – will those repeat themselves and, if so, when. Obviously, the environment has changed, right? The money market fund and offering is weaker than it's been before, so that could be a positive for banks when you think about betas. On the other hand, there are always pressures the other way. So we'll see. But so far, we've seen I think healthy betas and kind of a good balance, and we expect that to play out for the next hike or two.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah, Brennan, I'd just add that from a financial standpoint, the outflows here were in very thin margin passive strategies. I think our overall fee rate in SSGA is about 6 basis points or so. These were a good bit below those. So there's always a bit of question when you have competitive bidding and so forth, as you want to keep low fee, low margin business. And you can imagine we also need to be a little bit disciplined there. I think the important news is that the inflows that came in with that ETF franchise are above those rates. And so in a way, we had a revenue uptick. And if you want to step back, asset under management – assets under management in the business were up 4% sequentially, revenue was up 6%. Why? Because we're actually trading up as part of our business expansion here.
Eric W. Aboaf: Sure. Let me start with the balance sheet side. I think you did see us bring it down consciously. The background there is, as you know, as a company, we began to tackle the size of the balance sheet almost two years ago now. I think we've done quite good work there. Second half last year, with some of the large inflows that we had disclosed (32:18) on the asset servicing side, those came with deposits, right, and so deposits started to float up. It took the size of our balance sheet up. And what you saw us do is effectively make sure that we digested those, some of those we cap. And then under the surface, you saw us do some optimization, right? We rolled down some of our treasury CD portfolio, that's down over two quarters by about $5 billion, $6 billion. So we're taking out some of the higher cost deposits as we manage and keep the balance sheet tight. Going forward, I think you're right. I think it's going to be flattish, maybe down a little bit, maybe flat. You never really know with our client inflows and outflows, so I want to be careful there. But I think we're comfortable with the step reduction that we took. And going forward, it will be a little more on the business-as-usual side. On the securities portfolio, that's exactly right. I think we saw an opportunity. We moved just a few billion out of our $100 billion of securities, and we feel pretty confident where we are, so we don't expect further adjustments in the near future.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah. I think the assumptions are in line with what we disclosed back in January. We're expecting several percentage point increase in underlying equity markets, I think, in line with general economic forecast. FX was kind of at the level of where we were in January. The only large swing we've seen so far is the British pound. So just – but that's a piece, not a large piece, but obviously a piece of our European revenues. So not a large swing there. So I'd sort of summarize as basic economic assumptions that you or we or others would have out there.
Eric W. Aboaf: All right. Let me just try to take through those – all fair questions. The back-end sensitivity, I think the best way to frame it is, we have that interest rate NII disclosure for 100 basis points up/down in our K. We also have the ramp, but the shock is probably the easiest one to talk through. If you remember, about 60% of our interest rate sensitivity is in the dollar book, the balance is in Europe. And then, of the dollar book sensitivity impact, the overall – about 80% of our sensitivity is at the front-end, about 20% at the back-end of the curve. So, I think it's the front-end rate hikes from the Fed that matter the most. But I think what you will see is, had rates stayed up in the 2.50%, 2.60%, 2.70% (37:15) range in the U.S. and U.S. markets, then that would have created a tailwind of NII for most bank portfolios, just given where they have been purchased at in the last few years. I think without that, you won't have a natural tailwind and so you can't count on that. And so, it's not a huge mover, but it's the kind of thing that we want to keep an eye on as we estimate and give outlooks on NII. Repurchase strategy – oh, the repo. The repo line is just the earnings on the repo book. Some of that – it's a pretty typical repo book. Some of that includes some repos that are designated under FIN 41 with netting, all that is, I think, well laid out in terms of balances and size in our K in the footnotes. I think it's footnotes 10, 11 or 12. You can find them. But that's recurring earnings, because it's effectively a matchbook of repos and reverses, and so that line will now, as rates have flowed up, will tend to recur.
Eric W. Aboaf: Premium amortization is not significant at this point in our book. I think it was down just slightly, but not enough to call out as a movement of NII or NIM this quarter.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah. And let me – it's Eric. Let me just add to the tactical question. For the leverage ratio to be adjusted, there're obviously a number of different scenarios in which that could happen. I mean, we don't know. If it does get relaxed, certainly there is an opportunity to accept more deposits. I think there's certainly a lot of liquidity floating around the system, both here in the U.S. and in Europe. Obviously, the question is at what rate, and so we'd want to be judicious about that. There's also an ability to lighten our preferred level in the capital stack. We have call options on most of those tranches and so could adjust there. I think what I would point out, though, is certainly there's a question as to whether the rules get – to get adjusted but also how. Because, remember, the leverage ratio, it affects us as a bank on an SLR basis, right, under the SLR rules, but also the spot current leverage ratio impacts us in terms of CCAR and the CCAR ask. So there're kind of two different parts to the leverage ratio that matter. And then I'll also remind you just to be careful that if leverage is not a binding constraint for a bank, then at some point, RWA and CET1 is. And so there's a lot of moving parts here that we'd have the consider if there are some changes.
Eric W. Aboaf: Jeff, it's a good question. We've certainly had a history of the disclosures with GAAP and operating. I think there's some benefit to that, right, because they provide you a sense for the underlying business, especially the big program like Beacon, their restructuring charges that are important to note. I do think, though, that there's investor interest, there's analyst interest, and making sure we're as simple to understand as possible. I met with a number of you down in New York, here in Boston over the last couple of months, and that came through as some of the feedback that I picked up. So I think you saw us narrow down the number of lines. Discount accretion was all of $5 million, and so to kind of call it out as a separate line, I'd rather just tell you how much it is and incorporated in both results just to make all of our work easier. So I think you saw us take a step change this quarter. I think we'll continue to reevaluate during the course of the year. And, obviously, year-ends are a more natural time to make – to potentially make some more changes. But I'll be out there listening and seeing if there is some feedback one way or the other, and we'll take it from there.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah, Betsy, it's Eric. I think part of the optimization that you saw us do over the course of the last quarter is obviously focused on the excess deposits or the non-operating deposits. I think those come in a couple of flavors, right? Some deposits by virtue of coming from financial institutions, and there is a very broad definition under the U.S. and Basel rules, all count as non-operating. I think you saw us a couple years back reduce those amounts, and we want to stay in a comfortable zone because those financial institutions, hedge funds, private equity funds, those are our natural clients we're servicing. And even though those don't count as sticky deposits, we may think they should, but they don't under the rules. We need to accommodate those and we'll continue to do that. So I think we've made some step changes there a year-and-a-half ago and are comfortable with the level. I think what we find is in the balance of our business, what happens is you have deposits and up to a point, they count as operating. And over that point, when they are above the kind of natural flows that you would expect them to cover, the rules require you to do some calculations or statistical analysis, designate a kind of a level for different types of clients based on their activities and the levels above that tend to be excess. Those are the ones that we've obviously spent more time trying to calibrate and adjust. It's not a science, but that's what we're focused and that's been the effort. I think, going forward, as I said, I think the balance sheet size is comfortable where it's at. We'd like to keep it flattish from here. I'm an ex-Treasurer. So I always say down a tick just to keep things tight, but we like where we are. We'll always do work, though, under the surface. And so we still have a wholesale CD book in the $8 billion to $9 billion range. If some good client deposits come in, I can bring that down. That would improve NIM because of the interest rate cost differential, and you'll see us take those kinds of actions if we can.
Eric W. Aboaf: That's a good question, Betsy. And I've not actually spent a lot of time with that historic measure, probably because we have so many measures, whether it's SLR, fully phased-in SLR, we have CET1, we have Tier 1, we have advanced and standardized. And so, to be honest, my perspective is I expect some refinements on the current capital rules, but not so much that we could go back to some of those historic measures like TE to TA. I think that will just be an outgrowth of what the current rules are, to be honest.
Eric W. Aboaf: Sure. Other operating expense – and I think other folks on the call can find it on the supplement or the earnings report, it's up year-on-year really for two reasons. One is the GE sub-advisory fees actually get booked in that line and that was about – I think about half, a third to half of the uptick. The other is that there is some regulatory and insurance costs, right. There's FDIC, there is some of that equivalent in Europe, and I think there might even been some of those VAT taxes (51:20) and so forth that come through on the expense line. Quarter-on-quarter, what you did see is a reduction. The quarter-on-quarter reduction is down about 5%. And that was professional fees coming down, some of that is we've in-sourced more of regulatory activities, so you see that in a different line, as an example. But that was down sequentially.
Eric W. Aboaf: Yeah, I think that's fair. I think you can think of that line as flattish – within a range. I think there's some volatility. We've got some of our regulatory costs, but those at least – unless we hear more, right, from some of the supervisors, we expect those to continue, and some of those are good run-the-bank kind of activities. So I think relatively flattish going forward.
Eric W. Aboaf: Steve, it's Eric. There's a bit of deposits with every client that we have, and we'll certainly factor that in, and that's factored in our view of this year and next year. I will say, though, there are more deposits that tend to come our way than go. Our treasurer and our businesses do quite a bit of balancing between price and just active discussions with our servicing counterparties about how much they can leave with us. And so, if a little deposits flow out, let me tell you, there'll be other clients who want to leave deposits with us in a pretty simple exchange.
Eric W. Aboaf: Steve, it's Eric. I think that's a good question, and I'd kind of answer it in two ways. I think we're comfortable with the current level of dividends versus buyback. It gives us a good amount of flexibility in terms of the capital structure. We like the opportunity to have the mix that we have. And, obviously, that's all part of our CCAR ask that we submitted back in April. I think I'd also say that, as said has (58:50) become clear, that there isn't really a 30% dividend cap as a way to return capital to shareholders, we'll consider over time whether we want to make some adjustments, but that will be something we consider. But no, no new news to report at this point.
Eric W. Aboaf: There was not in this quarter. It's Eric. Brian, there's not in this quarter just because it was done at the end of the quarter. There'll be a small one, but it's fairly minor in the scheme of our revenues and certainly incorporated in our fee and revenue guidance that we've provided.
