Joseph Hooley: Thanks, Ed. I believe that we took steps over the past two years to improve our risk position and the results of the first quarter testified to the strength of our core business and the expense controls we put in place. We were pleased to increase our dividend, and receive Board approval to repurchase up to $675 million of our common shares in 2011.  The U.S. recovery seems to be moving ahead and several of the European markets are showing signs of recovery. However, the issues in the Middle East and Japan, as well, as several European countries are waiting on a broader global recovery this year. We're making progress against our plan to transform our operating model through technology improvements and have been recognized in the industry as a leader in the deployment of private cloud computing.  We continue to deepen our relationships with existing clients and to add new clients globally, as you can see by our results in the first quarter. I'm also very proud of the gains we've made from a corporate social responsibility standpoint. Most recently, we were named among the top 20 greenest banks in the world for our environmental practices, which is an increasingly important area of focus for our clients, our shareholders and our employees.  Overall, I'm pleased with our performance in the first quarter and remain confident in our ability to continue to drive growth in our core businesses. Now Ed and I are happy to take your questions.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, the -- of the $300 billion that was committed in the first quarter, $115 billion was installed. And we expect to install another $185 billion. I don't have that for the fourth quarter. And as you know, the nature of these commitments are pretty varied, which is why I think you can generally look at a one to two quarter lag from commitment to implementation.
Joseph Hooley: Sure. The ops and IT initiative which we announced in the fourth quarter, 2011 is a year where in the early part of the year, we're doing some investing and then we're starting to generate some of the improvements towards the back end of the year, so on a net basis, it's slightly positive, I think is what we'd say, with the greater gains coming in the out years. The only thing I'd add to that is since we announced the plan, we announced the plan with some previous activity leading up to it, we're really tracking to that. I think we'll the slight improvement in '11. And we feel very confident about the long-term plan as well.
Joseph Hooley: I think the way we look at capital and the way we look at it through the capital plan review was more at a total return to shareholder which combines the dividend and the buyback. And I think if you looked at the banks that went through the capital plan review, we're in line with the return to capital of those banks. I guess the way we look at it prospectively is, we look at acquisition opportunities versus share buybacks. And I continue to think that we'll see some acquisition opportunities particularly as you think about the core custody franchise and some of the subscale players that largely are in Europe. So we're trying to stay nimble delivering returns, delivering capital to shareholders to the vehicles I mentioned. And yet, also be well-capitalized should acquisitions come about.
Joseph Hooley: No, no. I think it's just, to me, it's volatility. I think we've seen volumes were reasonable during the quarter. And I think you've seen volatility was slightly off in the fourth quarter. So I don't see anything structural there.
Joseph Hooley: The pretax margin in FX. No, I think that the -- I commented it over the preceding five quarters. The revenues around and again, indirect FX has been relatively stable.
Joseph Hooley: It's absolutely helping in that I think, we've tended to focus on a pretty narrow aspect of the foreign exchange marketplace. I think we're differentiated in that we have a comprehensive range of foreign exchange capabilities. Currenex being just one but FX Connect also being a market leader in the aggregation and netting of trades. So we've seen those electronic trading businesses grow at double-digit rates, close to 20% for years.
Joseph Hooley: I think -- as I mentioned earlier, it's difficult because you've got -- tends to be the longer the duration of the implementation cycle, the meatier the revenues just because the nature of middle office and the likes of -- it's hard to make it that linear.
Joseph Hooley: I think, Brian, it's probably a follow-on to the prior comment, which is foreign exchange can be executed many different ways depending on the customer, the circumstance and the people trade to think [ph] contemplated. And I think having the full suite of capabilities allows us a greater opportunity to capture foreign exchange in whatever form it's being traded in. So that's probably where I'd leave that.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I get the question. Yes, I think so. I mean, I think -- I don't think anything has changed. But one of the consequences of the pipeline and the new business and the new customers is the ancillary activity that connects with that. So I would say in a more traditional add-a-customer or add-a-service, I think we're doing a pretty good job of penetrating the cross sell. I think in the case of, probably more in case of Intesa Sanpaolo's customers, again, it's probably still early days. But we're doing a pretty good job of getting in and understanding what other capabilities we could sell. And we have a pretty good track record of past roll ups or acquisitions to do a pretty good job cross-selling. So it's early days, but we're making some headway.
Joseph Hooley: I would say, Brian, it's hard to say broadly they're any different than -- I would say though that more of the deals these days, we just, in fact, we just announced a deal today that's representative of this with Martin Currie, represent this middle office componentry which, where we have an excess of 60% market share across the globe, more and more investment managers are looking to their suppliers for a deeper level of outsourcing. We're well positioned there. And as I said before, the more involved and integrated the sale is, the greater opportunity we have for margins. So I would say the more complex, the better the margins, the more simple, the tighter the pricing.
Joseph Hooley: John, I would just add that the -- one of the reasons that we highlight so frequently the new business flows and new activities is that, if there's custody involved, deposits flow. So I think there's some correlation between the new business, the growth, the new custody assets and the deposit volumes that flow in.
Joseph Hooley: Let me just try to give you a little color on that, John. I'm not sure we can be precise with the percentages. But a couple of points, one, I referenced the alternatives, I think hedge fund and private equity. That's been a big growth area for us. And I think if you look at, in fact, just recent as this week there, the forecast about the growth of hedge funds, we see our asset owner customers increase in the allocated the hedge funds. In the hedge fund world, I would say that sales there tend to be -- take away from the competitors or more often it's an internal hedge fund outsourcing activity. So that would be expansion of market or new business. With regard to -- if I focused on the new business, the higher into the new business, the bigger deals, let's say. I would say, it tends to be a customer consolidating positions with a single provider. So and I would go back to because it's recent, I think we just put it out very recently, Martin Currie is a little bit of a prototype in that we had a small portion of their business. They in-sourced middle office, they took a look at their business and decided that they wanted to outsource the middle office and select a single provider. I think it was with three or four different providers. And so they elected to consolidate all of that with us. The other thing I would say is that, particularly in the upper end of the market where there's a middle office component involved, it's rare that if we really want that customer, that we won't be successful in a competitive bid situation. So I think our product set is comprehensive and we're doing quite well competitively.
Joseph Hooley: That's hard to say, Gerard. And I think it happens in two ways, the -- probably the obvious way is, economies in scale, if you consolidate from four providers to one, there's probably some pricing advantage you're going to get in the marketplace. But I would say, the bigger and more subtle change here is that, even in Martin Currie, that the overhead that they have to deal with four different suppliers, four different data feeds, the cost that they achieve internally by going single supplier is pretty significant. And I would guess probably outweighs the cost of the marginal improvement in pricing they get from suppliers, which is why it's happening.
Joseph Hooley: I would say, Gerard, again, you look at the bigger deals, there's probably 70-30, a 70-30 split between the bigger deals driving more of the activity. You look at half to 2/3 of it with a middle office component in increasing.
Joseph Hooley: $8 trillion has the middle office component to it. If you would attract the growth in total, AUA versus growth in middle office, you'd see a stark difference, AU [ph] or the middle office growth being considerably higher from a percentage standpoint. Let us think about that as we go forward, if there's a way to give you a little bit more color on that.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. As far as the pricing environment, I think it's become more visible to our customers through our dialogues around the need to, in the case of existing customers, improve the economics and relationships given some of the fall-off in market-based revenues. We've actually had some fee increases recently as a result of that. And in addition, the discussion more likely goes to less additional services we can provide to those customers. So I think that we've been dealing with this market environment for a while. So it's more visible to customers. And I think that the way we go forward with this is, additional cross sell, additional activities to customers, pricing increases where we can get them. I haven't seen -- I think your question, Jeff, has there been any meaningful change in competitive pricing in the last quarter? I haven't really detected that.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. I would say on that, Howard. The -- we're above expectations almost on all fronts. The bringing on the integration of the business is well underway now that we've got several quarters of experience with both of those businesses. The client retention has exceeded expectations which were high anyway. And as I commented on earlier, the cross sell is progressing well. But there's more to do there. So I think that they're well under way. They're in a position where, if something else were to come along, I don't think that finishing up those integrations are an impediment to any another activities we might pursue.
Joseph Hooley: Sure. I'm happy to do that, Rob. We reported net new business of $29 billion and SSgA on the asset management side. And little bit more color on that, still good flows into passive, $31 billion is our passive number, $5 billion in ETFs, a little bit less on the cash side. So I think consistent with this barbell approach that many investment managers are pursuing, which is more allocation to the alternatives, more allocation to the passive. We continue to pick up mandates on the passive side. We closed the Bank of Ireland asset management acquisition in early January, that's come on as expected and we're trying to take that fundamental active strategy and deploy it through our distribution network at SSgA. With regard to acquisitions or other outlook, I think we're in a good space relative to our quantitative passive, EPS solutions orientation. But if there was something that made sense, we always consider ways to incrementally improve our product set or address a new geography. So kind of open-minded on that front.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. It's a -- I would say anecdotally the pipeline field is strong as it's ever been. So I don't think that there's -- it feels like it's ending anytime soon. I guess -- let me just give you some high level metrics, this might help. The custody base of business that the global custodians have faced off against is in the $110 trillion kind of range. And we're north of $8 trillion in middle office. It was 60% of the market that's outsourced. So that gives you some sense of dimensioning. I do think that the middle office tends to be more appropriate for the larger, more complicated asset managers, although not exclusively. We've seen it across the spectrum. So I think it's a trend that as you rightly point out that has accelerated through the recent global financial crisis. And I think it's going to run for a while.
Edward Resch: Yes. Let me take you through the reasons for the over-performance on the margin in the first quarter, certainly what -- against what we expected. And the flip side of a lot of these will be risks to the margin for the rest of the year. But the 166 in the quarter was driven by a couple of things. One, we invested well ahead of what we had planned. We invested $15 billion out of the $26 billion that we had to invest coming in to the year. We saw good opportunities, both in the U.S. and Europe, to put some trades on, and we did that, so that contributed. We saw a stronger than anticipated client deposit flows and obviously, if those continue for the rest of the year, that underpins our assertion that we'll be in the upper half of the range for the year. And we also saw, related to that, obviously, earning assets being higher than what we thought coming in. And the last factor is that we saw a steepening at the short end of the euro curve. And that's pretty important to the performance for this quarter and the rest of the year given that most of the European assets are floaters. So we got some pickup there.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, I think it's, again, the -- if stronger client deposit flows which we're assuming will continue, do not assume that -- do not continue, that will be a drag on the margin. If for some reason, the ECB doesn't increase 75 basis points, as we have assumed, that will be a drag on the margin. If for some other reason, supply is less than we anticipated in terms of getting the remaining $11 billion invested, that could also pull it down. But our assumption now is that, those things will play out and that's the basis for the upper half guidance on the margin.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, we fought coming into the year, 155 to 165 was a good peg for the margin based on what we did in terms of the portfolio repositioning and the effect of that coming in. We assume the pace of reinvestment that we've exceeded because opportunities have presented themselves. And we assume that the ECB would stay flat all year and they've -- that's not been the case for the first 25 certainly. And based on recent comments, we think it's going up. So our view has changed. But we're still cautious relative to the rest of the year.
Edward Resch: Well, Mike, I think that, that still is an answer that's to be determined based on what the regulators do relative to capital. Too early to tell. And as we've said previously, once we get certainty in terms of what the new rules are for capital, we'll update our ROE guidance.
Edward Resch: I mean, that depends a lot on the environment, right? If you look in it, it depends how far you back in the past too, I guess. But I don't think I really want to go down the path of ROA prospectively versus ROA historically until we get the total picture laid out for us.
Edward Resch: So, I mean, the main driver was both the lack of insurance recovery, as you noted, Brian. But we did have a very good quarter from a processing standpoint so there's a little bit of contribution there. And as far as that line going forward, you know, it can move around and it's a line that we focus on a lot. And I don't want to go too far out and start making predictions about that line on a quarterly basis for the rest of the year. But it is a line that has performed pretty well, and we put a lot of emphasis on it.
Edward Resch: Yes. Yes, again, assuming consistent performance, I mean, I think that the way to think about the comp line relative to revenue over the entirety of the year is in that 40% range that we talked about.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, we look at the balance sheet as being a customer-driven balance sheet. So we get the customer deposits mainly out of our Asset Servicing business and have to invest in the portfolios, the vehicle by which we do that. We had a very busy quarter on the investment portfolio front. I'd say, a very productive quarter. We got ahead of what we thought of our plan called for in the quarter coming into the year because of opportunities presenting themselves. We had a big challenge given that we did the portfolio repositioning in the fourth quarter. That, as you may recall, was an incremental $11 billion that we needed to redeploy. We've invested about $15 billion of the total that we had facing us this year. That's $26 billion in total, $11 billion on the redeployment and $15 billion of regular portfolio runoff. And we've been following the same strategy we've historically followed, which is AAA, AA asset-backed, mortgage-backed in U.S. Treasuries. So portfolio has been performing pretty well. As you know, in the quarter, the OTTI levels were fairly, fairly small. And we are obviously dependent on what market opportunities presents as to what we invest in going forward. But our plan is to follow the same strategy.
Edward Resch: I mean, it wouldn't change our outlook, our approach. I mean, we have about at the end of March, about $6.4 billion in U.S. Treasuries across the maturity spectrum. Obviously, we hope that, that doesn't happen. But it would not change our view in terms of how we invest. And relative to the risk weighting, there's no effect, modest, but very small effect.
Edward Resch: Well, there's nothing that's come in that has disappointed us in the first quarter relative to our going-in view of the NIMs for the year.
Edward Resch: Yes. I mean, I would think it would ramp during the year. If you remember, Howard, we thought that there would be a slight degradation in terms of the ramp for the NIM over the year based on our going in assumptions for the year from the 168 in the fourth quarter slightly down on a sequential quarter basis throughout the year settling within our 155 to 165 range if it plays out the way that we are now assuming and the ECB goes up to 175, ratably over the year. Two more 25 basis point hikes, I would expect to not see that ramp down that we saw. But an improvement to settle in for the average for the year between 155 -- I'm sorry, the upper half of the range, 160 to 165.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, we're still conservative in our thinking about Europe. We still have some money at the ECB at the end of the quarter. We're going to proceed with our plan. Our longer-term objective is to build out the non-dollar portfolio, we've been doing that for several years. And we'll continue to do that. But only investing in AAA and AA asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. So it's continuing what we've been doing.
