Eric Aboaf: Yeah. Glenn, I’ll just add that historically we've seen pricing headwinds for decades in this business, just part of the underlying assumptions or some pricing headwinds offset by flows and activity and market appreciation, as well the structure the contracts are set up and those have historically been in the 1.5% to 2% range. Literally, over the last half decade, we've gone back a decade and we've got that history. We've seen closer to 4% headwinds this year.  And if we think about the coming year, we expect about the same. That said, we've been renegotiating our contracts, right, and extending term. We've been putting in place some clarity around expectations on volumes and market levels and so forth. And while we're a bit more than halfway through those contract negotiations, the negotiations happen, then the fee changes occur and then we actually have to live through that. So we're just a bit below the majority of what we are going to need to live through and that's just part of what we have to navigate.  I will say that the fee headwinds tend to hit a little more in the earlier part of the year than the latter part, just because of the kind of calendarization. And so that's incorporated in our forecast. The net is that, at the end of the day, this is part of our industry. We feel like this is a wave, it's a larger wave than we've seen in the past and -- than usual – and we think there will be some reversion to the mean. But that said, it strengthens our resolve that we've got to work on expenses. We've got to take expenses out, we've got improved productivity and we've got to adjust our cost structure to be in line with what the revenues are that we can earn.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. Let me start on the expense side, because that's, I've been putting a lot of my time personally with Ron and the management team on that and I think you saw in my prepared remarks, I gave you a sense of what we expect to do in terms of expenses for the year on an underlying basis, down 1% and because we've been intervening month by month and quarter by quarter, we expect total expense to be down on an underlying basis by about 2 percentage points from 4Q to 1Q. But we're trying to just adjust and that just comes in stepwise the increments.  I think at the same time, there are some ramping of some of the ongoing investments that we need to do and so that's what -- that's what will get the lines to meet at about that 1% down for the year. But, we're trying to peel off expenses, we've got a relatively fixed cost base, so we've got to take it down in steps and at the same time, we got to do it carefully, so that we continue to serve our clients well and deliver the services in the highest quality manner.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. Let me describe CRD in a little more detail and I think we provided the fourth quarter P&L here on page 10 of the materials. Think about it this way, revenues have a seasonality in CRD, because of the kind of natural calendarization that happens in sales, in a software oriented business and I think you'll see that in most of the software business that you or some of your colleagues may cover. We disclosed that we -- that the fourth quarter is typically 30% to 35% of full year revenues, that's a rough amount. It will vary a bit, but that's probably at least something to start with and so part of the guidance I gave on total fees for 4Q to 1Q includes the natural downtick that you’d see after that fourth quarter seasonal position. And I think you can kind of build models off of that. In terms of expenses, these are first quarterly expenses, what we are doing in CRD is all the things you'd expect and we've described, right, we're tackling those 80 or 90 engagement -- client engagements. We've begun to build out the sales force further that was part of our intention. We've added and we're adding product engineers for installation, because that tends to be the bottleneck, not just sales, but actually the ability to install and to install in a timely manner. So the expenses for CRD will ramp during the year as we integrate. That's all part of the accretion dilution analysis that -- and commitments we made. And so I think you've got to assume some ramp that would be representative of what you might do, were you to run a software company, where you are trying to effectively double the revenue growth rate, because that is the underlying goal. Remember, the original -- the growth rate in this business historically over the last four or five years has been about 7% top line. The kind of on Charles River synergies should take that through a series of different actions to double that and so we need to invest in the earlier quarters and years to deliver on that.
Eric Aboaf: Ken, it's more the latter to be honest, right. I've been real clear about the change in the market environment just over the last month and a half, right, whether it's equity market levels, whether it's even lower flows, I think, December long term outflows between US and Europe were, just in December were $100 billion negative. Through November of the year, they weren't even $200 billion negative. So this -- and then we have all the geopolitical and macroeconomic and trade questions. And so that makes us feel that we should be conservative and careful in how we run the company. And as a result, I think what we've done here as part of our prepared remarks is be real clear about what we can do and should be doing on expenses. We are -- we think there's a ranges, I think there's a range of scenarios on revenues and what I'd rather do is just give you good visibility into the coming quarter or quarters on revenue as I get that and then a real commitment on the expenses and just be in touch as developments change.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. Let me take that. We made some very clear commitments for the medium term across a series of different financial elements from capital return to reigniting revenue growth, EPS and so forth. I thinks in the last month and a half, as I said in my prepared remarks, the environment has really changed for this year 2019 and whether it's the equity markets off 10%, whether it's long term flows racking, one of the worst months of the last few years, whether it's a geopolitical and economic environment, getting -- taking another step down or sideways, we now think there is a wider range of revenue scenarios than I think we consciously had in mind in early December, as we put up those medium term targets a bit.  So I think from my perspective is we are going to hold to the medium term targets, I think the 2019 year itself is going to be a more challenging one. And at this point, what I’d not like to do is be too optimistic. I think a year ago, in this call, we were a bit too optimistic, as the environment changed and didn't react quickly enough and I think our perspective is, we've got to take a more conservative perspective here and update you as it comes, but I think 2019 will be more challenging than we had expected just a couple of months ago.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Brennan. Deposit costs and betas will continue to float upwards. I think we've been, 2 years ago, early on, we were in the 20% range for beta as we moved into the 30% to 35% range for a while. This year, we’re right smack in the middle of the 50%, 55% range and we certainly expect that during the year that will continue to tick up and we've seen that in other firms and so that's inherent in our forecast. We think it will jump up to very, very high levels, not, we don't have any indication that that would be the case and so we just expect to continue grind up our betas and continued modest transition from non-interest bearing into interest bearing.  I think one of the things that gives us confidence in the NII outlook of low single digits to mid-single digits is that, just by virtue of the 4Q step off, right, we build off of that during the course of the year, as we've expanded our coverage program, one of the earliest efforts that Ron and I started, I'd say it was probably about a year ago was actually client engagement on deposits, right, the full suite of what they need to do with their cash and that in our minds has actually really solidified the deposit gathering with our clients and gives us some capability to put the right amount of volume of deposits on our balance sheet.  And so what we would like to do this year and obviously subject to ebbs and flows in the market is to not only hold deposits steady, but see if we can drive them up somewhat because that would be part of how we deploy the balance sheet in a positive way. And if we can do that plus get some of that high quality lending that the 40x leverage fund needs or the private equity capital call lending that they need, that would also be a positive. So, there are a couple of different dimensions there that we're working on to drive some growth in this coming year.
Eric Aboaf: Alex, it’s Eric. I’d just also say that this is obviously a phenomenon that started in the US, the US asset managers were under more pressure sooner and earlier, right, because of the flows of active to passive. We've had now similar discussions in Europe. There we think it's not to be quite as difficult, partly because the kind of the ETF mutual fund differential isn't as sizable, but we'll see. So it's affecting primarily the asset managers as a segment that’s seeing where those are most intense and a little less so some of the other pension or in insurance type companies. That said, we have had run ups in the marketplace and oftentimes, these fee negotiations become more intense after run ups in the marketplace.  Why? Because if you just think about yourself being an asset manager, right, you're paying us fees that are scaled to market levels, markets appreciate, you look at your bill, your bill is going up and your natural inclination will be, well, let me go and talk to my bill provider about how can I get some of that back. And so we have seen, as we've gone back for half a decade, a decade or more, some connection between run up in markets followed by more severe adjustments in pricing. And so I think if we get some normalization to kind of more steady growth in markets, we think we'll get some reversion of the mean, whether this 4% level goes back to the 1.5% to 2%, we'll see, whether it goes back to somewhere between them, we'll see and obviously as we see more, we'll share more with you.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. At this point, the revenues in securities lending are, let’s see, about 120 for the quarter. It's roughly 60-40, 55-45, classic agency lending versus enhanced custody. So it's kind of in that – and in that range. I think there are two things going on right now in this area and it's really around the agency area. I think we've seen some stability, reasonable stability in enhanced custody. But on the classic agency lending, we've seen some real market, with markets levels falling, you have just assets on -- loans are lower. We've seen de-leveraging by some of the hedge funds who need to borrow.  So there's less demand out there and as a result, spreads have come down as well. And I think the question is, what happens, one question is what happens to market levels and demand in first quarter. And if you remember, we ended December, I think, at close to 10% below S&P levels for October-November. We've had a little bit of a bounce back, but if that persists, we're still likely to have a lower average, highly likely to have a lower average first quarter than fourth quarter and so that's going to create some dampening measures on demand and you still have some hedge funds continue to de-leverage. So there's clearly a market demand element here that makes us feel careful about the 4Q to 1Q and is embedded in my sequential fee guidance.  I think the other part is the counterparty work that we've had to do with CCAR does have more of an effect on sec lending and while I think we've been through most of it, I don't think we've been through all of it in the agency space, which is kind of just a little more than half of sec lending. In FX, I think we've done a terrific job in diversifying counter parties, innovating, doing compression trades, right, the tools are quite vast and the number of counter parties out there are quite significant and the team has really turned on a dime to kind of adjust their processes.  In agency lending, it's much more concentrated business. There is fewer kind of transaction types available to us and so it's something we're working through and need a little bit of time on. That said, I would tell you agency lending and securities lending and enhanced custody continue to be an area of innovation for us. The question is, how can you structure trades in various approaches to actually refine and actually connect counter parties as opposed to always be the intermediary and still earn a fee and effectively add innovation in what's been a historically unchanged marketplace. So more to come on that and we'll certainly talk more over the coming quarters.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. Let me try to do this from a couple of different directions. I think page 16 of the deck is probably a helpful starting point, because we kind of define the underlying 2018 expenses as you know that’s ex CRD and so forth. And then where we expect those to end at the end of ’19. I think you do need to take -- put CRD in there. First quarter, scale it up and I think while we will be investing, I'd ask you to think through how quickly can you invest well in a business, right, there's little bit of a bounding limit there and if you're at a $40 million run rate in 4Q, it just -- think about, I think, there's a range, but I think you can quickly come to what's reasonable versus an unreasonable set of expense growth rate off of that level.  So I think you can work off of that. You do have to factor in the intangible amortization, which we've defined there and then the acquisition and restructuring costs will also flow through. I think this quarter is a good example of what a run rate should be on a quarterly basis, but we’ll obviously take those as they come, in line with the actions we’ve take and the appropriate accounting. So those are the pieces, happy to work with you and IR team to take a look at how you're modeling it out and take things from there.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it's Eric. Let me start on that one because the nature of our business has actually become, in terms of expenses, more fixed than variable and partly that is, as we automate, as we put more capital work and labor and we need to make that shift be even more dramatic to be honest and, I think, as Ron describes, we feel good about some of the investments we've made in some of the automation, but I don't think we've sufficiently adjusted the stack of labor that we have against it, but our business is actually becoming more fixed than variable over time.  And I think that means two things. I think that means from an expense program and programmatic standpoint, we need to find ways to take out step level, kind of step function expenses off of -- out of our expense base, so as we automate we need to take labor out, as we work with vendors, we need to find ways to adjust downwards, as we get larger and they get larger and we force the scale benefits to accrue to both parties. So that's part of what we just need to do because of the nature of how this business has evolved, relative to where it was as a highly manual, highly variable business, 10, 20, 30 years ago. I think the second perspective that we've developed as a senior team here is because it's more fixed than variable, we actually need to find ways that in good times, we create more margin expansion and more leverage because in truth, while we have an ability to take some step wise and step function reductions in the expenses, in difficult times, it's hard to adjust the level that we would like, given that revenues could move as much as they are moving up or down.  And so I think our historic belief that we should run with operating leverage of maybe a point in good times, I think that's not really something that makes sense as we step back and think about how this business has been operated, it may have made sense in the past, but that's something that we need to change. And so we first need to work through this particular market environment, but that gives you at least some context as to how we're thinking about this going forward as well.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it’s Eric. I think the answer to your question really is around the product stack that we offer. If you think about it, custody for example is the most commoditized of our products. Then there's accounting, then there's funded administration, the prospectus creation, then there is middle office, where I think we've actually gotten to be better about how we and smarter about how we price and operate that business. So as you move up the product stack, I think we see and actually more recently with some of the new SEC reporting requirements and so forth, we've seen more pricing power and I think in fact in terms of something like CRD or software, there's actually effectively inflation escalators in contracts because of the nature of that business and of that industry.  So part of this is kind of where you are in the stack, which actually I think encourages us to continue to pivot and make sure that when we're offering custody, we also do accounting. When we do accounting, we also do administration and so on and so forth. And so that's maybe a little bit of flavor as to where you have strength. I think the other places we have found that where we have clients that are moving in different directions, de-leveraging or what have you and as their books adjust downwards, we have gone back and said, look, we need to adjust pricing accordingly and in particular, in the hedge fund space, that's been an important part of the back and forth.  And then lastly I’d tell you the other place that we're working through as pricing is not only as we have price discussions we asked for more wallet and more share of wallet in a much more rigorous and disciplined manner and controlled manner, we've – Ron and I have put in place with some of our most senior folks, very rigorous processes there, but we've also had very active discussions about being paid for in different ways, being paid for with more deposits left with us than with some of the other players and that's been another area where I think we've found some ability to be paid appropriately for the service we provide.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Let me tackle it from a couple of different directions. I think if the Fed stops now, there are a couple ways that we will get some incremental growth in NII. First, just get the fourth quarter run rate over the earlier quarters will create a full year back to ‘19 relative to ’18, that's the first piece. The second piece, as you described is that the investment portfolio tractor continues to work upwards and that's worth, we continue to have investment coupons higher than those that are falling off, it’s a little more complicated for our book, because we operate not only in the US geography, but also the international geography, but there is more there. I think third, there is a continued mixing of the portfolio.  We've historically run with a very large kind of a barbell portfolio of credit and treasuries. I think you've seen in some of the changes that we made, the first quarter of ‘18 and then the fourth quarter of ’18, you've seen we've shifted into more of agency MBS portfolio that gives us some pickup relative to treasuries and then we've also shifted in the foreign sovereigns, it's -- you can see it directly, but out of some of the sovereign versus some of the supers and also and the other types of global government agencies. So we think there is some amount of grind up work.  And then I think, the final one, which in some ways is most connected to the business is how do we continue engaging with our clients on cash and how do we actually find ways to create better solutions for them on cash, right. And I think that's where, it's not only their cash position, but it’s their needs for repo, whether it's direct repo or FIC repo, it’s their money market sweeps and so forth. And so each one of those is a very engaged conversation, to the extent that we can drive some amount of volume growth, we feel like backing follow the bottom line and that will just, we can just report on as we see developments.
Eric Aboaf: No. I think you get a little bit of the tail end of December, flowing through the first quarter, but you get some relative stability in deposit pricing I think. I think on a direct basis, I think the question is how much competition is there out there in a flat rate environment, I think what happens is what happens to the competition for deposits in the banking system and while we don't directly compete, there is always some spillover effect and so if we get a situation where lending grows relatively quickly for a time period, back to the 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% range and banks need to fund that lending with deposits and there's more deposit competition, then you can see pricing, then you can see pricing go in the favor of clients and against the favor of the banks. I don't think we see that at this point, but we're always watching carefully.
Eric Aboaf: At this point, what we've done is, we've started off of the December 31st step off with that for the US and for the international markets as well. I'm a little cautious on a particular quarter, so just that's why I gave some guidance on total fees for 1Q. Because the way our pricing works is some of it's geared to the, literally, the month end. Some of it's geared to daily averages, sometimes it's a 2 point average and so there is a mix and so it was not helpful that you get that December 31st print.  And I think the other part that's going on here is flows and client activity matter, right. I think in my remarks, I describes that flows, because the natural course of business on flows and remember we get because of the size of our business in the US and in EMEA for asset managers, we get about a third of the inflows that you see in the industry, we get that in our books and records, right, in our custodial counts. But those kinds of flows and then the client activity or that transactional activity is material. That's historically been worth 2 percentage points of growth over the course of annually, right. And right now, we're not seeing much of that at all and so that's another reason why we are quite cautious on the first quarter and we've added a little bit of wording around that as well.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. I think we gave relatively consistent guidance, so the historical guidance that we’ve given in our -- is around 10% change in equity markets is worth about 3 percentage points. So on a base of $5 billion of servicing fees, right, that's about $150 million. I think what I said earlier today in my prepared remarks is that 5 percentage points, about 10 is worth about 25 a quarter, but you lose part of that first quarter, so you get a little more than 75, you get call it 85 to 90. So you're kind of within the range of that 10% and 3%, which would give you $150 million. The other part of that is you get a little bit of sensitivity on management fees that you also have to work through, so we can go through that with the offline, but just trying to give kind of some ranges there, so that you could do a little bit of estimation.
Eric Aboaf: Well, I think -- just to clarify, what's happened in -- on the cost structure is the cost structure has become more fixed and less variable. That's on the cost side. On the pricing side, I don't think we have really seen shifts at pricing and pricing structures at this point. I mean, at this point, we still have pricing, which has asset levels as the basis, we have some pricing that is around transactional fees and we have some pricing that's fixed, but there's still some real variability baked into our pricing and we don't see that pricing structure as having changed in new contracts that we're negotiating now relative to those that we've had it, it’s for the level pricing has been adjusted downward and what we're trying to do in several different ways is put controls around our internal processes on how those are negotiated, what we get for them, not only in terms of servicing fees and markets and the FX and security lending and deposits, but also who's engaged at what level of seniority in those discussions, because those are in some ways the most important discussions that we should be having at the most senior levels in our counterparties.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, I’m trying to think if we have a quantitative estimate in our disclosure on that. We do disclose the mix of some of the ACAs in our supplement, the mix of equities in for our asset management business and then obviously our sec lending is a heavy equity based underlying business. So I do think that we have higher equity exposure than kind of the servicing industry in aggregate. I don't know that I have an excellent estimate, because remember even when we custody for funds that are multiple asset funds, there is a wide range. If you do turn to page 9 in our financial supplement, you will see that there is one thought of our $31.6 trillion of assets under custody and we described 18 billion of those being equity based.  So I think that's a good indication on the custodial side and then on the asset management side, we also do the equity cut on page 10. So, it's significant, it's in the -- you can see it's in the 55, 60, 60-ish percentage range and so we are somewhat dependent on equity markets. I think that's why, in good times, we need -- we're going to be able to benefit from that, but we also need to make sure that we are heavily – that we are always careful on expenses and create that scalable cost base, so that we don't actually add too many costs in good time, so that we can navigate through. But it is certainly part of our business model.
Eric Aboaf: It's Eric. We're optimistic about this upcoming task where there's no certainty on it. So, but we're optimistic. I think we're optimistic for two reasons that we have under control and then there's one that we don't, right. The two that we do have are under our control are number one, the shape of the investment portfolio and if you remember, we made adjustments in the first quarter of last year, where we saw the results and how those played through in to CCAR, so we had a good understanding of the kind of the change this and then results in that and then we made some more adjustments to the fourth quarter of this year based on some of those learnings and the other six data points we've had over the last year. The second one is because of the way we've now better understood the counterparty stress test that the Fed runs, right, we've actively intervened in terms of how we actually structure and limit our counterparty exposures across our businesses, whether that's in FX, whether that’s in securities lending and so we've made very conscious choices, some of which have impacted revenue and you've seen that in particular in sec lending to actually adjust our exposure levels. Now, we're trying to transact with our best clients as much as we used to before, but in some cases, we've had to be more calibrated. So we have literally, if we -- if you go down to the trading floor and the risk management team, they’ve literally had new parameters that they've installed that we've been operating at since late summer and early fall.  So both of those give us some confidence that we can -- that we should be able to do better this year. The obvious unknown is the test itself, right, there's the macroeconomic shock, what's in that. There is global market trading bookshop, which has the counterparty piece to it. And then it's everything else in the test, including assumptions for balance sheet growth and so forth. And on those areas, we don't have any new information obviously won't until we see some of that in late this month or early next month and then we see the test come through in June.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. I think the way I would describe the capital stack is the capital stack is proportioned relative to how the current rules are written and implemented through CCAR, where the leverage ratios matter and so there's obviously an importance of having press in the stack. If that were to change, we'd obviously reconsider and so that would give us an opportunity to call or to adjust the alternative tier 1 component, which is the press. I do think though as we go into CCAR, our first priority is to return capital to our common equity holders, right. We're quite conscious of the -- of some of our dealer activity in our issuances this past year and we feel like the first priority is to get capital back to our common equity holders, as we go through the CCAR process this year.
Eric Aboaf: We have said that we'd like to and we're optimistic that we can do better than 80%, so that's exactly the intention and intention and hope that we have and I'll just be clear that there is some of both that's necessary for that, but that is what we'd like to be able to deliver this year and we believe we've made some of the adjustments necessary at our end of the -- that are under our own control to effectuate that. So we're -- we'd like to be able to deliver on that, that would be our intention, given what we've -- how we're proceeding.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, it's Eric. That's right. I mean, that's where we're trying to start with where we are today and we're trying to adjust for the markets, the flows, the limited amount of client transaction activity and then you have the lumpiness from trading, from 4Q to 1Q, right. So, we always want to be careful and appropriately conservative there. And then there's just the 606 effects of Charles River. So we’ve tried to factor all that in to our estimates. And then we've said that, that's a good run rate for several quarters, we'd like that to be just a quarter or two, not very long, but we're trying to be careful here and to be honest, we're trying to be careful about revenues, because we think if we're doing that, then we're going to be even more effective and adroit in interventions on expenses and we think that's what we should demand of ourselves and what you would all expect of us. I think the scenarios on revenue though are very wide to be honest, because there is a range of different market assumptions, flow assumptions and underlying transaction activity. We just have some -- we just have a little more visibility into the first quarter, including the usual adjustments on market flows, macroeconomics and a little bit of pricing, which tends to be a little deeper in the first quarter than the out quarters, just the way the calendar works and so we're just trying to factor that in, but off of that base, I think there's a range of scenarios and we'd obviously like to see more positive ones and if we see those, we've got to set a conference schedule set up in February and March and in May, we'll certainly update for changes.
Eric Aboaf: Vivek, I think we disclosed back in July an operating margin for that business at around 50% on the old ASC basis. I think the way the current year adjusts a bit, you might get for going from 605 to 606, just given the pattern of how -- what they've, how they've done the accounting historically versus now, you get a small uptick in margin from there. I think then the modeling becomes -- has probably two facets going in. One is the investments that we're making in the business and then the revenue ramp up, relative to those investments and that will tend to trend the margin rate down a bit, as we, in the early year, to building the business.
Eric Aboaf: Yeah. In the fourth quarter, it was about $6 million roughly and a little bit comes from some of the dislocation being swap markets, we've taken our swap positions down over the year as you know, but there's always some dislocations towards the, obviously over the holiday season in particular towards the end of the quarter. So we saw a little bit of that. And it was a positive dislocation, because of how the currencies between euro and some of the -- and yen actually played through, so that was a positive. And then on long term debt, you get a little bit of this mark to market adjustment in the underlying accounting as you got rates and credit spreads move a little bit, so about 6 bucks and it will just, which won't reappear in the first quarter.
Eric Aboaf: No. I think what we're trying to do is literally simplify the disclosure and if we did something that took helpful materials away, we can certainly revisit, but we had a line that was historically called total trading services, which is both our direct foreign exchange trading plus our, what I'll call, electronic foreign exchange venues. Those were in what was called brokerage and then some of the other kind of fun connect, like our money market, electronic venue, a little bit of transition management and a few other smaller items like portfolio solutions. So we've just, I think, relabeled that total FX trading services, just to give it the kind of the description that's appropriate. I think within that, I'm just scanning through, about 80% percent of those revenues are foreign exchange related, the rest tend to be a little bit of the money market or portfolio solutions type activity.
Ron O'Hanley: Ken, what I would add to that is that we believe we need to manage the company with this somewhat muted outlook. There's so much uncertainty out there in terms of the macro environment, what it means for markets and what it means for investor flows. Having said that, we continue to be very encouraged by the client activity that we see, some of it Charles River driven, some of it driven simply by our increase in service quality and the drive for clients to think about more consolidation, but we really do understand that those macro effects can actually overwhelm anything that we might do and then I am actually confident we will do on the revenue side, so it makes sense for us to manage the company on the expense basis with that muted outlook.
Ron O'Hanley: Alex, this is Ron. I think that where I begin on that is that the -- much of the pricing discussions have occurred and started in earnest with the combination of the ongoing pressure on the big active managers or managers in general, but certainly the big active managers, while at the same time, markets were running up and clients were seeing that State Street and [indiscernible] gathering more revenues for doing really the same things. So it led to what we would view as an accelerated amount and a heightened amount of fee discussions. As Eric outlined though, as we've gone into this period, one, we've moved and pretty much insisted upon term for our pricing.  So in other words, to make it a little less variable than it's been in the past and second, in most cases, we’ve actually gathered more business as part of the pricing discussion. So the reason why we feel confident that it will abate, it's never going to go away, but that it will abate is, one, as Eric noted I think, we're through about, just over 50% of our clients in terms of discussions on this. A little bit more than that and for the ones that we've done it, we've extended term and gotten more business. So that's why we would feel that this is a bit of a cyclical low here, but feel confident that it should improve.
Ron O'Hanley: I’m chuckling Betsy because that's the question we – our capital team would like to ask the Fed, right, that's the -- how do the models work. I'd tell you this that on the investment portfolio we and I think the other large banks have done quite a bit of work on the mark to market effect and how the mark to market on the OCI positions could be modeled and we've now got 5, 6, I think we've got 6 or more data points, their data points with changing portfolios.  So, how much is it worth, I think we've got a range of estimates. I think the reason we felt comfortable saying that we're optimistic about our capital position is if you think about it, if we have earnings of what it's been the 2.5 billion, 3 billion a year, we know how much we like to return and we know what every 10 percentage points of those earnings are in terms of capital return and so if 10 percentage points of capital return at $300 million, right, we have some sense for how much you’d have to adjust the mark to market impact to create another 10 percentage points or 20 percentage points of return and that's kind of the math we've done. So I don't really want to be in a position to predict AOCI impacts on our portfolio. We could all do rough estimates, but that's how we've thought about it and that's maybe the kind of the quantitative context I'd share with you.
Ron O'Hanley: Yeah. I think we've done the modeling of that. I think there's been a fair amount of outside in modeling and right now, I think tier 1 leverage is our finding constraint and under the stress test. The difference between a tier 1 leverage binding constraint versus an RWA binding constraint, while it's not perfectly discernable, rough estimates, $1 billion range, maybe a 1.5 billion, but it kind of depends on exactly how the test is run, what the timing is of the various market factors and so forth, but that has some real material benefit and I think we are optimistic that with [indiscernible] having passed and the Fed working on the implementation of that and some of the Vice Chairman’s comments that there is some real movement is just a matter of time and hopefully months, not quarter is when we hear more, but it’s an important positive for us.
Ron O'Hanley: So what we've done is going after the expenses that one we just should go after and second, what we believe we need to go after, given what you're hearing from us is a cautious outlook going forward. If your question is, is there more to go after, of course there is and we've got -- we've noted a comprehensive program in place that we actually expect to be able to drive more. We also have the work that's been done in the past that I can't emphasize enough in terms of Beacon, the work that's underway in terms of consolidating our delivery and all of our operations and those efforts will continue to pay off in 2019 and beyond. And then finally, to the extent to which we saw an environment that was even worse than the cautious one that you're hearing from us, we'd obviously start to look at things like the pattern of investment. I mean, that's the last thing we'll go after because we do believe that it's important. What we have what we think is a sensible investment program, adjusted to the opportunities and market realities, but if we had to, we’d look at that again too.
Ron O'Hanley: So, let me start with the question on optimism. We're very optimistic about achieving, if not exceeding those revenue synergy goals. The nature of the conversations, let me give you some sense of those. Some of them are simply that the CRD clients, they like the new owner, the new owner is in private equity, so they see stability and there's just more CRD activity happening, more movement from shrink-wrap to cloud, all of which is good from a revenue and profitability perspective from CRD.  There's also a series of client -- a series of client conversations where it may be a State Street client with no CRD presence or a CRD client that sees the value of having more of their activities with State Street and CRD together and the attraction of those of course is a simplification of the internal operations and operating stack and technology stack. And then there's a set of conversations that we, in all honesty, hadn't expected to be having, which is clients, where we either don't serve them now or we serve them in a minimal way or even in a couple of cases where there was a competitive bidding situation and we lost typically for price that are all being looked at again. So it's pervasive, it's comprehensive and it's driven by all these -- all these things we talk about in the marketplace, which are real negatives to short term revenues, but we think are real positives to seeing more business consolidate with us and us having, in the end, a much higher share of the wallet.
Ron O'Hanley: It's a little bit too early to tell on whether the pattern is going to change, Brian, because these are pretty comprehensive discussions. You try and move them along as fast as you can, but they take time, because you're really talking about a once in a generation change in these firms in terms of how they're going to run their business. So right now, we're sticking to the timeframe, but I would emphasize that we're highly confident in achieving the amount.
Ron O'Hanley: Mike I want to add to Eric's last point there because I think part of the challenge that we're facing now is that in the past, the costs have been too variable, as the business has grown and it's not that there were people have been through it, we had these distributed operations and we just weren't achieving scale benefits as rapidly as we should have, as we could have been. With the work that's been done over the last year, not just Beacon, but this consolidation of our operations into this global delivery group and the creation and running of these hubs, that is the goal is to achieve much better scale benefits and as a consequence, we should be able to deliver what Eric's talking about in terms of in good times, actually more operating leverage than we have in the past.
Ron O'Hanley: Mike, I'm not going to spend too much time on what happened in the past, but what happened over that decade in terms of regulatory costs and things like that that may or may not have been in the forecasts or presented, but let me talk about going forward and the assurances here. One, there's been a lot of work done and I keep coming back to Beacon, I keep coming back to what we're doing in terms of consolidated operations that we have not realized the full promise from. We need to accelerate that, but this is not something that we're just thinking about, this is actually work that's underway, has been completed and we need to make sure that we realize the benefits from that.  Two, as we were talking about earlier, the business, as revenues have come on in this firm, costs have gone up almost at the same rate. We have not gotten sufficient scale advantages, because of the work that's been done and frankly because of the way we're going to manage the business going forward, we will capture more scale benefits. Three, the board is very involved in this. We've worked with them on our new performance management and accountability system and there's a very, very close tie, more so than ever between pay and performance. And so we've got incentives aligned across the firm, so I am confident that we will deliver on what we've said here and we need to do that because we understand that firstly, just to be in a position, to be able to service the business that we see coming down the road, we have to achieve all this. Secondly, we recognize that while there are certain things we can control, there's a lot of things we can’t such as markets, such as client flows and things like that, so therefore that's why we need to redouble the efforts around there. So in those periods, like a 2018, that we don't see that same kind of fall off.
Ron O'Hanley: I point to two things. One is that I don't think that anybody at the beginning of the last decade anticipated the significance of regulatory cost increase and just what that would be. Second, we have been slow to achieve scale. We have not achieved as much scale at the pace that we should have and that's where we've got laser focused right now.
Ron O'Hanley: Gerard, I think it's what we said earlier, the amount I heard these clients are on is quite high. So typical asset manager, whether you're large, medium or small. So there's just inordinate pressure coming from the client base with the number one. Number two, this assumption, particularly when you're pricing an asset management client, that there'll be both market and fees that will over time actually make what looks like an entry level price, that takes an entry level price and may look like it's too thin, kind of make it fall over time as flows and market help out.  When that assumption goes away, it just lays bare that the price that you had as an initial price on a sustained basis in fact isn't sustainable. So at least for us, can't speak for the obviously rest of the industry, it has caused us to be much more careful about how we think about this. That in addition to getting more term, so that pricing can change overnight, looking at what other products and as Eric talked about earlier, the product stack as you move up from custody becomes -- it tends to be less, it's not price insensitive, but less and less price sensitive or less and less commodity like, if you will. And looking hard at deposits and then as importantly, making sure that we try and get another part of the wallet or some consolidation out of it and in most cases, we're getting some or all of those kinds of things.
