Ronald P. O’Hanley: Thanks, Eric. As we enter 2023, we see an uncertain environment. On the positive side, many supply chains have been repaired, the outlook for energy supply is better than anticipated, particularly in Europe, and developed world inflation may have peaked. We proceed continued rising interest rates in the short term, but at a slower pace. The most significant known risks are geopolitical, including the Russia Ukraine War, China from an economic performance and policy perspective, and the United States as it approaches its debt ceiling. Turning to Slide 17, even with another year of economic and geopolitical uncertainty ahead of us, we continue to be very clear in our strategic priorities for 2023 focusing on what we can control. We plan to deliver further growth, drive innovation, and continue to enhance shareholder value as we further progress State Street towards its medium term targets. First, we are targeting further improvements in our business growth and profitability by leveraging State Street’s alpha value proposition and enhancing its private markets capabilities. As we aim to become the leading investment service or platform and enterprise outsource solutions provider in the industry, we intend to maintain and extend our leadership positions in a number of key businesses. In global markets, we aim to expand wallet share as a leading provider of liquidity, financing, and research solutions to investment professionals. At Global Advisors, we aim to build on our strengths in areas such as ETFs and cash, while organically accelerating growth efforts in fast growing segments where we can win.  Second, as we have over the past several years, we must continue to transform the way we work by driving increased productivity and efficiency throughout our organization as we build out a simplified, scalable, configurable end-to-end operating model. As we lead with client service excellence, productivity will become a core differentiator of our value proposition. Third, we must continue to build a higher performing organization. We are strengthening execution skills and increasing accountability, thereby fostering an even more results oriented culture required for future growth. Our fourth priority is supported by and the intended outcome of the first three priorities and is aimed at achieving our financial goals, meaning another year of positive operating leverage, margin expansion, and higher returns.  To conclude, supported by our distinctive value proposition and diversified offerings, as well as our ability to manage State Street through challenging environments, I believe that we will be able to execute on each of these strategic priorities in 2023 as we advance towards achieving our financial goals, all while being an essential partner to the world's investors and the people they serve. And with that operator, we can now open the call for questions.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Betsy, it's Ron. Maybe I'll take that. I mean, we've obviously got a pattern of investments that we're intending to execute. We've also got an ongoing program in place that we've really had running now since 2019. So we certainly -- if the environment were to change materially, we would think about those investments. We would also think about being more aggressive. I mean, we have more or less in the background, continued to take a lot of gross expense out of the system every year. We see an ongoing ability to do that, but we also want to keep investing in the business. So there is a balance there. But to the extent to which things started to go south in an unanticipated way, I mean we do have levers.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Ken, I mean, as we've always said, we've got a very clear strategy and M&A is not a strategy. M&A is a way to help execute a strategy, to move it faster, to enable it to get further than was anticipated. But it's not a strategy by itself. We are very comfortable with our organic strategy. BBH was a scale enhancing acquisition that we would have liked to have done, but it doesn't materially change. In fact, it doesn't change at all our strategy. So at this point, where we sit, we have a strategy that we like. We have a strategy that we're executing against. There are some big milestones that we're confident we're going to be delivering on in 2023. And therefore, we are committed to that share buyback.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Yes. Brian, it's Ron. The mutual fund to ETF shift, the -- I mean there's been some high-profile conversions of mutual funds to ETFs. But that's -- there's not a lot of that going on. More typically, what you're seeing is ETFs being added to lines. And yes, the economics are different, the revenues fees are lower, but also particularly when you're at scale like us, the expenses are much lower. So it's not meaningful in this overall revenue kind of guide that we're giving you.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Yes. Let me start on that, [indiscernible] there's a lot in there. A comment on -- I'm not going to comment on past restructurings, I'll comment on this one, right. We've made some changes to the way we organize ourselves. We talked about that back in the middle of the year. And there's some benefits we can take out of that in terms of simplifying the management structure, having a smaller number of senior managers, we're going to take advantage of that. It's consistent with simplifying our business. It creates accountability and we stand by the need have done that restructuring. In terms of where do we take this business going forward, it's -- it has a lot of benefits to it. It's very tied to investment markets over time. Investment markets grow, they don't shrink. So the actual, if you will, unit pricing while the unit pricing may go down, overall pricing actually -- overall revenue is actually more times than not have the tailwind. We like that business. It's also one that is changing fundamentally from being a kind of a back office, show me the lowest price kind of thing to much more of an enterprise outsourcing business. We are very new in that. We're very early in that transition. And we think by far, we are the best positioned to take advantage of that in terms of the technical capabilities that we have, the people capabilities that we have, the position we have in the marketplace. We've made initial in roads and wins in that, but there's development that we talked about that will be delivered in 2023 and beyond, but a lot of it in 2023 that will only help strengthen our position. So we see the end game here in terms of the core investment servicing business as being one which is much more akin to an outsourcing services business, much less susceptible to kind of these instantaneous, I'm going to put it to RFP. And it's just a stickier business. And we are very respectful and wary of our competitors because having an edge and a lead can be easily caught up on. But we -- right now, we believe we have that edge and lead, we're going to capitalize on it. In the investment management business, again, similar kinds of changes there. We're seeing an increased desire for the kinds of things that we do, systematic and otherwise. Asset allocation, which we are very, very good at is now an area that everybody is talking about after literally decades of reliance on the 60-40 model, and guess what, it didn't work or it doesn't work at all time. It will lead to a lot of thinking and demand for that. So we like our businesses. We like where we are strategically. In terms of what's going to happen, will there be other Brown Brothers out there. What I do think that you will see over time is an increasing number of competitors where this may not be their core business saying enough is enough. The capital requirements are -- in terms of the investment capital requirements are much too high, mostly above the technology. If it really does continue into an outsourcing kind of environment like we believe it will, it's going to put more demand to invest in the business. And if this is business 42 of your 80 business structure, you might decide you don't want to be in this business. So that's how we see it going forward.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Yes, Rob, I mean in terms of fully installed Alpha clients, the retention rate is 100%. And you wouldn't expect it to be much less than that simply because it's still relatively new. I think that there's a real commitment that's made on both sides of the house when you enter into these things. First of all, to actually rewire the firm around -- for the client to rewire around front to back. There's a lot of effort on their part. And while there's a lot of commonality across these clients, there's a lot on our part that we need to do to install it. So contracts are longer. But the reality is that the switching costs have also gone up dramatically in these front-to-back things. So we would expect more. But we also recognize that we've got to earn that. I mean we've got -- right now, there's a -- when that happens, there's a huge dependency on the part of the client and us delivering every day. And so we take that responsibility quite seriously.
Ronald P. O’Hanley: Yes Vivek, it's Ron. Let me just add to that because we've done a lot of innovation in this area of new product development, and we do expect that to continue to grow as Eric said, because what -- everybody is interested in simplifying their operations, simplifying and getting control of their tech depth and innovating on the technology side. But in addition, there's a data management, data control in some parts of the world with some investors, it's also location of data. Where does the data actually both move and rest. So this is sitting increasingly -- this is a growth area. It goes beyond asset managers, large asset owners in particular very interested in this. So we see it as a way to extend what we're doing broadly in the Alpha arena.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, it's Eric. We've navigated through interest rate cycles before, right, and so we have a fair amount of internal data. And we also have, I think, an engagement with our clients that really understands the multiple avenues for them of putting their cash. Clients broadly with us have $1 trillion of cash, some of that's in deposits, some of that's in our sponsor repo program. Some of that's in our global advisers, money market complex, some of it's in our suite products in our State Street Global Link franchise. And so what we're seeing is that clients are shifting gently their deposits between different categories. But they also need an outlet for that cash. They need an outlook for that cash at a reasonable price, at a reasonable ability to move it and use it as necessary. So with that as a context, I think we continue to see some expected rotation out of noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing, that's been happening, I think, at a reasonable pace and kind of in line more or less with what we've seen before, and we expect that to continue for the next few quarters. At the same time, clients do have cash, especially given the risk-off environment but in general, they all sit on cash as part of their investment planning. And we found that they're engaged with us to leave cash in our balance sheet. They like the flexibility. They like some of the pricing. And obviously, some cash comes in at noninterest-bearing, some at lower rates when it's very transactional, some at rates that are closer to market levels. And so it's an ongoing engagement with them and the visibility we have is reasonably good. It can always change. But deposits as a result, seem to be in the zone now after couple of quarters in the first half of the year of coming down a bit, seem to be flattening out. I won't say that we won't see a little bit of seasonality occasionally in January until February, we see a downtick. And then March folks prepare for tax payments is up and then April is down. So we'll see some of that kind of movement. But on average, we expect deposits to be flattish from -- going forward into next year and through the bulk of the year.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. This is part of the, I think, innovation heritage that we have here at State Street across the franchise, but inclusive of the global markets area. We -- our sponsored repo program, which is now $100 billion in size, was started in I'm sorry, in 2005, I think, if I go back to the history books. And there's now a $100 billion franchise, right, as an example. And we do this in FX, we do this in sec lending. Venturi is a repo offering that instead of working through our balance sheet or one of the clearing corporations, which is how we do repo today actually directly connects lenders and borrowers of securities and cash. And so it's just another platform, so to speak, another venue that clients seem to want to engage with. A big part of it early on is working with the asset owners, those who are -- have long booked securities and cash. And what we find is sometimes when they may want to make margin calls for -- or have margin calls, they want to raise cash without selling securities, right. And so a natural question of well, where do I repo, do I repo through a bank structure, or do I repo with someone who's on the other side of that trade, right, who actually wants to lend against securities. And so we find that there are counterparties on the other side of that trade, who would be interested in doing that. And what a Venturi does is it actually connects borrowers and lenders with direct access to one another. So they have both the underlying collateral as the stabilizing force. And then they have the counterparty rating. And with different counterparties, you get slightly different pricing and sometimes that flow-through is actually positive and quite appealing both to the lenders and borrowers. So that's a little bit of it in a nutshell. We like to grow it to some amount during the course of the year, early returns are positive. But it's -- I'll put it in a bucket of innovation and how to connect folks in the capital markets, but connect folks who our core clients and provide additional services for them.
Eric Aboaf: That's all right. But we want to be transparent and sometimes language always matters, as you say. Our perspective is we've got a very nice step-off point from fourth quarter NII. We said we'd be roughly flattish into the first quarter. And then we expect it to trend downwards, so attenuate downward, let's say, 1% to 2% for the next few quarters. Just as you see you see a tailwind of interest rates creating a positive but you see that continued rotation out of net interest bearing deposits being a headwind. And the net of that is down NII we think 1% to 2% for a couple of quarters. And then towards the end of the year and into 2024, we see rough stabilization probably because we've kind of burned out on the noninterest-bearing rotation, and then we get to a more stabilized area. But all in, we expect full year NII to be up about 20% year-over-year, and we'll take it from there.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Roughly about half of that comes in, in 2023. The payback on most of these actions is about five quarters so roughly half comes in on a fiscal 2023 basis. And then we'll hit the run rate, I think, within quarters, whatever, sixish or something after these actions, most of these actions are in the next few let's call it the next quarter. The run rate then builds to $100 million. So good payback and the kind of actions we want to keep taking in this kind of environment.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, I think maybe just to answer that in the various components. I think you saw the BlackRock transition begin at the end of last year was $10 million in the quarter, sort of call it, a $40 million run rate. That continues to transition out in 2023 and in 2024, there's obviously just a natural schedule that you expect that we've worked closely with them on. And so it'll impact our servicing fees during 2023, during 2024, and into 2025, just when you think about the year-on-year comparison basis. I think if you want to model it out broadly, we've said in our last regulatory filing, we said it was worth about two percentage of fees as of the December 31 pointer we just crossed. It's now about 1.7% of fees. And I'll let you sort of build it from there. But it's included in our forecast. It will continue to be included in our forecast. We think about net new business, right, we've got to sell. We always have a bit of attrition, and we'll -- we want to continue to be net ahead. And as you've seen us in the last couple of years, we've been net positive with net organic growth broadly. And then with BlackRock, specifically, they continue to be a very important client of ours. We have continued and kept a good amount of business that we do with them. We're strong providers for them in alternatives, which is growing quickly. And we've also been awarded new business over the last year. And so that will just -- I think it will just be part of the outlook that I give you as we go forward.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Alex, if you -- I think I tend to spend a little more time on the full year to full year kind of servicing fees, it sounds like you're modeling the last four quarters and then the next four quarters, which obviously model as well, and we have in our budget. It's really a combination of factors, right. So there is -- on a -- if you start with fourth quarter of 2022 and then work forward, we expect some appreciation in equity markets. We'll see if that plays out, and we'll obviously stay in touch with you all. We think that will be a tailwind. We think client flows and activity, in particular, should not be a headwind like it was in 2022, maybe neutral, maybe a positive just as clients have adapted to this new environment. And so we see the new year -- this new year as a time when they're going to be trading, investing, building positions. So we'll see if that plays out, that will be part of it. Then we have net new business. And so we do have a good pipeline both in the traditional servicing and Alpha area. And I think as part of that, we continue to mine our existing client base because the share of wallet growth can be positive there. And then finally, there's always some amount of normal pricing headwinds, but that's factored in. But you kind of have to go through those four areas. And remember, we're assuming some growth in equity markets on a point-to-point basis but we'll see if that plays out.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Let me describe it as follows. The investment portfolio has an average duration of a bit over two and half years, so call it average maturity of five years. And so you go through the math, and that means about 20% of it rolls on, rolls off in a typical year. It will move around a bit. I think what we found, and that's invested across the curve, it's invested in various currencies, so there's a mix. So you tend to get as you have rolled-off, rolled-on somewhere between 1%, 1.5% to sometimes 2.5% tailwind for that particular quarter of the amounts that are rolling off and rolling on. And so that's what's actually been one of the factors that's in billing the yields and the yield improvement on the profile and both how it was designed and what we're pleased to see. So that will be a gentle tailwind assuming five-year rates stay more or less where they are and European rates continue to float up. And so we'll just have to -- that will be one of the tailwinds that we see.  In terms of more dramatic action, we obviously always think about what we might do. What we've noticed is that if you have high risk-weighted asset positions in your risk-weighted asset-intensive positions in your portfolio, then what happens, you could take the loss, you reinvest, and it helps accelerate a buyback, right. That's why I think a number of players are doing that. Doing the -- just the -- for vanilla instruments, treasuries, agencies, government-guaranteed securities, there's -- I think the benefits are a little closer to a push. We could take some losses through the P&L. They're already in the equity accounts through AOCI, you put on NII in the future. I think that's just moving around of the financials, and we just don't find that that's a particularly compelling trade to do. We'll always evaluate well. So we see if we have specific positions that might need some adjustment. But we don't see that as particularly compelling. It's not really compelling economically. And the financial benefits you guys can kind of model out either way. And so we -- I think we're pleased with the ability to continue to manage the portfolio in line with our current processes, and they've been numerous. The NII is up significantly this past year and up another 20% next year, and we've got a tailwind and it -- I think it bodes well for where we are and where we're going.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, let me do it in reverse order. The U.S. versus foreign currency betas in our experience, this cycle, prior cycles, do tend to run at different levels, partly because the U.S. has the structure of noninterest-bearing versus interest-bearing deposits. So the client deposit betas are in a subset of the total and partly because the international markets just operate a bit differently, how we're paid and how that -- those expectations have been set over, I'll call it, decades for the industry, operate differently. So I think for the -- as we look into the next few quarters, we think the U.S. client deposit betas ex any new money that we bring in on an initiative basis is going to be in that 65% to 70% and the international betas, we think will continue in the 20% to 50% range when you look at Euros, Pound Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Aussie Dollars and some of the other currencies. So we think they're kind of in the -- they're going to be in this zone and that gives us some ability to continue to take advantage of the interest rate increases.  If I then work through the other part of your question, what happens with rate cuts, that's in our expectations, that's in the forward curves, especially for the U.S., that there could be a December cut. There's some probability there could be a cut before that. I think it doesn't dramatically affect because they are late in the year. The rate cuts don't dramatically affect the NII forecast, so we'll kind of take it as it goes. I do think you're -- as you're intimating, there's a bit of this offset, which is if the Fed's cutting rates, and there's probably going to be even more cash that clients keep on hand and deposits in the system, there'll probably be some offsetting impact. And obviously, with the U.S. betas higher, conveniently rate cuts actually at some point help with the NII as well. So I think there's a fair amount of -- there's a range of scenarios, let's call it, in the second half of next year. And so my guess is, Brian, we're going to be having this conversation often with you. And we'll certainly keep you posted as we see some of those scenarios develop or there's more variability.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Brian, I think the pricing experience that we're seeing in the industry has been stable and consistent over the last few years, and we expect it to be consistent into next year and beyond. We just have the standard because our contracts are tied to equity markets, when they roll over every four, five, six years, typically, folks are thinking whether they expect equity markets to be. They know we're going to get paid, they're going to pay us more in the coming years, and they want to share some of that. And so there's a partial pricing offset. But it's in the 2% headwind per year on servicing fees and been relatively consistent.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. The answer is yes and yes, right? If you think about it, we forecasted just you guys just as you have earnings and coming through the P&L, AOCI in that range, $120 million to $200 million a quarter, it bounces around a little bit and it may with movements in rates. But the pull apart has been good to us and will be a nice tailwind. There's some normalization of RWAs, which I mentioned into the first quarter, then there is some RWA growth in our plans because we want to continue to lend more to clients and support more with their foreign exchange or hedging activity so we'll continue to do that. And then there's the buyback. And our plan is just to at pace, get back into our range and that authorization comfortably gets us there.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, let me do it this way. I think as we've -- we have been relatively consistent here and I think the guidance will hold a 10% average change in let's call it, an increase in equity markets, right, will typically lead to about a 3% increase in servicing fees, if you have both of those on average. So that's the kind of gearing we have. It's higher on management fees, 10% higher equity and markets tend to be closer to a 5% increase in management fees.  On the expense side, if I -- it moves around a bit, but I think it's a 10% average increase in equity markets. Probably close to let’s say around -- the range around a percentage point increase in expenses could be a little bit less, it kind of depends. But our subcustodian costs are -- have a gearing towards equity markets and fixed income markets, market data, in some cases, does as well.  So it could be half a point, could be a point, and that's part of the what we have in the expense walk and outlook that we have given and in some ways I think we are actually pleased to see that particular expense increase because that particular expense increase comes with a real revenue growth and that’s – and that delivers EBIT and earnings growth when you bring it all together. 
Eric Aboaf: Alright, well the -- crystal balling into 2024, I got to tell you, we've got a lot of variability playing out right now, whether it's economic, whether it's central banks. And I think I know there's a lot of talk about what's happening in NII, where do we go to, and then does it -- what happens after we get to a peak. So, I was just trying in 2024 to kind of level set that we see stability. There's a scenario where you see growth. There are scenarios where we may not. But it's hard, it's -- you're getting far out on our forecasting and predictions to be honest. So let's come back to that maybe in the middle of the year, that will be a good conversation.  In terms of noninterest bearing, you saw noninterest-bearing on average was about $44 billion this quarter. This quarter, meaning fourth quarter, it was down 5% sequentially. It's bounced around quarterly but we see -- I don't know, you could have off the $44 billion, you could have a $4 billion rotation out next quarter. You could see that again into the next quarter. Then it starts to -- or it could be $3 billion and then $2 billion and so on and so forth. So we're -- I think we're at this level where we've seen some amount of rotation. We think it's going to continue roughly at the pace that it's been going. So it could be anywhere between $2 billion, $3 billion and $4 billion a quarter, but you could have some changes to that. What we do think is that we'll continue to see some of it in the first half of the year, and then it just starts to slow down into the second half. And what we've done is to use that kind of base case into our modeling. And it's all factored into the 20% increase in NII that we expect for next year.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. All fair and it's a kind of discussion we have internally. We want to front-load the buyback. You saw us start particularly strong this past quarter. And we want some amount of front loading. On the other hand, it's actually quite stabilizing to the stock to have buybacks on a consistent basis. So, I think we're -- we don't want to front load at an extreme, and we don't want to be ratably flat through the year at the extreme either because it gives, I think, it's a good kind of market practice to have some I'll call it, front loading, but reasonable consistency in the buyback as well. I think then the goal is to get into our target range at pace. And then we'd love to operate in the middle of our range over time. That's kind of how a range is set up. But I think what we always have to do is look out on the horizon is are the economic conditions worsening, right? And so then you may be want to run close to the upper end of the range to insulate and prepare or are they particularly benign and they're particularly good uses of capital, and you might want to be at the lower end. Similarly, I think we'll learn more about Basel III and some of the changes in capital rules, maybe that comes with other changes in capital rules, we don't know. And I think later this year, we'll evaluate and that's another reason to either run towards in different areas of the range as well. So, it all factors in, but I think we're quite comfortable with the direction where we want to go and then like you will -- we'll think about what's on the horizon and plan for that.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, we did. And I think what the accelerated share repurchase program typically does is operate in such a way that the stock buyback is accelerated within the course of the quarter, right, within the three-month period. There are typically some benefits of that. You tend to add $0.01 or around that EPS. It's actually interesting in a high interest rate environment, you also lose the NII benefit of the capital. So we've actually found that the ASRs tend to be a push roughly. And so we're -- we often do a more typical buyback within the available trading days in the quarter in a way that's fairly market practice as a way to return the cash and the capital to all of you.
Eric Aboaf: It will depend on -- let me say it this way, we want to return the capital at pace and I've given some bookends as to what that means. And that's, I think, a forecast you guys can build off of. And we want to get to our target range, we don't want to wait until, I don't know, next Christmas. That's not the -- that would not be at pace in my nomenclature. At the same time, there's just a range of what will move. If RWAs lighten again, it'll take a little longer. If they go back and we fully utilize our limits in our various businesses and areas, then it might be a little more quickly. So it's hard to pin it down, but as I said, we'd like to get to -- we'd like to execute the buyback at pace. We'd like to get back to a range -- into a range at pace and we're going to -- we're driving that direction.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it's Eric. All good questions. I think that this section in the industry, which used to be variable cost intensive, right, it was very manual, and when you add a new piece of business, you actually have to hire fund accountants. We're working on ledger paper first and then on the Excel sheets next. And so it's quite manually intensive and variable in nature. It's actually as we've automated, think about the data centers, you've talked about the movement to the cloud, the developers that we have, this business has really evolved to a fixed and semi-fixed cost oriented business in truth. And that means that for certain types of business, we bring on custody business, core custody. Those are kind of the most automated and the most the oldest part of what sits in our franchise, that comes in, you plug it in, and the computers just process a few more times, not overnight, but literally in nanoseconds. And so this has become a more fixed cost business. And so what we need to do is think about how do we want to manage those fixed costs, how are they deployed, the development dollars and technology, how do we shape that each year because we can -- if we do that right, we'll add feature functionality and that will bring in new business over time, that will help retention and that will help growth.  And so this is more of a fixed cost business and semi-fixed costs. Where is it? It's more 80-20 fixed and semi-fixed than 20-80. And I think it actually has evolved. And so what's important for us to do is to make sure that we have the products and the offerings and the client coverage to support that and to add new business, add the right type of new business. And then where there are variable cost components, we've talked about some of the more manual and complex areas. Servicing for private, for example, is still quite manual, it's complicated. They are not standard systems. Typically, in the industry, there are no -- there's very little in third-party software that one could avail oneself of, those are the variable areas where we need to continue to find ways to automate and streamline and that's part of what we're doing with the ongoing investment program that we have underway.
Eric Aboaf: As we have said, the pipeline remains strong. I think we're pleased with wins this year. Wins were about $1.9 trillion for the full year. What I have said is and I think we feel good about this target or line in the sand as we've said, to drive the kind of organic growth that we'd like we want to win about $1.5 trillion per year of new business. We did that this past year, we did it in space closer to double that in 2021. And so -- and that's our expectation. We expect and we think that's par for 2023 as well. Obviously, we want to sell more than that. We want to bring in new -- more new clients or further deepen relationships with existing clients. I think what we feel good about here is both the new business this year, the $1.9 trillion that has come in has come in at good fee rates. The fee rates of the new wins are actually in line with our overall fee rate this year. And so that means that as it on-boards it will be neutral or even accretive to the fee rate. So that's important and that's an important part of the program. In terms of segments, it's been broad-based. I mean this past quarter, for example, was broad-based across regions, literally, I think it was a third, a third, a third and we saw particularly strong growth this past year in Asia. We'd like to repeat that again. I think we got -- we have an intensity on Europe and North America as well. So there's not -- I'd say it's not one particular segment or one particular region. It's fairly broad. But it's a good pipeline overall.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Let me just clarify. RWA was lower than expected in the fourth quarter by about $10 billion. And in first quarter, we expect it to reverse, in other words, to move back up by $10 billion, $12 billion, $15 billion. And it's just driven by some of the underlying volatility in our business. For example, overdrafts were lighter than expected this quarter. They moved around by a few billion dollars, and that moves RWA by a few billion dollars each quarter. In the FX book, we run a very sort of a typical forward book 2 weeks, 4 weeks, 6 weeks forward. And as you have U.S. dollar appreciation or depreciation, you can get you can get $5 billion moves in RWA relatively easily. So that's just the volatility that we saw. We tend to be quite careful to stay within our RWA internal limits. That's why we tend not to have upswings in RWA, but we tend to have these beneficial quarters now and then. And we'll just note them to you so you can model out our capital ratio trends.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. It's a combination. I mean, the bulk of that is really around Charles River and the franchise that we purchased back in 2018, which has really given us the kind of growth that we had expected. So you can go back and compare the size of the franchise, I think at the last disclosure. I think we probably showed it a year ago and compare it to that software and data line and get a kind of an adjustment. But it's the large majority, I'll say, of that line. Data to us is though a very appealing offering that supplements what's in -- sometimes sold with the Charles River offering sometimes with Alpha and the middle office, sometimes sold as supplemental to just custody and accounting because it's such a high-value and informative kind of window, sometimes for risk management purposes, sometimes for client transparency purposes for our asset manager or asset owner clients. And so it's actually one of the faster growing areas of that area. And that's why we've put it together because it's actually a software type sale, but an important one.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. It continues through odd pace. I'd say it moves around depending on some of the on-premise renewals that still flow through the P&L, high single digits, low double-digits. And what we've done is continued to -- the team continues to drive kind of the core CRD offerings, the -- start with an equity product. It's moved to equity and fixed income, which are now industry, I think, industry at peer levels, in some cases, industry-leading. And then what we've done is supplemented that. For example, we purchased a small company called Markidis [ph], which was kind of a front-end portion of a Charles River type offering. And so we've added a kind of private market area to what I'll call the broader Charles River Complex. So this is an area that I think will continue to grow probably twice the rate of State Street -- it will help lead us forward but also as the tip of the spear of how we engage with clients, new clients, existing clients in broader ways. And that's why the core software, I think, is an important product. And what I think I've been pleased with, especially this year, which has been all over the place economically and politically, right, even with the equity markets up and down, software and software growth, core Charles River, data, private software for private continues to grow in this double-digit range. Low double-digit range through thick and thin, and that helps balance out, I think, the growth dynamic of the company.
