Ron O'Hanley: Hi, Glenn. It's Ron. You have it correct there. The most of it, the vast majority of it is around client rebalancing. In one case, an extremely large client that’s rebalancing away from certain act -- from certain asset classes. So it's idiosyncratic. We don't expect it to continue. And we feel very comfortable with the trajectory that Global Advisors is on both the institutional business and in ETF business.
Ron O'Hanley: So, Glenn, I mean, we've been pretty consistent about this. We have a very, very strong market position. Now some of that, in the past has been built by M&A if you go back to the 2000s. But if you think about where we are now, it's very strong and the vast majority of our activity is around organic build out of our business. Some of that, just in terms of, focusing on clients within geographies, and some of that focused on building capabilities and extending them to other geographies. That is, by far the -- what our focus is. To the extent and I've said this in the past, I mean, M&A is not a strategy, but it can help us to effectively implement our strategy and it is superior to passes the test of being superior to a return of capital to shareholders, then we'll consider it. But our focus is on building out organically, returning capital to shareholders at a reasonable pace and continuing to accelerate what we do.
Ron O'Hanley: Yes. So there's -- I think you largely have it. But let me go a little bit deeper, Ken, because if you think about -- let's talk about core servicing fees, what really drives it? First is retention. Second is the amount and rate of onboarding. And then third is do business and sales, and then rinse and repeat. And our retention levels which they -- we've talked about them before and we're continuing to track well against them even coming a little bit higher than what we had planned. Second onboardings, as Eric noted, they've been slower than expected this year. But we see lots of visibility going forward to that increasing. We've got a big book there to onboard and that will start to onboard and -- it should start to onboard in accelerating rate. And then third is sales. And there's two things going on there. One, the amounts we opted in '23, we opted again in '24. We're on track for that increased servicing fee -- sales target. But we also have disproportionate focus on traditional back office fees, either standalone, or if they're associated with Alpha, making sure that when an Alpha assignment comes on board, the back office conversions occur first. And that's part of the learning this whole Alpha process. So that by itself gives us encouragement, and then -- and Eric will probably want to go into this a little bit more, the deconversion that seems like we talked about forever. I mean, we're hitting bottom right now in terms of that. So we'll start to see improvement on that as a comp and as its effect and move beyond it, starting in the next quarter or two. So that's servicing fees. And management fees, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing at SSJ. It's been -- it's part of a carefully crafted strategy, both in the institutional ETFs. We've talked about ETF flows, we've talked about market share and the very important low cost ETFs, which, in effect represent penetration into the retail market, all that is working well. And then finally, we had this historically low volatility in FX. Nonetheless, the team has been highly focused on continuing to build share within our clients to move up on the panels. And [indiscernible] saw some of that pay off in terms of FX in securities finance. Again, there's been a new strategy in place there and some progress there. So this is much of what we do is a game of inches. But there's a lot of inches coming together here that we feel quite good about.
Ron O'Hanley: Betsy, its Ron. Let me take that. Firstly, just to clarify that the these numbers that we're talking about are sales and not installs, right.
Ron O'Hanley: So, it wouldn't include anything that's under contract and subject to onboarding at this point. But what -- I mean, I think the way to think about it is, is this, that if you -- that's why Eric gave the four quarter number there. Third and fourth quarter historically for us tend to be a little bit better. Second half of the year is a little bit better than the first half of the year. So that's point number one. Point number two, the pipeline and we feel pretty good about the pipeline. So that's why we're continuing to affirm confidence in that target that we have of $350 million to $400 million.
Ron O'Hanley: The number would include things that are in contract, but not include anything that's actually been on boarded. So when you see the to be onboarded number that we have out there, that includes basically past sales. So I hope that's clear. I didn't mean to confuse that.
Ron O'Hanley: Mike, it's Ron. Let me take that. I mean, I think that the -- as you would know as well as anybody, the business continues to change. And we've seen the continued move from the mutual fund to the ETF to the FMA. But you're also seeing these firms, particularly the well managed ones respond, and they're responding in a couple of ways. I mean, one new product types are -- I mean, even the most traditional mutual fund companies now have pretty interesting ETF lines. Most of -- they're involved in the DC 401(k) business, they've got a mutual fund offering, but they've got a collective trust offering too. So they're responding to that market pressure. Most of them are figuring out ways to participate in the wealth business, and we continue to respond and support them in that. So the nature of the business is changing. In some cases, some things were more lucrative than others. And so what you're also finding in those businesses, they're very focused on their cost base. Their technology stack, their operating stack, and again, that presses in our favor as we think about the Alpha front to back solution, we are the largest middle office provider by far in the industry and we've gotten quite good at that. So the -- we describe ourselves as an essential partner to our clients, and I think that plays through both in supporting them in their revenue and product activities as well as their cost and operations.
Ron O'Hanley: Well, I'll start, but Eric, [indiscernible]. But I think if -- what caused it, I mean, there's been really remarkably low dollar volatility. And I think some of the things that have been driving that: one is just the simple strength of the dollar for an awfully long time. And it's almost become too dangerous of thing to bet against the dollar. And so, even in times where you would expect to see some volatility, we simply haven't -- we haven't seen that. So I think that's been the primary driver that you've got this inordinate strength of the dollar. But Eric, [indiscernible] over to you.
Ron O'Hanley: Eric, it's Ron. Excuse, Gerard, it's Ron. I'll take that. It's concentrated in some large clients that also happened to be development partners. And I think we've talked about this concept of development partners, these are early partners that joined us in this journey, and we're doing a fair amount of development around that. So that's caused some of it. And then some of that has been idiosyncratic to those same institutions in terms of things going on in their own operation that have delayed some of -- delayed some of the onboarding. So that's been a big part of it. The second thing that's been driving is been really around private markets. While we've continued to bring on clients, and we're really pleased with our offering and the clients that we brought on, [indiscernible] slowdown in private markets is actually affecting us because we start to get paid right when the fund starts to draw capital [indiscernible]. And if you've been following this, many of the new funds that have been raised, including some of the very, very largest ones actually haven't drawn capital. So we've got a quote set up and ready to go. But we're not actually deriving meaningful revenues from that yet. So that would be the other major factor that's going on here.
Eric Aboaf: Ken, its Eric. As you said, we're pleased with the second quarter results on NII. Some of that is the interest rate environment. But a good portion of that is the management actions we've been taking in terms of engaging with our clients on deposits. And really being there for them on both sides of the balance sheet, as we lend and support their growth as well. This quarter was particularly strong. We had a nice tailwind from long-term rates during the quarter that helped you saw us build out our investment portfolio a little more. Deposits ticked up second half of June and towards the end, especially noninterest bearing. But what I find pleasing is that deposits are coming in stronger across the -- what I will call the pricing stack, the transactional deposits, the exception price deposits and initiatives. So across the spectrum and that's really a testament to the engagement that we've had with our clients to be there. I think as we look forward into the third quarter and fourth quarter, we still see some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we've talked about, short-term rates seem like will start to trend down that'll be a little bit of a headwind. Deposits, we're still seeing some of that rotation from noninterest bearing to interest bearing that is slowing. That was -- that rotated out about $2 billion this past quarter and that's been less than the prior quarters. But that still continues and still a little bit of pricing and mix shift that we're seeing in the interest bearing deposit base. So that -- that we see is just playing out through the end of the year, but at a more modest pace. The offsets to that are mix of long-term rates, the lending, that we continue to do, lendings up double digits and that's been purposeful to support our clients and to support NII. And then, tactically adjusting the investment portfolio. And so it's the net of those that probably will come in with some erosion over the next couple of quarters. But we're seeing a place where deposits are come in at a nice and robust level on our balance sheet. Lending continues. And so, we're getting to a point where we're going to start to see I think an inflection of NII and a bottoming, which is nice. And we can see that over the next a few quarters. Hard to tell exactly when, but with the headwinds and tailwinds kind of I'll say equalizing over time, it gives us a good basis to look forward.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. It's nice to see the industry environment top out and begin to reverse, though I think it'll reverse slowly. We've seen the beginning of that and feels like it'll take some time, which is -- which will be fine because remember, our portfolio and our balance sheet is roughly neutral and relatively insulated now from interest rate increases or decreases. We have a slight sensitivity across the balance sheet, but it's light. It's -- if all central banks across the curve cut rates by 25 basis points, we're talking about $5 million per quarter impact on a $2.5 billion base of a full year NII. So that's the -- we're talking about small effects. To your point euro is a good place to start because euro rates increased lagged on the way up and now are starting to move in the opposite direction. We have said, and the euro experience on this first rate move has demonstrated that we expect largely to see symmetry in the betas. So as we -- as rates rose, we lagged and then the betas increased over time towards the back end of the rate cycle. And what we've said is, area by area transaction rate deposits, exception rate deposits, and the initial rate deposits, will tend to see the reversal of that. And so, specifically in euros, we did see that. We -- the beta and the first tick down was similar to the beta on the last tick up and I think is a good representation largely of what we expect to see. And that means that, if you step back even further, we feel like our pricing is set at a healthy level. We have a range of pricing and pools of deposits, and in a way have built real engagement with our clients. So they understood the model as floated up. And similarly they understand the model as rates floated down in the balance of trade, and it comes together nicely.
Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric again. There's been a lot of talks about repo. Now we're saying that most of the NII we earn on our balance sheet is really based on deposit funding and lending. So 90% of our NII is around deposits, loans, investment portfolio. We're talking about 10%, which is on repo. So just for context and it is true repo NII came in a little bit better-than-expected in the second quarter, why? Because there was some dislocation in overnight repo operation of the Fed relative to SOFR. So clients came our way. We also saw dealer balance sheet strain, but the higher than expectation was in the $5 million to $10 million range. It's not a -- it was nice to take. And it was nice to be there for our clients. But in fact, repo has been relatively flat to actually, down a smidge over the last couple of quarters. And that's because it tends to be a thinner margin, but a useful way to accommodate our clients. And we think it's not going to be a large driver of the coming NII. It's fully included in our guide. I think the real big moving parts are really around deposits loans and then followed by investment portfolio and the mix of long and short rates that we'll see.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, it's Eric. Calling a -- an inflection or a turn in NII is one of the hardest things to do. And so we've been -- our outlook is that in the next few quarters, we'll begin to see that, but we'll first go from the trends that we're seeing to a stabilization, it'll bounce around some, and then over time tick upwards. The factors are multifaceted. And with a number of ins and outs, you're right, the investment portfolios turning over, it turned over quite a bit in the second half of last year, it's now turning over by about 3, maybe $3 billion to $4 billion a quarter, and that's across HTM and AFS. And because there are some longer dated bonds in HTM, those roll through a little more slowly. But in a way that we have is a sustained amount of, I'll say, tailwind that comes with that because remember the roll-ons in the portfolio versus the roll-offs, those are worth a solid 250 basis point of spread differential. And that'll play through the books as a nice tailwind, assuming long rate stay, somewhere in the area, and we -- and the primary change on the curve is at the front end. So, I think it'll be a component. Right now the biggest component is really the deposit mix pricing levels of noninterest bearing, that's what's moving the needle the most. I mean, all these factors matter. And I think as the deposits stabilize, and we've started to see total deposit levels stabilize last few quarters, we have to see now the mix stabilize. Once that happens, the natural benefit from the investment portfolio rolling through, right, and then the growth in loans, and you've seen us lean into lending. Lending is up more than 10% year-on-year, because we're trying to be out there for our clients. And as we lend to our clients, they actually often do additional servicing business with us. That factor in the investment portfolio and the long-term rates will then turn to a net positive impact on NII in the coming quarters.
Eric Aboaf: I think the direct answer is that the rate environment has moved around quite a bit. And we've seen the deposit effects from the rate environment. I think those are relatively been -- those have been telegraphed through the banking system. And we've also seen the Fed balance sheet actions as they've been tightening conditions with their balance sheet, although that slowing and the overnight reverse repo operation is an easing, we've seen that telegraphed through. So I think the exogenous factors that have driven deposits over the last 2 years have largely been telegraphed. And the modest number of interest rate cuts, I don't expect to have that much of an impact on deposit levels. We'll see, but that's our kind of sense from talking with our clients and analyzing the vast array of data that we have. What we feel will make the difference over time is sales. So we talk a lot about servicing fee sales, targeting $350 million to $400 million this year, that's up from $300 million the year before and even less than the year before that. And with a tilt towards custody and remember, it's the custodial activity, not just the accounting or the middle office, but the custodial activity that brings with it balances, deposit balances, because they're needed as part of the, the buffer or the -- to handle the transactional activities that we process for clients. And so as we look forward, as sales continue to accelerate, and then we onboard those sales because both have to happen. That's what we expect will bring on additional deposits in a way are part of our organic growth model, which will bring fee growth, but also bring deposit growth and thus NII into the system at a -- I think at a nice rate, and it'll be year by year by year that that'll help drive growth.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, it's Eric. Let me take that. As we had said and you're reflecting on buybacks were lighter, in first quarter at $100 million than we booked $200 million in second quarter, we expect that pace to accelerate into the third quarter and then again into the fourth quarter. So that's our intention and we have a good amount of room and capital generation each quarter to be able to deliver on that. In terms of the constraints, the ratio constraints, the most important one for us, and I think for our various stakeholders is the CET1 ratio. And that were -- I think we can continue to operate at a good pace, at a good level, but also that allows us a good pace of accelerating buybacks. The Tier 1 leverage or the supplementary leverage ratio are informative, but actually relatively manageable, right, with the right level of preferred equity we could -- we can operate where we need to. I think we've been clear on Tier 1 leverage what our range is, and we'll operate within that range. And we can adjust the preferred equity stack as necessary. We've not really formalized at least externally a supplementary leverage ratio range, but it -- I'd say, it kind of flows the -- in a similar way as the Tier 1 leverage and you can think of those as related from a conceptual and operational standpoint, and both of them are eminently manageable and are not really the constraint when it comes to common share buybacks.
Eric Aboaf: It's when we talk buybacks, there's always the -- it depends on market conditions and the environment and so forth. So we always want to be careful with that. And you'd expect that of us as well, Ron and a management team, that's both careful, but also leans into capital return. And you've seen our commitment, I think, we'd certainly -- we certainly feel the $100 million in the first quarter, it was below what we would have liked to deliver. We feel the $200 million was below what we would have liked to deliver. So I think there's a solid increase coming. You can think about it in dollar terms, two points, begin to create a line but that could be a curve as well. And I think you've got enough to go on. I think you've got …
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it's Eric. With regard to NII and noninterest bearing deposits, I said the next few quarters. So, I'm giving myself a little bit of room to be honest, because it's hard to predict perfectly. And so I'll stick with a few quarters. I think that kind of works and that certainly covers your range, and maybe a little bit more. So, we just want to live through this. But we can see I think over the horizon here in a way and that's what we wanted to communicate. On the client deconversion, if you recall, we said this would be the largest year on a year-on-year basis. It was originally worth about 2 percentage points of total fees. We said about a percentage point year-on-year this year, half a point year-on-year last year, and about half a point year-on-year next year. So by the end of this year, we'll be through, I'll call it, three quarters of the effect, but they'll still be a piece of that coming through next year, and then it'll be behind us.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it's Eric again. I think we talked about pricing pressure because just part of the natural course of events, right, we get a market, we get pricing increasing -- increases from market upticks. And then with clients they ask for a part of that back. That's just how the business has operated, as you say, for the last 30 years. This quarter and last quarter and this year, and for the rest of the year, we expect pricing headwinds to be in line with the previous years and guidance. We've said pricing headwinds of about 2% per year. We're not seeing any more or any less of that. It tends to be a little more geared towards the asset manager segment, because those are the -- that is the group of clients that has mutual funds and some mutual fund versus ETF shifting. But it's not -- we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary or anything that is unexpected at this point.
Eric Aboaf: Vivek, it's Eric. It's -- I would describe that as just part of the normal volatility that we'll see in deposits. I mean we run such a large franchise and our clients transactional activity tends to vary over time. But we're seeing healthy levels of deposits across dollars, across euros. And so we didn't -- we haven't seen anything, particularly surprising in one area or another. I think, total U.S interest bearing deposits, if you look at our addendum are up slightly, euros are up slightly and so on and so forth. So -- and to the extent that there are some movements, not driven by our pricing actions, per se. In truth, clients need a certain amount of transactional deposits to fund their custody accounts. And the pricing tends to be something that we have negotiated and is well understood now, given where we are in the cycle and isn't the determinant [ph] of the of movements at this point.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, I think, to add to that, maybe in two ways. The dollar has been strong and continues to be the dominant currency globally for whether it's petrol, whether it's for core commodities, and the currency of choice. And what we've seen ebbs and flows in potential substitution euros, yuan [ph], et cetera, none of that is really come to pass. And so you have a bit of a stabilizing factor. I think the other thing that we've seen recently is because of the clients have been underweight -- I'm sorry, overweight in cash and underweight in equities and bonds, and they've started to put more of that cash to work, they're doing that both in the U.S and abroad and internationally. And as a result, there's not -- we're not seeing a lot of speculation in currency markets. We're seeing more, okay, I'll describe it as natural and transitional flows. And so we've not seen disruptions on one hand, knock on wood. And on the other hand, we have seen consistent holding of dollars and consistent buying of other currencies. And so, that's created -- it feels like a set of muted volatility levels that are fine for our clients. And our point of view is we need to serve clients during those times. And the more we can offer them ways to trade through us, through our multiple venues, some of them are platforms, some of them are single dealers, some are multi dealer, and then some of them are algos, we'll continue to do that and we'll support them and that'll because of the higher volumes we are seeing notwithstanding the lower volatilities has been fruitful and help drive revenue growth for us on that -- in that area.
Betsy Graseck: I did just want to key off of the last comment around the sales. And to your point $350 million to $400 million is the goal for this year. Obviously, on Page 5, you show us what the rev wins are for 1Q and 2Q, 67 and 72. So that leaves us with an expectation that you're going to be able to bump that up pretty aggressively towards the 105 level for each of 3Q and 4Q. And so it gets to my question of what gives you the confidence in that? Is that a function of these are already sales that are in contract, and it's just the installation of the new wins that hits this page. And so that gives you a lot of confidence that you can generate that 105 level in each of the next two quarters.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Perfect. Yes, and I can see in last year, the second half was 3x 2Q. So, history, obviously shows that that should happen. So that's great. Okay, so then the follow-up …
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you. And then the follow-up just on the buyback. I understand you've got the opportunity for increasing buybacks and I'm expecting that you're going to be flexing that versus your SLR [ph] constraint is that fair? And with SLR at 6.3 and the minimum is 5, that feels like you've got a lot of room. So just want to understand how you're thinking about what the -- what level of SLR you want to hold regulatory minimum is 5, what kind of buffer should we expect that you're anticipating holding on top of that, just as we're working through our models on how much buybacks we estimate for you. Thank you.
