Eric Aboaf: Alex, it’s Eric. Happy New Year to you, too. Let me cover fees and then servicing fees, which I think is where your focus. Our guide for total fee revenue is up 3% to 4% for the year, our guide for servicing fees up 2% to 3%. And obviously, that includes about a percentage point of headwind from foreign exchange. So in effect, the servicing fees are up, for example, 3% to 4% in our guide, adjusted for currency translation. If you think about the drivers, we’ve factored in all the known events, both our growth, our installations, net new business and so forth. If you want to peel it apart a little more deeply, we start off at a good equity market level and we expect some year-on-year growth from equity markets, that’s probably worth about 2 percentage points of a tailwind to growth. Flows and client activity, which – variable is probably worth another percentage point and part of our kind of fee structures. Net new business is – continues to tick up. We expect core net new business to be up 2%. And that obviously includes all the new onboarding, offset by any attrition. So that’s on a net basis. And then obviously, there’s just the usual, 2%, grind down of pricing. And that kind of gets you to the low end of our range. We think there’s some upside, which is why adjusted for currency, the servicing fee guide is in the 3% to 4% range. And what it does is, it represents the continued acceleration of our business towards our medium-term targets, which are really in the 4% to 5% range.
Eric Aboaf: Alex, that’s a fair question. And you can see that part of the way we create some, I’ll call it insulation for ourselves as we think about equity markets and where they might go, whether it’s up a lot of modestly flat or down, is that we’ve designed our plans with a view that we should and intend to deliver a couple points of operating leverage, and actually a couple points of fee operating leverage, right? That that couple of points gives us some flexibility to handle some variability in the – in what happens in actuality in equity markets. I think, certainly will move within our range based on what we see. Obviously, if we see a market – an equity market correction of down 5%, or down 10%, we’ll do everything we can to come in below our range. And certainly, we can flex in this business, a full point can be flexed. It’s not easy, but it can be flexed. And that would be the approach that that we take. But we’re confident with kind of the level of equity markets they are today. Part of this – part of what we see is fairly – a fairly nominal uptick in equity markets. So we think there’s a good kind of middle of the fairway plan, but we’ll certainly flex it, we, to the extent that we can.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, it’s Eric. The business that Brown Brothers has run on the investment services side is performing well. So what we’ve seen is, with the higher equity markets, we’ve seen their servicing fees come in a bit stronger for this coming year. I think that deposits both on-balance sheet and the swept ones are within the range of what we’ve seen. And I think we describe those as bit under $10 billion on-balance sheet and a bit over $65 billion swept and they’re coming in right around that range. And that’s our expectation for 2022. The – both the on and off-balance sheet do have a good translation into higher revenues as rates move up. And the on-balance sheet betas are similar to ours. And we’ve – we had very nice betas in the early part of the last rate cycle and expect to have that again on ours and on there. And then the off-balance suites also have betas. They’re not quite as strong as deposits, but they’re in the range actually and that also will provide some very nice, I think, fee growth as we take on that business.
Eric Aboaf: Steve, it’s Eric. Let me do that in reverse order. I think the front book and the back book are starting to converge in the investment portfolio. And you’ll see that our investment portfolio yields took a – another small tick downward this quarter in fourth quarter. But starting in first quarter, we’ll see that relatively flat and then you’ll see a slow progression upward. So we’re comfortable with where we are in terms of long rates. And obviously, the higher the loan rates come in, the better off, we’ll be. The NI uptick for this year and then let me get to the question around balances and quantitative tightening, I think, is just comfortably dependent on the Fed increases. I think we’re showing 10% to 12% expectations in NII, low more than half of that is off of rising short-term U.S. rates, about a little less than a quarter is off rising non-U.S. short-term rates, and then the last portion is off of the rise in long rates. So, we’re really geared towards the front end rates, and then that flows through directly to balances. For deposit balances, we currently expect U.S. and international deposit balances to be flattish, I’d say this this year. And I think we’re all wrestling with what’s the pace of the Fed’s actions in terms of rising interest rates. When does that start? And then when did they start with the – with some amount of quantitative tightening? And I think it’s just helpful to book in this. There has been a lot of discussion about quantitative tightening over the last week or two. Certainly, it will happen. If you go back to the last cycle, which was just three, four years ago, so not a long time away, quantitative tightening started two years after the first rate rise, and a full year after the second and third and fourth, kind of that steeper part of the rate rising cycle. And so, I think quantitative tightening, though, there’ll be a bid ask range on this. This is something to expect in 2023, more than 2022. And we’ll thereby and then have some effect on deposits. How much, it’s hard to tell. As you know, this cycle, we’ve controlled some of the uptick in deposits. We had pushed them off in third quarter, as you recall, let them back in this quarter. We’ll certainly see some deposits ebb downwards in 2023 and 2024, perhaps, or potentially just say flattish. Because the question is the pace of the quantitative tightening. And if you recall, last time around, just, I guess, three, four years ago, I think the Fed felt like it tightened too much, right, and created some disruptions in the short-term money markets. And so while we expect some tightening to happen in, say, a year-and-a-half from now, or thereabouts, we’ll see. The – I think the pace of the tightening maybe more moderate. But anyway, we’ll see. We’ll see. That’s, call it, 2023 topic. I think, 2022 should be fairly straight.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I didn’t in the prepared remarks. But the rough amount, we carry typically about $115 billion of RWAs, it was a little less this quarter. SACCR is – will cost us in the first quarter, just over $10 billion. And we’ve got offsetting actions worth about half of that – about half. So call it around $5 billion. So I think net basis, it’s probably worth about $5 of RWA. But as I said before in my prepared remarks, this has all been factored in to our capitol guidance that we gave back over the last several quarters, and we’re confirming and affirming that we’ll be within our ranges in the first half of the year.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, it’s Eric. It’s really a mix, I think, maybe almost if I just think about the ranges, it’s a bit under half, that’s thrown by U.S. markets closer to probably, I don’t know, a 30ish European markets and then Australian emerging markets just because of the, in some cases, the higher fee rates is also important, that could be worth 20%, 25%. The other, as you remember, we have part of our book is fixed income assets that we service. And so, that’s why equity market tailwinds effect part of our book, but not all of our book in rising rates, we’ve thought the opposite effect in – on the fixed income side. What I – just as we from a planning purposes as we go into the year, though, on a point-to-point basis or if we were to stay flat from now through the end of the year versus the average of last year of 2021, that in and of itself should give us at least point and a half of servicing fee lifts. And then what we’re talking about is whether the point-to-point growth from December 31 to – 2022 December 31, can give us that extra half a point. So, I think that’s how you get the roughly 2 percentage point tailwind that we expect, somebody has in a way baked in assuming markets don’t go down. And then a smaller piece is coming from some modest appreciation.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. We – the duration of the investment portfolio, we inch down this quarter, you could have seen that in the NII slide that we had, I think, we’re at about 2.9 years. So, trended down a bit from the last quarters – last couple of quarters. And right now, we’re a little more comfortable. We’ve been investing in the belly of the curve, kind of a two to five-year range. I think the 10-year up through 2 percentage points is quite comfortable for us, including from an OCI management standpoint. I think if you get good bit of buffs, 2 percentage points on the 10-year, you kind of have a – you got a double effect. On one hand, you get an OCI ahead, which obviously creeps back over time. So it’s temporary. And the other hand, you celebrate higher rates flowing through the investment portfolios over the coming quarters. So, I think it’s mix, but net positive if we have some sort of spike at the back end. But it would affect just the mechanics of how we operate quarter-to-quarter on the margin.
Eric Aboaf: Rob, it’s Eric. Loan growth has been good for us the last, say, couple of years, to be honest. I think we’ve comfortably driven loan growth quarter after quarter, up in the low double digits on a year-over-year basis. This quarter, we continue to see good client demand, but we also shifted some – we also added some CLOs in loan form, as we reduced the CLOs and securities form from the investment portfolio. So, there was a bit of a shift. That said, I think, in general, what we’re comfortable doing is continue to grow poor loans, because that’s – we won’t always have a shift every quarter, this is more episodic, just as we rebalance and think about stress testing and how to operate efficiently with our multiple constraints. But we’re still comfortable, continue to grow this loan portfolio in the low double-digit range, it won’t happen every quarter. There’s a little bit of seasonality, but we continue to see quite strong demand from our alternatives clients and private equity capital call financing. We see demand in some parts of the alternative and real estate markets that we play in. And the biggest focus I’d say is as we lend more and deploy capital to our clients, a lot of what we do is work with them and make sure that’s part of a broader relationship because that’s where it really is renew motive for us and for them and helps us grow the – helps us build the reputation and the momentum to build the fee line as well.
Eric Aboaf: It’s hard to forecast the future. The amount of investments is partly around what’s table stakes in the marketplace and partly around where do we see opportunities to differentiate our offerings. And clearly, you’ve seen us invest in particular in Alpha, in the front office and Alpha that spans into the middle and back office. And we’re also finding opportunities in the back office to invest through sort of feature functionality enhancements and custody in some areas of accounting, which also is attractive in segment by segment. So it’s hard for me to say, what’s the necessary amount of investments, we think there’s a range. We think last year, we probably invested a bit less than this, probably, instead of 5% to 6%, I’d say, there was probably a 0.5 less of investments during 2021. So I think what you’ll see is, you’ll see us flex the amount of investments from one year to the next. I think what we’re conscious of is that confidence in investing should come from seeing the revenue growth and seeing the revenue growth from past investments. And that’s what we’re seeing. We’re seeing the revenue growth on the past investments that we’ve made across the franchise, and I think that gives us the confidence to continue to carefully invest in some cases, accelerate that, but I think in in modest ways. I think the other part of our culture has been to – at the same time as we invest, find productivity and savings. And that’s – we think that’s an important part of how to run a business, but certainly a business that over time, we’re digitizing and automating should come with productivity, savings and engineering. And I think the other part of our business processes, and I think you hear this from our senior executives, the more we can drive in productivity saves, the more we feel comfortable in investing, and that’s a very – that’s a virtuous circle.
Eric Aboaf: And then, Glenn, just to give you a context, the – we’ve made this change, we had made one change five years back, and I think this now gets us to be competitive with the marketplace. And the way to the content – the facts that might help a little bit is way back when we had immediate cash in the 30% range of compensation for the average employee, the deferred cash was 40% and the equity, the deferred equity was 30%. That was a place that was completely out of market. We fixed about two-thirds of that five years ago and got to 50% immediate cash, 20% deferred cash, and 30% deferred equity. And now we’re – with this final change, we’re going to take that up to the immediate cash to 60% to 65% deferred cash to just 5% to 10%, mostly for the most senior folks and then the deferred equity stays at 30%. So we think we’re now in line with the market as part of this change. What does happen is you’ve got to crystallize some of the – some of these deferrals into the P&L in the current period. And then what that allows us to do is going forward to add to the cash mix. And because we’ve crystallized the previous deferrals, those don’t hit the P&L in the future, but the new cash will hit the P&L in the future. So this will be neutral to subsequent periods on the expense line.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. Let me – fair questions, Brennan. It’s Eric. We had, as you remember, accurately estimated their 2021 performance to be EBIT of about $375 million, and they came in right around that level. So we’re comfortable with that as a base case. And if you recall, we had shown 17% growth from 2020 to 2021 in our – in some of our documentation, as we announced, the Brown Brothers Investor Services acquisition. From a deal model perspective, at the time, we had expected off of the 2021 base to grow at about 15%. So, in line with the past part of that was the the equity market tailwinds continued to play through, and part of that was just good business performance, the – our Brown Brothers colleagues and investment services really tried a nice set of initiatives each year to try grows, client activity, and so forth. And what we’re finding now, it’s because of the equity market step off in the interest rate environment, and we expect to be roughly at about a 25% EBIT growth from 2021 to 2022. I think a portion of that is the – is on the equity – is on the servicing fee line, a portion that is on the fee line that comes from the sweeps, remember that comes through the feeds as well. And then a portion is from on-balance sheet NII, and I don’t have the pieces handy. But clearly, the interest rate tailwind is probably the more significant of those factors, and that’ll affect both the on-balance sheet and the sweat deposits.
Eric Aboaf: And, Mike, it’s Eric. Just on the synergies, I think each one of them has a cadence, some of which we did spell out I think on the cost synergies, which is the opportunity, and that’s obviously sometimes will come out of there base of expenses, sometimes our base of expenses, as we put the two together. We had estimated about 40% of our cost synergies would come in, in year one, and then the balance, year two and three, and that’s probably the single largest area. In terms of the the fee synergies, the balance sheet actions should come through relatively quickly. We can modulate the amount of swept versus on-balance sheet deposits, because we’ve got the capital resources plan for that. And I think that’s one of the ways that we create real value./ And then the last one on the fee revenue synergies. Now some of the FX kind of markets, synergies come in a little more quickly, right, because it’s about offering a broader set of, say, FX products on which were more capital intensive than simple swaps forwards, that is more about setting up clients, and then quickly being there for them. And then some of the servicing ones take a little longer and part of the sales cycle, but I think there’s a good mix. And obviously, as we work on closing and bring Brown Brothers in, part of what we’ve been doing is, as you expect kicking the tires on what are the opportunities, how to go the next round of definition on those, so that we can hit the ground running. And as I said, when we announced the deals, we’d like to meet or exceed our targets. And I think the exogenous market, tailwinds are part of that, but we’d also like to do it on through old fashioned execution as well.
Eric Aboaf: It’s – I wrestled, Mike, with that, because there were actually a series of tax benefits that came through this quarter, there was some closing of the previous year tax books, there were some foreign credits that accrue in those jurisdictions, which then help our GAAP taxes, and then there’s some foreign credits that then kind of map back into the U.S. as a tax payments as deduction. So there’s a series of them. I think the best way to do it is to probably take our full year tax rates are typically in the 17% to 19% range. So, you take the midpoint of that, think about full year this year now with this – with these discrete, which were more elevated than usual in a good way got us to closer to 15% tax rates. I think the difference is probably the – you might call the lumpy piece. What I do – what I would though also notice that I think tax planning has been the kind of thing that we’ve done for many years. We do it. We’re always on the bright side of the line, and we do it carefully. We – part of it being an international bank. We, like other international banks, are able to do some a modest amount of tax planning. And so you’ll see it, I think it’s – we see that come through the P&L annually, it just tends to be a little lumpy quarter-to-quarter and it was a little more lumpy, good than usual this particular quarter.
Eric Aboaf: Hey, Brian, it’s Eric. I think you have a good estimate of those just for the broader group, I think we said about $5 billion to $10 billion are on the balance sheet today. About $65 billion are off-balance sheet and swept. And as we consummate the acquisition, and we’re targeting the first quarter, we said it – at the end of the first quarter, we’re targeting, we said it could be in the second quarters, this stuff just takes time. We’ll – we’re looking to bring on the $5 billion to $10 billion that they have on the balance sheet, and probably another 10ish or so, that is swept. I think over time, the question is really, at what interest rate levels do we operate at if we’re at prevailing short rates of 50 basis points, let’s say, then on balance sheet deposits aren’t terribly attractive. But when you hit prevailing rates of 100 bps, or 200 bps, and obviously, you can do this across different currencies, then you’re more inclined to bring more on balance sheet. And so we think of it as a range. I think we also, though, are quite – we want to be quite thoughtful about maintaining a program that, that works. It works well, for our clients, and the Brown Brothers Investment Services clients. It works well for a number of global financial institutions, that they have relationships with that they sweep, primarily dollar deposits to who appreciate those deposits. And so we certainly want to maintain the program for suites, want to maintain it in size. But you can certainly see swings of another $10 billion beyond the initial move potentially. But we’re – I think we’ll see when we get there. And part of it will be discussions with the clients themselves on one hand, and part of it will be the with the counterparties. And I think there’ll be goodness and opportunity here in most circumstances.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Brian, and it was actually a good opportunity as we see rates rise and the likelihood of Fed funds, but we did get a chance to go back and revisit what we both said and what we saw in from a deposit beta standpoint back in 2015, 2016, 2017. I do expect the Brown Brothers deposits behave similarly to ours. They are primarily with asset managers. They are currency by currency similar to ours. But if you go back, and I think we were good about disclosing our quarter-on-quarter interest-bearing deposit betas, and usually you have to do it by currency, right? So, because of how the betas play through. But in the first rate, the first one or two rate hikes, we saw and expect, again, to see deposit betas and, call it, 10% range, maybe 10% to 15% range, but it’s quite low. When you get to the third, fourth or fifth hike, you’re in the 30% range plus or minus some as you like into the rate cycle. And it’s really, when you get in the past, they’re in the fifth, sixth, seventh hike, where you’re likely to get closer to 50% interest-bearing deposit betas. Now, I’d like to get there. I – we’d be pleased with with 50% if we get there with that level prevailing rates. But there’s – I think there’s a good opportunity here, because in truth, we’ve been quite limited in our ability to earn NII that covers our cost of capital. And so a lot of this is just catch up in a to a levels that are more in line with the long-term averages.
Ronald O’Hanley: Jim, it’s Ron. Let me take that. I think that the growth is reasonably broad-based in the sense that it’s, firstly from our investments – an ongoing investments in the ETF business. So you saw lots of strength in the core SPDR offerings, which are really instruments of choice for the – for large institutional investors and good growth in areas where we invested active ETFs, fixed income, the low-cost ETFs or non-U.S. So we expect to continue to see a good performance there, particularly as we’ve worked to solidify our position with institutional investors. Secondly, in the institutional – in the traditional institutional space, the team’s done a lot of work in developing products that are companions to the core index business. We have a great client roster, and we’ve seen some diversification in the – in that business. Then finally, we’ve got a great cash business. And obviously, it ebbs and flows as cash does itself, but will also benefit a little bit from rising rate environments as is the remainder of the fee waivers goes away. So it’s really across the board.
Ronald O’Hanley: Sure. There’s a lot there, Steve, in your question. So let me take it kind of from the near end timeframe to further out. We’ve – I think we’re pretty comfortable with our capital guidance that will be at the low end of our 10% to 11% range for CET1 in the first quarter. That includes both the SACCR being implemented and the consummation of the Brown Brothers acquisition. So, that I think will carry us through at the low end of our range for the first half of this year. And we – we’re, I think comfortable with both of those. As we go through the year in the second quarter, we’d certainly like to start the buyback. We’ll see at what pace the pace of a buyback start will depend on the kind of the exact capital ratios as we hit first quarter and then second quarter. We’ll see how OCI swings either positively or negatively. And so I think that then sets us up to start buying back stock in second quarter and then proceeding at pace in the third quarter, fourth quarter and beyond. And then I think at that point, we’re back to trying to, or we’re not trying, but operating within our guidance, that capital return should be in the 80%-plus of earnings. And that puts us, I think, in a way that we continue to return through dividends and buybacks capital in a nice, comfortable way. So, anyway, a nice path forward. But first half of this year, I think, low end of our ranges, and then the second quarter, and then third quarter, fourth quarter, we start to reinstate and then accelerate in buybacks to a comfortable level. The Basel III refinements, Basel IV end game, there are different ways, different vocabulary out there, certainly come to pass. Clearly, we’ll get some benefits on the loan book that we have a smaller loan book than others, though, we’ll probably get some headwinds from the funnel and to review the trading book, and then some headwinds from the ops risk capital charges. So my guess is it’ll be a bit of a headwind. But like I said before, it’s been all factored into our capital ratio guidance. We generate quite a bit of capital each year. And we feel comfortable that we can continue to deliver on our medium-term targets of returning 80% or more of earnings back to shareholders.
Ronald O’Hanley: What I would just add to that is that it’s actually good news that we’re seeing opportunities to invest in the business. Because particularly as we’ve built out the Alpha platform, which was originally aimed at the asset management space in the traditional asset managers, we’re now starting to roll out Alpha for private markets. So it’s good that we’re seeing the opportunities. But I would underscore Eric’s point that notwithstanding that goodness, what we’re focused on is continuing to eke out higher and higher productivity. And we see more opportunities there. So we see the ability of this virtuous cycle to continue for quite a while longer. And the fact that there are investment opportunities, is actually a good thing, because it shows that notwithstanding the narrowness of our, where we operate, there’s plenty of places to grow.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes, Glenn, for the – the employees that are going to feel this would be our – not our most senior employees, it would be kind of the middle senior, lower senior, if you will, and down. So in our parlance, AVPs, VPs, MDs and some of the Senior Vice Presidents will fear.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes. So I mean, this is an ongoing objective of ours, Glenn, and it really is around performance culture. And if you think about culture, which is a very used and sometimes maligned term, for us, it’s about desired behaviors. And on the flip side, kind of eliminating undesirable behaviors. So what we’re focused on is those desirable behaviors, all those – all related to kind of driving performance. I would argue that it’s even more important now than when we started a couple of years ago, because on top of everything else that we need in terms of serving our clients and serving our shareholders, we’re now operating, we’re now all operating in this hybrid world for the foreseeable future. That puts a burden – new burdens and new requirements on managers, particularly middle managers. So it’s all about being able to eke out the benefits, which are considerable in a hybrid world in terms of employee flexibility and some real estate cost savings and those kinds of things, but at the same time, making sure that we’re continuing to deliver where we are. So we think about performance in terms of – and we think about culture and high performance in terms of behaviors.
Ronald O’Hanley: Brennan, I mean, as you can maybe see from our results, we’ve invested in that business. Over the years, the investments are paying off. We’d like the business. It’s very complimentary to the core servicing business, having one of the largest asset managers, also as our client of our core business has been able to let us have a bit of an R&D laboratory. There’s client overlap in certain segments like asset owners and sovereign wealth funds, that we’ve gotten better and better at it leveraging. So we’d like the business. We intend to stay in the business. Under Cyrus leadership, they’ve done a great job, and the numbers speak for themselves there. So I wouldn’t expect to see a broad strategic change here. Certainly not in that direction I just outlined. I mean, there’s always opportunities to do more and do better in all of our businesses. So we’ll want to continue to do that. We’ve got a very strong talent base there, but this is an attractive business and one in which we will look inside and out and get the right person to take us to the next level here, but we have full intention of continuing to plan and grow that business.
Ronald O’Hanley: Yes, Mike, why don’t I start that and I’ll turn the synergy part of the question over to, Eric. But no, there’s no contingencies in the purchase price either up or down other than than the usual ones that you would expect in terms of risk management. So no, there’s no additional payment that will be due here.
