Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Appreciate the question, Ashley. The Beacon effort as you know, is designed to improve straight-through processing, so clean up a lot of the handoffs and the inefficiencies. But importantly, when you do that, the impact it has on clients can be pretty dramatic. So one of the examples that I referenced in my prepared remarks, I just push out a little bit. One of the things that we do in huge volume is, at the end of the day produce a net asset value based on the workings of the day in the daily fund business where we have a pretty significant position globally, and the production of that net asset value is critical from a timing standpoint, and once you get that, that feeds downstream distribution systems, it feeds newspapers and other communication vehicles. We have seen through the most recent improvements in Beacon that we've been able to pull back that time of producing a net asset value 20 minutes to 30 minutes, which on an hour and a half window is significant. So our clients, who are ultimately concerned about satisfying their distribution systems, when we can deliver that 30 minutes early it gives everybody in the chain more time to react. It might seem mundane but to our clients it's a huge win. I'd say secondly, we experienced in the first quarter a 20% reduction in the number of reconciliations that we do within the company. And again, that just improves not only cost but accuracy and how data flows back to our clients. I think to your question ultimately, our vision or end game in this is not only to achieve the savings that are prescribed by Beacon but to the extent that we can digitize our internal environment and make it real-time to our clients, the ability to get information intraday, whether it's cash positions, whether it's risk management data, that's really where we're going with this and when we established Global Exchange a few years ago, that was done in order to take the benefit digitizing our internal production environment and start to provide information and analytic services to our clients, not just back office, but middle and front office as well. And in parallel, Global Exchange is introducing some exciting new products that give clients intraday access and insights to what's going on in their portfolio, all enabled by our ability through Beacon to digitize our internal environment. So, you've heard me say before, to me it is the next big thing in this business and we're making good progress.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yeah, Jim, this is Jay. That's not a similar issue for us. We have pursued a single point of entry strategy from the beginning and continue to pursue that. So for us, it's more about absorbing the input from the Fed and the FDIC and marching to it. As Mike mentioned, the October date, and importantly, there's even more work to be done for the July, 2017 date but we have a pretty clear mandate for what we need to do and it's a matter of executing against that. So, no big shifts in strategy with regard to resolution.
Joseph L. Hooley: And Alex, just a footnote. We had set a 90% client retention rate. We achieved 95%, which was not shocking, but positive given what our expectations were.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, thanks. Let me pick that one up. So first point is that, in the quarter, we had $35 billion of outflows, mostly passive equities and separate accounts and not ETFs. And I would say the other theme, which I referenced, is sovereign wealth funds, mostly oil-based sovereign wealth funds, looking to reallocate. We have been focused for some time on introducing new products that have higher yields to them from a standpoint of the fees and, more particularly, the management fees, and we've had good success with that. I referenced some of the new ETFs we brought out. That's a continuation on a theme. I'd also add that GLD, the gold fund, is probably more of a product for the times. But we've had great traction in our active quant equity products, which are doing nice from a performance standpoint, and therefore, the flows are coming in nicely, high-fee products, from our standpoint, the multi-asset class. And so, I would say it's been a conscious effort for the last, I would say, 18 months to 24 months, to focus on those higher-fee products. And I think we're making headway. If you look at the first quarter and the management fee growth of almost 5%, some of that's market, but some of it is a reflection of the mix shift. And as we sit mid-year looking towards rest of year, we expect to continue to see growth in the asset management business. Mostly based on introducing higher yielding products and getting positive flows into those products. I think that the commoditized end of our world tends to move with markets and other events. As you know, we have the largest ETF in SPY, the S&P 500, which trades pretty actively. But our strategy consciously is to move to the higher end of the product spectrum. Last point I would make, Adam, is that the GE Asset Management business is a really big add in supporting that strategy. And that not only do we think we have a great opportunity to compete in the outsourced CIO marketplace, given what GE brings, but GE brings a mix of more active products, high fee products that can be sold as standalone. But even more importantly, as part of a bundled mix to provide solutions, whether it's in a 401(k) setting, outsourced CIO, or other elements of the risk spectrum.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Let me pick that up, Adam. I think my Brexit-related comments, the only caveat I would make is that to the extent that Brexit and the EU bring down global growth or broad-based interest rates, that's outside of this commentary. But if you look at Brexit and our European strategy, we have a different business. So our business is driven by asset pools. Both pension, insurance and investment asset pools. So, if you think about managing and servicing assets, that's the starting point. We've seen, in the last couple years, as the Eurozone has had increasing economic pressure, savings rates go up. Savings rates continue to be pretty high in countries like Germany, Italy, France, and those products increasingly are not only growing, the asset pools are growing, but the assets are moving out of banks into investment products. So the environment there is quite good generally. Enter Brexit. Tremendous uncertainty about what Brexit means and how the UK will ultimately disentangle from the EU, and I'm sure it will take a long time for that to unwind. But from my standpoint, if you look at it through investment products, there are several structures that exist in Europe. And importantly, in Europe, as opposed to the U.S., which is one homogeneous market, Europe, you've got 20 different markets. And so, the notion of passporting or creating product in one domicile and being able to sell it across the Eurozone, is critical to success for an asset manager in Europe. And so it's likely, and there are some product structures, Oeics, SICAVs, UCIT. Oeics, for example, are created in the UK and they're passportable to the Eurozone. To the extent that the break between the UK and the Eurozone results in folks having to transition Oeics to things like SICAVs, then we're there to do that. We're the largest provider of these services across 11 different markets. Significantly, I think the big winners will be the offshore centers. Luxembourg and probably, more importantly, Ireland, who have been the winners in the last couple years with regard to flows. So that's kind of the landscape. That's why we view the Brexit event to be neutral, if not positive, given that we have the most comprehensive set of services across the most markets in Europe. From a competitive standpoint, when we acquired Deutsche Bank's business some years ago, it really catapulted us into leading positions in Germany, Ireland, the Intesa Sanpaolo deal gave us a leading presence in Italy. We've always been in the UK. We've built out our Luxembourg presence. So there's nobody near us with regard to servicing investment products, with the most geography covered across the most asset classes. I would say, secondarily, that the U.S. firms probably are more competent in the offshore centers of Lux and Dublin than the European providers would be. There's a couple of European providers that can provide Pan-European servicing, but pretty limited. So I would say we are at the top of that pyramid. Some of our U.S. competitors have component parts of the European puzzle, but nobody has as comprehensive a servicing capability as we do in Europe. Hence, the enthusiasm.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Happy to do that, Marty. Yeah, I do think this is an inflection point. I think you started out with a cloud and Beacon and that is critically important from a standpoint of managing cost in a difficult environment, but even more important relative to continuing to differentiate our services, vis-a-vis the competitors and the interest of what clients are looking for today. So the first point I would make is that some of our successes in the marketplace are not only a reflection of us producing better capabilities, better products, information-based services, but it's also a reflection of the pressure that our clients are feeling in a low return environment to outsource more work. So I would put that in the inflection point transition bucket too. I don't see that slowing down anytime soon, so whether it's a mutual fund manager moving to outsource middle office or in the alternatives world moving from hedge, now private equity and real estate, there's a surge to outsource those things. So I think it's a convergence of more outsourcing driven by the environment and our client base based on our continued ability to differentiate our product sets and compete effectively at good pricing to win new business. I think that's a trend that we're likely to continue to see and the cloud and Beacon is right at the center of that because this business trades more and more on the ability to provide analytics and information and insight from the processing work that we do, and that's going to continue. The other thing I could add is the regulatory pressure on our clients again is forcing both of those things to happen. I think similarly in the world of asset management, we have been on a journey the last couple of years, to transition, I wouldn't say completely pivot, but transition our business to maintaining those core products that we have but building out our ETF distribution capabilities in the U.S. and Europe, investing in higher-yielding products. I think the GE acquisition potentially is an inflection point for us. In the world of solutions, which is a huge opportunity for everybody in asset management, you need to have enough asset classes and competencies to be able to mix them together to create outcomes, and GE just provides an enormous new set of capabilities for us to compete more effectively in that world. And so, I would say it's ETFs, it's not necessarily single asset class products that we'll deliver to the marketplace, but this notion of solutions is going to continue to be a key theme in the asset management world, and I think we're well positioned and the GE transaction just puts us over the top with regard to capabilities that we can leverage across our global institutional distribution system to continue to grow. So I do feel like we're passing through a period here where we're getting our costs better aligned for the realities of today. We're moving digitally which is where the future is going to be with regard to the clients' needs, and I'd say asset management is going through a similar transition.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, I'll give you a quick one, Geoff, which it's progressing nicely and I would expect in pretty short order, we would have something to report, so we're getting near the end of the process and I'm pleased with the way the process is going.
Joseph L. Hooley: I'd say we're looking for a world-class CFO of a financial institution, and fortunately the – what I've found, and you never know, but in this case it's encouraging, is that the State Street brand still has enormous pull in the marketplace. I think people like our story, like our prospects for moving through this regulatory environment. Like the growth story, so we're going to have good choices.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure, I would say you've got to decompose the components, Gerard, and I would say your lead-in was completely accurate and appropriate, in that we are, I would say, disproportionately winning our share of the new business in the marketplace. And whether it's number one in ETFs, where we have close to a 70% share or U.S. mutual funds, where I referenced the offshore domiciles of Luxembourg and Dublin, on and on. What – the other things that move the needle on that service fee line would be flows and over the period of time that you've referenced, there have been outward flows in some higher yielding products like mutual funds, upward flows in ETFs. You have seen a retrenchment generally from emerging markets which have higher versus lower fees when you get to more traditional asset classes. So, I would say the effect of markets flows and new business are the ingredients which drive that line. And the part I'm most confident about is the new business, the flows we really don't control, but when they move from higher-yielding fee categories to lower-yielding and when they move from products that might be higher revenue products to lower revenue products, we don't influence that, and obviously the markets. So, I would say we think long-term that we are best positioned in those markets that will continue to grow. Things fluctuate over periods of quarters and years. But for us it's making sure that we continue to position against the most attractive clients in the segment and the most attractive segments and making sure that consistent with the Investor Day, that we're keeping our expenses in line, so that we can maintain our margin. And as the environment becomes more favorable for some of those products that I referenced, then we would assume that that would flow to the bottom line. We take a long view.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Jennifer, and thanks, everybody, for your time and attention today. We look forward to speaking with you at the end of the third quarter. Thanks.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Ashley. So first of all, I'd say from a liability pricing standpoint, we're really pleased with the success that we've had for the first six months of 2016. And at this point, I anticipate that that would continue into the second half of 2016. Specifically, we did increase the amount that we're charging for deposits, for example, in Europe when the ECB cut rates further in March. Obviously it's anybody's guess where the ECB will go from here, so it's a situation that we're watching carefully. But I would anticipate that we would look to move – at least in the near term, I would expect that we would move in lock-step with further changes with the ECB. So it's a situation that we're monitoring but I don't expect any change at this point from the pattern that we had good success with in the first half of the year. So as a result, I would expect that overall, the deposit levels that we saw in Q2 are likely to remain probably pretty close to that level over the remainder of the year. But again, it's a situation that's pretty fluid and one that we're watching pretty carefully.
Michael W. Bell: Okay. Thanks, Ken. First of all, I appreciate the positive commentary on Q2 and I think those comments are well-deserved. I think, start off broadly and then go to your specific question. We feel really good, Ken, about the job that we've done managing expenses in the first half of 2016 and primarily I would focus on two areas that we've talked about previously. The first, as you accurately pointed out, we have done a good job at replacing a significant amount of the outside consulting expend with full time employees. And that's a real good trade economically, and we also expect that that will build a more sustainable infrastructure going forward. So we're real pleased around that. Second, we're obviously real pleased with our success to-date here around project Beacon and as I alluded to in my comments, we were able to accelerate some of the savings for 2016 around project Beacon, specifically, we moved faster on management spans and layers than we had previously planned. We also captured more of the savings through the increase in straight-through processing that Jay described. So I think we've done a good job on all those fronts for the first half of the year. There are some specific areas that we expect upward pressure on expenses in the second half of the year, and there are three specifically, Ken, that I would highlight here. The first is, we're – we have known new business in the global servicing business and we will obviously staff to service that new business. And that includes for example, the Allianz business that we've talked about publicly. So that would be an example. Now, specifically tying that to your Other operating expense question, we will actually have some expenses in the Other operating expense category because part of that arrangement includes a transition services agreement. It's basically a lift-out deal and so we have some transition service expenses that will show up in the second half of the year in Other operating expenses related to that particular piece of new business. So that's one. Second, while I really feel good about what we've done in terms of managing regulatory spending, we are going to see some upward pressure in the second half of the year around regulatory spending, particularly as it relates to the recovery and resolution planning that's gotten so much press here. There's an October 1 deliverable that we're very focused on. There's also a July 1, 2017 deliverable that we're very focused on and that will inevitably push up the level of regulatory spend in the second half of the year. And then just for completeness, I would add that while we accelerated some Beacon savings into the second quarter, I do expect that we'll accelerate some Beacon investments in the second half of the year. So from a net-net standpoint, I would expect Beacon to entail additional spending in the second half of the year as compared to the second quarter run rate. Now, all of that needs to be thought about, Ken, in the context of positive fee operating leverage for the full year. We are absolutely as a management team riveted on achieving that for the full year. So for example, if the fee revenue environment looked softer than it is right now, we'd have to look even harder at expenses in the second half of the year.
Michael W. Bell: So first of all on the FX piece, it does resolve the U.S. litigation that we have. And we continue to expect that the overall accrual that we have set up, which is $585 million, will be sufficient for all known issues. But again, it was the U.S. piece in particular that we feel real pleased putting behind us with this announcement. On the billing piece, Ken, the main point that I would make there is that at this point, we've completed our calculations at the client level. And I cannot emphasize enough that was just an extraordinary amount of detail going back, invoices over 18 years, literally millions of invoices at the client level. And our previous calculation had been in aggregate. So this refinement caused the update to the accrual. And I mean at this point, we're confident in the calculations we've done at the client level. But we're now – the next step is really now underway as we speak, which is we're now reviewing this detail with the impacted clients. And that's really the next step ahead of us and again, in putting this prior-year issue behind us.
Michael W. Bell: Sure. Jim, It's Mike. So, I'd really prefer not to get into specific numbers around client-specific arrangements, but I think it's fair to say, Jim, that it's part of the overall upward pressure that I mentioned in my prepared remarks around operating expenses for the second half of the year, relative to Q2. Some of it is to support net new business, including the Deka Allianz win. Second would include the upward pressure, given what we need to do around RRP. And then, third is the additional Beacon investments. I'd rather not get into more detail. But I think it's fair to say, on the net new business, that we expect that to help fee revenue for the second half of the year, as well as be an area that we spend some money to service. So that's all thought of as we gave you the updated outlook for full year 2016.
Michael W. Bell: So Alex, its Mike. At this point, we're still maintaining the $550 million net savings target for the full program. So I would suggest that you think about this as accelerating it into 2016. Now, I would note that we have not changed our outlook for 2017, so we still expect that increment to remain intact. So, therefore, you could deduce it's the savings in the out-years that are being brought up, some brought into 2017 and then some of the 2017 and beyond into 2016. Particularly around the areas that I mentioned, the improvement in the straight-through processing and the reduction in management spans and layers. Again, this will be a program, Alex, that I suspect we'll continue to give you updates over the next several years. So, stay tuned. The main point I'd reinforce is, really are doing a nice job in terms of executing on this program, and I would expect that to continue.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Alex. Let me first reinforce the numbers that we talked about in the slide presentation. So, overall, for the first 12 months of the arrangement, so July 1, 2016 through June 30 of 2017, we expect the overall revenue contribution to be in the range of $270 million to $300 million. And while we haven't given you the specific expenses associated with it, given that we indicated that we expect this to be accretive in terms of overall EPS, and you can also look at the cost of the prefs that we issued in second quarter to essentially fund it, you can get a pretty good estimate of the first 12-month financial expectations for the overall arrangement. In terms of the Q3 contribution, we expect that the revenue for Q3 will be approximately $60 million, and we expect the contribution to pre-tax earnings, if we exclude the merger and integration cost, to be a modest positive. So think of it as something in the less than $5 million contribution here for Q3. So, in terms of where we go from Q3 to the following three quarters, I would note that we expect the expense synergies to really begin to materialize in Q4 and then ramp up further in Q1 and Q2 of 2017. And then, from a revenue perspective, we do expect to grow that $60 million in third quarter to something higher than that number in the first and second quarters of 2017, which is what gets you from a, call it a $240 million annualized number, in Q3, to something in the $270 million to $300 million range for the first full 12 months.
Michael W. Bell: Oh, no. That's truly just the contribution of the business organization itself, and it's actually a little less than $5 million. So think of it as a modest contribution. But again, importantly, we are highly confident in our ability to get synergies through the combination of this organization, which is really terrific. I mean, 270 terrific employees, a little over 100 institutional clients, a fair number of them are actually overlapped with State Street's client base in the past. So, again, we're really jazzed up about the synergies here.
Michael W. Bell: So, let's see, a number of questions there, Brian. First of all, let me give you an important data point here. On a year-to-date basis, our Beacon saves for year-to-date 2016, relative to the same year-to-date period in 2015, was approximately $75 million. So, essentially, I mean, if you doubled that, you'd get to $150 million. And, basically, that syncs up with the point that I was making, that we expect now the full-year savings to be approximately $140 million for full-year 2016, versus full-year 2015 starting point. So you can conclude from that arithmetic that we expect some additional net spending on Beacon as we invest in particularly some IT areas in the second half of the year, as compared to the quarter two expense base. So, from a run rate standpoint, I think you can think of it as we'll be leaving full year 2016 at something pretty close to our current expenses. And again, a little bit higher net Beacon spending pushing that. So the savings number for the full year being a little bit less than what you'd get if you doubled the year-to-date savings number. Again, in terms of 2017, I'm sure we'll provide additional updates between now and the beginning of 2017. I think the main point is that we still expect the 2017 savings to be on top of the $140 million of savings that we expect to achieve in full year 2016. So, it should give you confidence that the pace here is actually accelerated. And I wouldn't, at this point, try to either change the $550 million full program target, or to change the end date. But, again, it's something that I'm sure we'll continue to give you updates on in the future.
Michael W. Bell: Okay. So, Brian, in terms of the net interest revenue, I believe, if my recollection is right this morning, I think the 10-year is at about 1.55%. And so, what we've assumed in the updated NIR forecast that we gave you is static rates in the U.S., and then, likely some easing by the Bank of England, probably in August. And so, it's really the combination of the grind in the portfolio, as the existing portfolio rolls over and gets reinvested at lower rates, coupled with this likely easing in the UK, are obviously factors that are putting some negative pressure on the second half of the year net interest revenue. As it relates – actually, one other data point, before I forget it, in the Q2, we did note on slide 12 of the slide deck that we did have – it was actually four discrete securities prepay. So it was unscheduled redemptions in Q2. That contributed $5 million of positive NIR in Q2. We don't expect that to repeat in Q3 and Q4. So if you're really – if you're doing the modeling, I would suggest you sort of start with a $541 million rather than a $546 million. Again, just, it will help the modeling make more sense. Your last question around the debt. I don't expect at this point to have to issue additional long term debt just because of the RRP. Again, we're working on a longer term capital plan that does ultimately include compliance with the proposed TLAC requirements. Now, again, TLAC, at this point, is a proposal, not a final rule. But as it relates specifically to your point around RRP, I don't anticipate having to issue long term debt just because of RRP. But again, the whole RRP situation is a pretty fluid one, as you can imagine.
Michael W. Bell: Brennan, it's Mike, as we've talked about before, there are a number of things that can impact that calculation that you described. So I would – and actually in particular, the net new business has been positive here for a while. And as I talked about in the prepared remarks, we expect net new business to add to overall GS fees in the second half of the year relative to the Q2 run rate. But I wouldn't – again, please remember that only approximately 60% of the GS fee revenue is driven on basis points on assets. So, swings in the market, for example, can play havoc with the ratio that you're referencing.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, Brennan, First, I appreciate the compliment and we have had good success making that change that you described. I do expect that there will be a little bit of upward pressure on the comp and employee benefit line from the regulatory expenses but I think the majority will likely show up in other operating expenses, particularly given the very tight time frames that we're dealing with around the resolution and recovery planning in particular. I mean the October 1 deadline is very real, obviously, rapidly approaching, and as Jay indicated, the July 1, 2017 one is very meaningful as well. So for both of those reasons, I would expect that outside consulting expense will increase in Q3 and Q4.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Marty. Let me take both of those. First, from an efficiency standpoint, sure, I feel very positive that in the first half of 2016 compared to the first half of 2015, project Beacon generated $75 million of net savings. Now, we invested in there, but the point is, it contributed $75 million of net savings. And so I – yeah, I do believe that project Beacon has already shown that it's accretive in the near term. In addition, I would point to the success – as we've talked about with several of the other analysts, the success we've had in moving the regulatory expense to lesser expensive full-time employees rather than expensive outside consultants. I think that's also an important inflection point that has helped us. Now it doesn't mean that there isn't upward pressure on regulatory expense, particularly around RRP. But I do think that we've shown that we are executing on the plan that we had previously communicated which is to make that shift which ultimately saves us money. On the balance sheet restructuring, I do feel positive about where the balance sheet is positioned. I mean, I don't think we have to look any further than the results of the last CCAR that are now public to note that our mark-to-market sensitivity under the severely adverse scenario is quite a bit better than what it had done previously. And so that was an important step forward for us from a balance sheet restructuring. At this point, we're fully compliant with the LCR rules. So, yeah, I feel good about all of that. Now again, the one area that hasn't hit an inflection point yet is really market interest rates. I mean, maybe the Fed will increase again in the reasonable near future. But the – outside of the U.S., it's still been moving in a negative position. So that's the area that I would say we haven't yet hit the inflection point but I'd like to believe at least in the U.S., maybe that could come sooner rather than later.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, Betsy. It's Mike. Two items that would I highlight around that line item on our average rates earned and paid page. Two points impacted that favorably for the quarter. First of all, as you correctly pointed out, we did increase the amount of what we're charging for deposits at a greater pace than the cut, for example, in the ECB rate. So that helped that line item in particular, Q2 versus Q1, the greater amount that we were charging for European deposits in particular. Second though, it's a little bit of a funny nuance. We do have in any given quarter decisions to make around whether we swap the non-U.S. deposits into U.S. dollars and put them with the Fed or whether in fact we leave them outside the U.S. at central banks abroad. In particular, for a variety of technical reasons, we swapped less to U.S. dollars in Q2 than we had in Q1. And so what that meant was, the FX swap costs that we normally run through that line, that was a – there was a smaller charge for that in Q2 versus Q1. So it had a similar impact on the asset side as it did on the liability side, so no net impact to the NIM. And in fact you can see the decline in the interest bearing deposits with banks line item that is essentially the partial offset to that. But from an economic standpoint, the piece that I would focus on is the more disciplined liability pricing, particularly outside the U.S.
Michael W. Bell: Well, obviously it's a situation that we're monitoring very carefully. At this point, I don't expect that we would see even greater daylight for example in EMEA between what we are charging for deposits and for example the ECB rate. But again, it's a situation that we'll monitor carefully and if the ECB moves more negative, it's something that we'd have to look at carefully.
Michael W. Bell: Well, again, first of all, I would take that $5 million out. You see that in the ABS line, those were four discrete prepayments that I do not expect to repeat in Q3. So I would calculate the NIM with that $5 million out of there. And in terms of Q3 and Q4 outlook for NIM, unfortunately, the two main known-knowns are the likely reduction in the Bank of England rate and then just the continued grind in the portfolio as it rolls over if rates stay static. So, I'd say at least near term there is more near term downward pressure on NIM. But that's factored into the points that I made in the prepared remarks and the fact that we expect to be probably modestly above the upper end of the $2.025 billion to $2.125 billion range.
Michael W. Bell: Brian, it's Mike, at this point we really feel very positive about the size of the balance sheet and the success that we've had over the last five quarters in managing downward the overall level of excess deposits. So, they were up very modestly Q2 versus Q1 on average, but I don't at this point feel pressure to reduce those further in the second half of the year. And, with any good fortune here maybe in 2017 we'll get some additional Fed Fund increases, maybe even in December and that would probably reduce them further on their own without explicit action. But it's something obviously we monitor very carefully, and particularly in situations where there's potentially a flight to quality, it's something that we'd have to watch very carefully. But at this point, we're really comfortable with the overall size of the balance sheet and the level of excess deposits here in Q2.
Michael W. Bell: Sure, so let's see, a couple of different questions in there, Gerard. First, as I mentioned a couple times, we did have four specific securities that were in the asset backed securities category prepay in the second quarter, and the result of those four discrete securities prepaying in total, was a one-time boost to NIR in Q2 of $5 million. So I would urge you to wash that $5 million out of the ABS number. So if you do that, the 1.43% yield for ABS that you see on the average rates page would in fact be closer to flat with the 1.32% from the quarter before it. If you take that piece out, the main factors are the things that we've talked about, which are on the positive side, we've continued to do a very good job of liability pricing discipline and in fact, got some benefit from the higher level of charging for deposits in – for the euro deposits in particular. Going the other way though, was in fact the impact of the continued grind, where the maturing fixed rate assets tend to mature at a rate lower than the new fixed rate investment. So again, it's a moving picture, obviously, but I'd first wash out the $5 million and then those – the two points that I just made are the main factors for the quarter.
Michael W. Bell: Yeah, it has not changed materially. There has certainly been no material change in our philosophy there, Gerard. So again, it will fluctuate up and down in any given quarter but I wouldn't – we invest through the cycle, no change in philosophy.
