Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. While we're encouraged by the early signs that investor confidence in the U.S. is rebuilding, we remain cautious, especially around the uncertain environment in Europe. During the first quarter, the momentum in our core business returned. The increase in the core business was supported by the installations of new business won last year and new business wins in the first quarter. The flows into SSgA in the first quarter were very encouraging.  I'm also pleased with the growth in our ETF assets, which exceeded $300 billion as of March 31, 2012, up more than 12% from December 31, 2011.  We intend to continue to exercise expense control and to successfully execute on our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation Program.  Our capital position remains strong, allowing us to return capital to our shareholders in the form of increased common stock dividends and a substantial increase in our common stock purchase program.  Our outlook of cautious optimism for 2012 is restrained by the continued uncertainty in Europe. However, our pipeline of new business potential is very healthy and we expect to contribute to further growth in 2012.  Now Ed and I are prepared to take your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say a few things, Ken. The trading was up 3% sequential quarter. And the -- I would say the drivers were foreign exchange, pretty good performance against lowering volatility in the quarter. I think that was a question of just volumes. We saw our volumes go up Q4 to Q1. I think it's just the result of whether you can interpret share gains out of that. It's hard in that market. But we're pleased with the volume growth to offset the volatility shortfall. The brokerage line, I think it was up 7% sequential quarters. Transition management, which is, again, hard to get market share data in that segment of the market, but we think we're performing pretty well as far as capturing our share of transition. And then securities finance was really more a story of largely holding on to current outstanding and the LIBOR -- the 3-month LIBOR increase. So I think that roughly covers the transitional line items in the quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Ken -- I mean, sorry, Glenn. I would say that it has slowed it down, so I think that your question, I think, is pointed at custody consolidation in Europe. And we -- so the European banks, many European banks were under capital pressure and there's been a slow move towards recapitalize. I think there are some deadlines upcoming in 2012 which may create a stimulus for that. I think the one thing that we observed, not universally but in several cases, is that European banks who had custody books of business in 2011 were very concerned about funding and liquidity. And the custody banks, even though it might not be strategic with any universal banks, provide a stable source of funding. And therefore, I think there was a little bit of a slowdown. So you could say the LTRO potentially relieved that, with funding being provided by the ECB, maybe less pressure on the core funding. We would hope if that sustains itself, that it might unlock some of those properties in Europe. Haven't seen any recent evidence, but would expect that over time you'd see that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think we -- our asset management business is probably somewhat misunderstood and that there's a fair amount of quantitative active within that $2-trillion-ish pool of assets that we manage. And we think that's a growing segment, the quant active scientific, if you can use those terms. With regard to kind of fundamental active, we have very little. As you recall, we acquired Bank of Ireland's Asset Management business, which gave us a little bit of fundamental active. That's been a good transaction for us. We've been able to leverage our institutional distribution to grow that. We'll continue to selectively look at different asset classes, whether they be active or fundamental active, as I interpret your question, or other places where we have gaps. I think that as I look at the franchise, as you point out, it's got a solid footing in the passive space. I think ETFs gives us another vehicle to create a little bit more product creativity within asset management. And I think we also have, as a core competency, great institutional distribution and some emerging intermediary distribution through the ETFs. So if we can, through acquisition, was your question, selectively acquire asset classes that we think we can leverage up and distribute through our distribution system, we think that would be a smart thing to do.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think the way you should look at it, Alex, is that we want to have some capacity to execute on acquisitions in a world that we think is going to deliver attractive opportunities. Whether it's the European banking situation, whether it's selectively in the asset management world, we think we're well situated to maintain that flexibility. And we think by increasing the dividend and authorizing -- the board authorizing a buyback, we're providing some relief to shareholders. On the other hand, we think it's prudent to stay flexible given what's likely to be an opportunistic future from the standpoint of acquisitions. And we think we struck that balance.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we would -- we don't see anything that caused us to believe we won't see that cyclical second quarter, positive cyclical second quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I think it's -- probably the best explanation for that, Mike, is the re-risking which underlies the issue of servicing fees and growth. We actually saw intra-quarter growth from front to back. And so I think the 2% probably is light if you were to average the back end of the quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean I think if you assume that equity markets keep the same pace as the first quarter, you'd expect that there is some lag effect which would filter into the second quarter.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, we have broadly -- I mean, it's hard to pick a line item. But we say 10% equity markets, 2% revenue growth on a total basis. And that -- so you look at the asset management side of the business and we're up 17% sequentially. So 2% seems a little light, but I don't think extraordinarily light given the trend, intra-quarter, that I mentioned.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think -- let me start with that and Ed can jump in. I think that I'd point to 2011, which was really the first year that the IT and ops really had an effect. And we were able to drive the comp-to-revenue ratio down, very focused on it. In the first quarter, we have the seasonal expense, which we've spoken about. So I think between internal focus, execution of IT and ops, which we have high confidence in, we think with moderate revenue growth, we should be able to drive that down again this year.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, sure, Brian. Let me try to give you a little color. From a mix standpoint, nothing really extraordinary. We commented on the Australian superannuation business where we've made nice strides in the last 6 months. That's kind of a typical mix. We also had a big deal around real estate administration. Again, shouldn't have been a real change in mix. So I don't think mix was dramatically different within the quarter. I think that there was the lag effect of when people were re-risking. I think that had some effect. And regarding pricing, I would say that we continue to, almost quarter-to-quarter, get more aggressive or more aligned around pricing strategies with our customers. So in the last couple of quarters, you've seen some effect, but we would expect that as we continue to make sure that all of our relationships are appropriately priced, that pricing will be a -- more of a factor in time. So I don't think you can point to the quarter and say pricing was a factor, but I would leave with you the notion that we're pretty focused on pricing and we would expect over time to that -- for that to be a contributing positive.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say, again, all else equal, we continue to see good markets. All of those things. The mix may be a little lesser effect. But other than that, yes, I think that's probably a fair assumption.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me give you the strategic response to that and then if Ed has anything, he can add. Our strategy has been to -- we've got a broad range of FX offerings, and -- is to drive volume. And we can drive volume not only in existing customers, but in -- in existing servicing customers, but in non-servicing customers because of the variation of foreign exchange offerings that we have. So I think you can see some of that in the first quarter where we're driving volume in the case of this quarter outrunning volatility changes. We would hope over time that, in the mix shift from indirect to direct or other electronic means, that we could overrun -- outrun that with volume. So that's what we're attempting to do. And, Ed, I don't know if you'd...
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, John, we have started to see some of that. In fact, this quarter, we introduced a couple of new products. They tend to be data- and analytics-oriented new products and services, which were enabled based on moving to the cloud environment. So I think it's early days. But the evidence is quite strong that in the cloud environment, we'll be able to not only improve the speed with which we deliver new services, but the flexibility around information and analytics services which are in great demand by our customers. We should be able to be a little bit more creative and innovative on the information side. And we did introduce, I think, 2 products, in particular, in the first quarter that fit that bill. So I think, appropriately, the IT and ops transformation is focused on executing against the cost saves. But your question just -- does draw out a point, which is we think it's transformational because we think that we're doing something that no one else in this custody group is doing and it will, over time, enable us to differentiate more on the product side, and we see evidence of that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, it's -- unfortunately, the mix is so varied, whether it's alternative, whether it's long-only, whether it's U.S., non-U.S., whether it has a middle office component. It's hard to isolate those variables to give you a clear direction on that. Our strategy is to, as you know, by our 80% of new revenues coming from existing customers, to cross-sell a wide variety of products and services. And we think over time, if we do that and customers are successful and assets grow, not only will we be the beneficiary of the revenue growth, but we can also further penetrate some of the transactional service fees. But it's hard to isolate specifically for that question. Thanks, John. We look forward to talking to all of you at the end of the second quarter call. Thanks.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, it's what we're targeting, Ken. And you're right. I mean it is largely predicated on revenue. We said at Investor Day that assuming revenue grew modestly, that would be our target for the year, to bring it down to around 39.2% for the full year. We -- obviously, we're cognizant of the first quarter step-up, which is just timing, when we made that comment in February. We're proceeding with the ops and IT transformation as we indicated on the call and we're going to target around 39.2%, plus or minus a bit, even recognizing the first quarter step-up, which was significant because of the early retirement accounting.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean, our thinking for the year, Glenn, full year 2012, is that we basically have the excess deposits that we had in the fourth quarter. So from $23 billion on average down to, let's say, around $11 billion or so for the full year, okay? And it was predicated on that, that we gave you the 145 to 155 and said that -- for NIM guidance, and said that if the deposits stuck around longer, we'd be toward the lower end of that range. And obviously, the converse is true. If they leave more quickly, we'll probably be toward the higher end of that range. So I'd say moving from $23 billion down to $18 billion, we're maybe 1/3 to 1/2 of the way there based on our expectations for the full year. But it can move around, obviously, depending on sentiment. But it seemed like there was some thawing, some improvement, as you note, in the first quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, $1.7 billion is taking out the early retirement accounting effect, Alex. Is that what you're -- I'm assuming there.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, right. I mean, we're assuming that the business will grow this year. We haven't put a revenue guideline out there for you, as you know. We are assuming some level of growth, so there'll be some related expense growth associated with that. And that's factored into our progression for the year. We also expect, as we noted, to get in about another $90 million, $94 million of savings from the ops and IT program. That will be principally in the -- as a reduction to salary and benefits line, which is part of our planning for moving that comp-to-revenue ratio down over the year. So I mean the progression from the starting point of $1.7 billion, as you said, is really a function of what the revenue growth is. I mean, we have, as I said, plans to grow the company. We're not planning on staying flat or down for the year. But I mean, it's hard to give you even a range for the year based on the potential variability of what the revenue outcome is. But I would say that if you started at $1.7 billion, you'll be probably looking at tracking up a little bit from that as we assume our revenue growth comes in per quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I think, net -- yes, that's our thinking, again assuming that revenue grows modestly for the year, as we said. And that's consistent with our thinking on the comp-to-revenue ratio again.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we can't get too far into our plans for that. But we're going to -- the way to look at the buyback is the remaining 3 quarters of this year and then the first quarter next year, which is the new piece of the program for this year versus last year. So for the remainder of this year, the plan is around $1.35 billion of stock to be bought back, with the remainder in the first quarter of next year. That was the program that we put out. And we'll act opportunistically within the constraints of the marketplace...
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean there are requirements to -- based on volume, as you know, and there's also the particulars of the plan that we submitted to the Fed and the Fed did not object to it. So it's not something where we can just all decide if we wanted to, to front-load it to an extremely large degree, let's say that.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean I'd just repeat what I said earlier, Mike. I mean, I think that the math, depending on what level of revenue you want to pick, is in the right range. I think the earlier question was somebody saying 39% in future quarters. But clearly, it's got to be below 40% in a meaningful way to drive to 39.2% for the full year. It's something that we're focused on. And as Jay said, it's something that we delivered on last year. If you recall, the sequential quarter decline in the comp-to-revenue ratio was something that we targeted and we delivered and we brought it to 39.2% -- I'm sorry, 40.2% for the full year. So it's something that we believe we're going to get. And relative to my statement about revenue, I mean revenue, obviously, is a piece of the function here. So my only comment there is that if revenue were, for some reason, and we don't anticipate this to be soft, okay, in a meaningful sort of way, that revenue would be a significant challenge for us to get for the full year. But again, we don't anticipate revenue being soft and we are planning on modest growth and will drive to the 40 -- the 39.2% approximately for the full year.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, just on indirect, Brian, it's clearly something that we're focused on, as are other people, given the publicity around it. We had a $4-million to $5-million sequential quarter decline in Q3 -- in Q4 from Q3. This quarter, actually, the indirect revenue picked up to bit. So there's no -- there's clearly no evidence of a trend from Q4 to Q1. But it is something that we're monitoring. The business overall, though, is performing pretty well and we'll keep you posted as to if any trends from a client standpoint develop.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, I mean that number, as we've said many times, can move around. But I think if you're thinking in the range of $70 million to $75 million for kind of a "normalized level" for that line, that's probably a good range to pick, Brian.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, it was all related to our decision to exit a fixed income trading initiative that we had looked at in the last couple of years, Andrew. So on a go-forward basis, given that we're done with the exit, there should be no effect to that line for those types of market value adjustments.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, yes -- no, that is fair. I just answered that to a question previously. But yes, I think if you strip out the fourth quarter and first quarter impact of this exiting that we undertook, yes, $70 million to $75 million is probably a good estimate for that line on a normalized basis. I mean that line can move around, as we've said. But that's probably a good range.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, again, I think it's, in large part, a function of how the revenue picture unfolds for the full year. And as we've said, if revenue does not grow in a robust way, operating leverage will be a difficult thing for us to achieve, with obviously the opposite being true, that if revenue grows 10-plus, 12-plus percent on an annual basis, the operating leverage should move rather easily onto the page. So I think it's too early to say what our prediction is for the full year, Andrew, but at a relatively modest level of revenue growth, I think it's fair to say that operating leverage will be difficult to achieve on a full year basis, assuming the market-driven revenues continue to be in something of a trough.
