Joseph Hooley: Thanks, Ed. In 2010, we took some significant steps that are expected to positively impact our company for the next several years. The new technology and business initiative will support our global growth but very importantly, will enhance our service and increase our operating efficiency. It represents a significant advance in our business operating model. And as I mentioned, we'll provide more details at our February Investor and Analyst Forum.  In addition, the investment portfolio reposition improves our flexibility in deploying capital, and also positions us very well for the implementation of Basel III capital requirements, far ahead of their required implementation dates.  Looking at our revenue outlook, the momentum we've enjoyed in Servicing Fee revenue appears to be continuing, with $390 billion in assets yet to be installed in 2011, a very strong pipeline and excellent early success in cross-selling services to our two newly acquired companies, Intesa and Mourant. We also have expectations that the Bank of Ireland Asset Management business will bring cross-sell opportunities.  In asset management, State Street Global Advisors continues to position itself to benefit from increased demand from passive strategies, ETF investments and defined contribution plans. The improvement in trading services revenue in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter is a hopeful indication that global markets are starting to repair. Our industry continues to face pressure from the low level of worldwide administered rates, which are expected to continue to affect net interest revenue this year and impact spreads in the Securities Finance business. Given the continued uncertainty in the global economy and in the capital markets, we are not providing a view on earnings per share for 2011. However, I believe we've given you enough outlook on our various business segments to guide you in forming your expectations. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance in 2010, and believe that we're very well-positioned to continue to drive growth on our core businesses in 2011 and beyond.  Now, Ed and I are happy to take your questions.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I would say you should look at that as continued momentum, and I would say that not only about servicing fees generally, well-diversified U.S., non-U.S., across asset classes, but also the specific comment about the middle office or investment operations, we see no let up. And in fact, I would predict that'll go the other way as more outsourced middle office and more credibility gets established in the outsourcing of middle office, we'll see more demand. And we have seen more demand. I'd also tell you that in my observation, most of the big deals, three quarters of the big deals have a middle office component these days so it also would suggest that particularly in the upper end of the market, institutions are getting more comfortable with outsourcing a deeper level of administration and record keeping, all of which I think is quite positive to our story.
Joseph Hooley: Sure, happy to do that, Ken. As we stated, we've put our submission in towards the end of the year, the capital plan review, as you stated. We think we're in very strong position given the repositioning we did in December relative to capital adequacy. Priorities, clearly, to reinstate the dividend, we'd like to get that back to where we were before we pull back on the dividend. And then from there, it's really a matter of, as you pointed out, buybacks versus the use of capital for acquisitions. And I would say, I'm reasonably optimistic that we're going to see some acquisition opportunities as we go into 2011. As you've heard me say before in the Trust and Custody side of our business, acquisition candidates largely sit in Europe, and I think that as the European scenario plays out with banks, I continue to think that we'll see opportunities for acquisitions. And depending on price and other factors, we would probably view that as constructive long term for the stock.
Joseph Hooley: I guess, the other piece, Alex, to your question, the $575 million to $625 million run rate savings. There's some of that in '11, but the bulk of that savings starts to ramp up in '12, '13 and '14, and we'll take you through that in a little more detail in the February analyst meeting.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I would say, John, probably more the latter, which is generally, as you see equity markets behave like they did in the last half of the quarter, that's a signal of more risk-taking, more cross-border assets, which ultimately gives us greater opportunity for volume in the foreign exchange we execute for our customers. So I think it's largely volume-related as a consequence of good markets, good equity markets in the fourth quarter. I think from a standpoint of gaining share, which is the other way, I think, to ask your question, we think we're doing well. But mostly, volume and a little bit of volatility-related is what drove the upside. So the follow-on would be if equity markets continue to behave positively, then we'd expect that foreign exchange would perform well.
Joseph Hooley: ' Sure. It's difficult to predict, I would say, the acquisition opportunities come when they come. And we're always looking at a number of different things across our business lines. My own view is that if you go back to, some of our principal acquisition targets would be European-based banks with subscale custody books of business, not unlike the Intesa transaction that we executed in 2010. And I would predict, given the bank uncertainty that we'll see opportunities presented to ourselves over the next year or two. So I think the acquisitions will be more front-ended. And if they come and they look attractive and they're in the right space and they are priced right, then we'll be aggressive.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. I think it's always hard to translate the $390 million, which is the amount of asset service that are yet to be implemented in 2011. I think that probably the better way to look at it is look at the momentum in the service fee line over the last couple of quarters, and I would suggest that the momentum will continue, both based on the outstanding mandates yet to be installed plus the robustness of the new business pipeline.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I mean, the ETF marketplace, you rightly said, is growing rapidly. We're in the middle of that game. We're a leader, we're investing heavily to introduce new products. We review the opportunities outside the U.S. as better than inside the U.S. and we would even favor Asia, which is almost nascent from an ETF penetration standpoint. So we see opportunity across the board. It's a game of innovation, bringing out new products that can generate good fees and growth. I think the ETF marketplace historically has been one of first to market, has a huge advantage. So being able to innovate, bringing out new strategies, introducing them quickly and gaining market share is the way you look at it. But we're very positive and optimistic about the continued growth in our current position.
Joseph Hooley: I would say, I don't know if you recall back, earlier this year, we partnered with Nuveen. Nuveen has an expertise in municipal bond management and we packaged some municipal ETFs, where Nuveen was the manager, we were the distributor. We're always looking at ways where we can take the infrastructure that we built around ETFs and bring more likely investment product versus distribution. So yes, we're open and always having discussions about how we can leverage the position we have in the ETF market.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, geographically, it could be an investment play as well as a distribution play. Currently, we think that because it's such a nascent market that we have a good chance to establish a beachhead and do that on our own, but we would entertain, if there's ways to get there quicker with partnerships, we're always open to those discussions.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I want to say we were $1.1 trillion, so $1.1 trillion goes to $1.4 trillion in '10. The U.S./non-U.S. mix, if directionally, if we're 60/40, it's probably -- my guess is 50% of it is outside the U.S. So disproportionately outside the U.S. by some amount. I would also offer that it's pretty well diversified, which is encouraging. Not only by geography, but pension funds, alternatives, which I continue to mention on these calls is a segment of the market that seems like it's regained its luster, hedge funds in particular.
Joseph Hooley: Well, I think it's situation dependent. But we have a deep share in most of these markets. We have, I think, the most comprehensive product coverage depending on what they're considering, whether it's middle office all the way through to shareholder record keeping in some cases. And I think it's reputation. I think that we're viewed as, and some of the surveys bear this out, as the quality provider in most of these segments. So it’s product capability and reputation for executing.
Joseph Hooley: I just think there is uncertainty. We went through several of the uncertain aspects that affect our business. And I also think it's probably more productive for both of us to give you a sense of how we're thinking about different revenue line items and what affects those line items that are subject to market volatility, and leave it at that. I just think it's the more prudent way to go forward given some of the uncertainty.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I would say to that, Andrew, in a normal environment, I still believe that the long-term financial targets that we've put out there are intact. Now having said that, there’s a revenue target of 8% to 12%, EPS, of 10% to 15%. There's also a return on equity target of 14% to 17% and until this capital requirement settles down, it's going to be hard to recalibrate. So I would say again, the ROE target is going to be subject to recalibration once capital requirements settle. And hopefully that will be in the first half of this year.
Joseph Hooley: Thanks, everybody. And I look forward to seeing you at the February analyst call in just a few short weeks. Thank you.
Edward Resch: I think it's more in the line of just finishing out the year. We obviously accrue every quarter based on what we think the year is going to be and how the company is performing, and the uptick in the fourth quarter was just reflective of that. I wouldn't necessarily call it seasonality you can expect every year. It just depends on how the results ultimately fall out. In terms of thinking about it over the longer term, I'd point you back to how we think about it, again, over the longer term, not necessarily every year, which is compensation in total as a function of total revenues. And that should be in the range of 40%.
Edward Resch: Yes, part of the pattern that NIM exhibits this year, Ken, will be a function of how quickly we're able to reinvest. We have a large task in front of us this year, given the portfolio repositioning and the normal run-off and maturities of the portfolio. We estimate we have about $26 billion to re-invest, a portion of which we already got behind us subsequent to the transaction that we did in the portfolio, repositioning transaction we did. But we still have a much larger amount than normal to re-invest this year. So it depends, is the answer. And it depends in large part on what we see as the availability of high-quality securities that we want to invest in. Our expectation is that supply in 2011 of those types of securities could be less than they were in 2011. Certainly, we expect them to be below pre-crisis levels. And the pattern on NIM is largely dependent on the pace with which we invest. Obviously, if the curve were to flatten and our assumptions in the rate environment don't pan out, there's a risk to that level of NIM. I would say it's probably more toward the lower end than going through the lower end if the curve flattens, but it depends on to what extent it flattens. If we have more continued concerns in Europe, and we have Europe as part of our investment strategy, that could also affect some of the pace with which we invest this year, which could lower NIM toward the 155 basis point level earlier in the year. And the converse of some of those statements that I just made is true. If we see better supply than what we're thinking and we're able to re-investment more quickly, we could be at the top end of the NIM range more quickly this year. So it's a long answer to a question, but it's not something that is something we have within our control totally.
Edward Resch: Not necessarily. Maybe the risk is more to the downside from 4Q, but we're talking 1.65 for the fourth quarter's NIM. So probably more risk to the downside, but not a lot, I’d say.
Edward Resch: Yes, I mean, all of our comments can reflect the effect of the recent reduction in staff, okay. So when we make a comment about we think expenses could be pressured for those factors that you mention, that's within the context of us recognizing the positive effect on expenses of the reduction that we already undertook.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, from a planning standpoint, our intention always is to go into a year targeting positive operating leverage on an annual basis.
Edward Resch: Well, I mean, I don't want to get too far down the path of committing to a quarterly run rate number on expenses. But I think that the add-on of approximately $50 million to $100 million, as well as the lack of insurance recovery that we plan is a good starting point to think about next year's expenses. But we don't know specifically what the regulatory cost incrementally will be, whether it's $50 million or $100 million, or something even more or a little bit less than that. Just don't know yet. So I mean, that's an important element to the thinking about what the quarterly expenses could be. In terms of the transformational work that we're doing both in operations and IT, we said when we announced the plan that we expected a slight benefit to our 2011 expenses. That is also reflected in our comments on our expense expectations for next year. The principal driver of that was already addressed in an earlier question, which is the reduction-in-force effect, which will obviously reduce personnel expenses in 2011.
Edward Resch: Yes, I can take you through that. And I'll take you from Basel I to Basel III, both sets of numbers are what we published, okay. And putting aside the capital-related adjustments, which I guess you get, there are basically four categories of adjustments the risk-weighted assets going from Basel I to Basel III: First, there is, in our case, an addition to ops risk, operational risk, and that's a model-based number that needs to be added in; secondly, there's a benefit for us, which is relative to credit risk. Given the lower risk weights and the very high quality of our investment portfolio, there's actually a reduction from Basel I in arriving at the risk-weighted assets total. Thirdly, there's an increase in risk-weighted assets associated with securities rated below BB-, that's the so-called securitization deduction. And lastly, there's an add-on for off-balance sheet risk-weighted assets for, in our case, standby purchase agreements. So all four of those categories drive the risk-weighted assets from Basel I to Basel III to a higher level.
Edward Resch: Well, I don't think we want to go to that level of granularity on this call. But when we move forward, I think we'll probably get a little more granular, maybe at the Investor Day.
Edward Resch: Yes, I mean, I think the two broad categories of the expense increases we see are potential increases in FDIC-related fees. And depending on how that ultimately sorts out, whatever it is, it more likely than not will be a permanent run rate-type of expense, at least over the shorter, intermediate term. And then the other category of expenses are, I would say, probably more temporary in nature, which are costs, as we think of it mainly personnel and professional services and consultants to implement the various aspects of study and implement the various aspects of Dodd-Frank.
Edward Resch: Well, it's not really parallel systems, it's professional services, consulting help, legal advice, et cetera. I mean, I guess it depends, but certainly, for most of 2011, I wouldn't expect it spilling much over if we're right in our estimates of how long it's going to take to assess all this and figure it out in detail that it would spill over significantly into 2012.
Edward Resch: Well, to answer the last question first, as we sit here right now, no, it's not on the table. I mean, we think we've achieved the right level of optimization, Howard, which is how we thought about the transaction. And we started off by thinking about the securities as well we've always thought about them, which is to say, that they were performing. We were comfortable with them. We thought we had a pretty well-situated portfolio. But as we looked into the future, we tried to optimize among several variables. First, we wanted to obtain the highest level of capital flexibility we could at the lowest cost. We wanted to sell the securities that, while we were comfortable with them, were in our assessment and our advisors' assessment, were potentially most "at risk" of OTTI future downgrades. Important to note there, Howard, that we did not just sell all the lower-rated securities. We sold some investment grade-rated securities that we thought were at risk as part of the transaction. And then lastly, we wanted to have the lowest impact on 2011's earnings and the lowest loss to our shareholders on the sale. So we tried to optimize among those several variables when we came up with the final selection that we ultimately sold.
