Eric Aboaf: Brennan, it's Eric. The guidance is effectively as a combination at the end of the year. And obviously, if there's large dislocations between then and now, we factor it in. I think you'd say equity markets are up. Volatility still, though, on -- and trading is still pretty light. We've not seen that big January uptick that I think we used to see four or five years ago. Interest rates have been, call it, puttering around. So I don't think there's a lot that's really changed, and this is an outlook effectively based on what we see now. I think as I described, there's some basis, just the usual seasonality like in Charles River, which peaks in fourth quarter just because of the cycle of sales that's come through and then dip in first quarter. We have some visibility into servicing fees. Asset management fees, I noted will take a bit of a step down. Trading, we'll see. So it's kind of a combination that we're looking at.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Brennan, I'd just add the kind of quantitative side to this is, remember, most of our fee schedules in the servicing business are based off of averages, average for a quarter or multiple months within a quarter or what have you. And so it's worth just remembering that if you take through the depreciation, stock market indices, and I think there is a good table on the top right of Page 6 in our slide deck, the S&P -- and this is 4Q to 4Q. But if you think about it on a full year basis, which I think a number of you have, the S&P was up 29% and the period -- end-of-period, that feels great. But the average was up only 6%, right? The EAFE average point-to-point was up 18%. On average, it was actually down 4%. So it's really the averages that are factoring through. And I just encourage you to think about those as you think about modeling the servicing fee effects. And in addition, those are what the -- but what we focus on, both from a -- as we think about the calculation of the servicing fees, but also what the clients think about as part of the billing process.
Eric Aboaf: Sure, Glenn. It's Eric. Let me start. Deposit initiatives were something that we really began to focus on late in fourth quarter of 2018, I think I'd say, and then it's been an intense effort for 4 or 5 quarters now. And it really is in response to thinking about how do we serve our clients with our balance sheet. Now as you say, sometimes it's deposits, sometimes it's cash money market sweeps into Guest Manager. Sometimes it's some of the sponsored repo that we do. So there's a series of different areas. I don't think it's particularly -- the results of those initiatives on a year-on-year basis are north of $10 billion of deposits, tend to be more on the interest-bearing side because that's what's discretionary. It's come in probably three buckets. The largest of the buckets is working with our custody clients and thinking about how to serve them on their discretionary cash. Sometimes it's the asset managers. Sometimes it's insurers. Sometimes it's the pension funds. So that's been -- that's probably been the biggest piece. We've also, I think, built up over time a book of corporate deposits. Because remember, not only do we have partners and suppliers for corporations, but because of our custody of the pension plans, right, we have often an introduction from the pension -- the defined benefit pension plans or 401(k) plan into the corporate treasurer. And so that creates a natural access. And then the third bucket is we always supplement with a little bit of CDs or broker deposits, but I think that's been probably the smallest of this of the three buckets. So those are the kind of initiatives we've taken. They've been, I think, material in terms of continuing to build our balance sheet, which then lets us -- provides enough oxygen, in effect, for us to build our loan book, our investment portfolio, our trading book. And so that's kind of part of how we think about running the bank. And then specific to your question of what have been better, different, lower, higher because of quantitative easing or not, I don't think the initiatives would have been particularly different. I do think there is more deposits in the system, in the banking system, and we've seen some of that probably starting in the second half of the third quarter in that kind of period when the Fed began to intervene and into fourth quarter. It's hard to dimension how much there is, but you and I both read the Fed H.8 reports, and that kind of gives you a little bit of an indication.
Eric Aboaf: Glenn, it's Eric. It's -- I think, as Ron said, it's a mix. It's -- well, it's a mix of fee rate and it's a mix of timing. And as you could see, it could be installed where it's high a quarter ago. It's high again this quarter. And so sometimes this installs more quickly. Sometimes more slowly. So just -- I know it's hard to model. I just encourage you to put a big band around it.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Ken. It's Eric. You're right that -- you're asking the volume question and the rate question. So maybe -- let me do that in that order. I think from a volume perspective, the two drivers that we see in this business are firstly, the amount of wins that we have in custody and accounting because those typically come with those residual deposits that -- the frictional deposit in the system. So those will come based on the kind of the win rates that we have and some of the installation. I think the other one is the deposits in the system and I think we've clearly seen a bit of an uptick quarter-over-quarter based on the bank-wide data as well as some of the -- some of what you've seen in our results and a couple of the other banks that you've all seen that in the Fed statistics. I think the question is, what happens to deposits in the banking system over the next year? Did we just -- did the Fed in effect with its easing process over the last four, five, six months get us to a new level and then we just go back to the slow build off of that or is there going to be more or less Fed activity and I'll leave that one to -- for you to think about. I think that one is the uncertainty. So we do expect some amount of modest deposit growth. I think the -- what we're careful on, on deposits and we still expect to see is some amount of continued rotation from noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing or interest-bearing into treasuries because you're seeing that in the underlying asset holdings of our clients in the industry. And as we think about the volume of deposits going forward, we've been comforted that there have been three quarters in a row of stable noninterest-bearing deposits. But I'll remind you, third quarter and fourth quarter of 2018 actually saw an uptick in noninterest-bearing deposits, and then it fell by -- it fell significantly in the first quarter of 2019 from 4Q 2018. So we're hesitant to think that we're -- we've gotten to a sea change. We like to see a flattening of that line, but we're hesitant to call that a sea change just yet, which is why we do think there will be some continued rotation in the coming quarters and year. I think from a rate standpoint, it's everything you'd expect as long rates still have a negative effect on a full year basis again. So long rates, I guess I should say, long rates have a negative effect as the tractor of the investment portfolio plays through. And unless long rates pop up 30, 40, 50 bps, you still have that playing through to a negative. You have the short rates are -- kind of have been reset, and so we're going to -- it's going to take 3 or 4 quarters to lap ourselves, and so you have that effect playing through. And then you have some -- as we think about the first quarter, as an example, you've got some transactional impacts, right, as we call those perhaps, we replace them with long-term debt, right, because we have TLAC requirements. And so in effect, I end up with a higher net income, but the -- I get it -- we get higher available to common, but we also have a -- also have more interest expense because of how the P&L accounting is for us. So anyway, I'm hoping I covered most of it there.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Ken, fair question. But obviously, we're -- any kind of decision by us around CCAR about interim capital actions is something that we just don't have an ability to telegraph beforehand or to really discuss. I'd just tell you, we always look at the full range of what we can do. We're always conscious that there are periods immediately after CCAR where one tends to have an opportunity. It gets a little more delicate in the first quarter. So let me just leave it at that. It's the kind of thing where I don't think timing matters a ton about when we take our capital actions, but the -- but we are looking at, obviously, the change in the leverage rules and then importantly, we need to see how the SCB comes through. And that's -- that I think we'll know in the coming weeks, and then we'll start to gear up for these -- for our annual CCAR process.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, Alex. It's Eric. I think there are a couple of probably elements here that are going through the deposit costs on the U.S. side and then the non-U.S. side. And the page for those of you on the phone probably best to look through is the financial addendum that we have, page 7 there's a detailed sort of average balance sheet table of the last eight quarters for everyone. On the U.S. side, you see our deposit costs came down, I think, a nice 19 basis points. Most of that is on the U.S. fee side. Obviously, this is a domicile view, not the currency view, but it's indicative. And that's really the effect of that October rate cut and the full quarter effect of that coming through, adjusted for our mix of pricing and so forth. And so I think you see the right sort of betas in that kind of 50% range that we've been seeing flowing through that line. The non-U.S. domicile is a little messier. Part of what you see there -- and that one fell, those interest -- that interest expense fell more than you would naturally expect. It actually went from a positive interest expense to a credit in effect. Part of that was, remember, the ECB move, and we moved as well. We actually -- our beta was -- on that ECB move just as we had this begin to normalize NIM in the international markets as other banks are doing as well, given that it seems like it's going to be negative, not for a temporary period, but for the foreseeable future. And so we're beginning to -- I think the banking industry is beginning to reset what kind of NIM should be earned on deposits because of that change. And then we also have less in the FX swap costs and so we had less swap expense, which then goes through that line of the P&L and that we have in the footnotes, and that just bounced around a bit with the costs being on the interest-earning asset side.
Eric Aboaf: Alex, it's Eric. Let me start on that because I think it's something that we've obviously been thinking through the markets. When we set those up with the markets at a certain point, they worked against us, both on the equity market side, which has largely bounced back. Now we need to kind of -- it's going to take a few more quarters to get to a place where we're pleased, and that was in our outlook. But it was also at a time when NII, right, was expected to go up, and NII has actually gone the other way. And I think I mentioned in one of the conferences late last year that, that change in NII cost us effectively two points of margin. That said, that's just information. I think when we think about how we need to run this business, we still need to drive towards those targets and drive to those targets at pace. And I think we've been clear that at the time we set those, the pretax margin was in the 28% range. And I tell you, we're at 26% now. We need to -- we've got plans to get to 27%, 28% and 29% and ultimately get that three handle or the 30% handle on margin because we think this is a business that should operate at that level. And I think if you work through some of our guidance for this year, you see us making headway on margin, driving revenues up and expenses down. And I think you'd continue to expect that kind of leverage. Operating leverage and margin expansion is kind of tantamount and kind of a fundamental part of our planning process. So we're standing by those targets. We think they're important, and they were well set and those are -- that's where we're headed.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, this is Eric. Let me add a little bit of a quantitative kind of estimations of the kind of Ron's summary there. So on pricing, I think, as he said, historically, there's always been a two percentage point or so headwind on pricing per year over the last couple of decade. Two years ago, we saw that tick up 4% kind of headwind. That was kind of 2017, 2018. And then last year, if you think about 2018 to 2019, that was also 4% headwind, roughly speaking. And then I think we've described how we've been marching through a set of renegotiations and resetting of pricing over that kind of 8 to 10 quarter time period. As we look into our book of business and think about this coming year, what's factored into our outlook is approximately 3% pricing headwinds, so down from the 4%. And we've got some visibility, good visibility into first quarter and second quarter. And so that's factored into our outlook on servicing fee on a full year basis. To your point of where does mix come out, mix comes out in how we describe client flows and activity, and it's been relatively neutral. Activity is up a little bit with clients. Kind of transactional activity that flows, you're right, tend to work the other way around. So that's been a more neutral effect in aggregate relative to past history where it's been a slight positive of a point or two. And then finally, on first quarter, you asked -- I'll just remind you that what I guided to on fees for the quarter was down 2% to 3% in aggregate for fees. The downdrafts that I noted were in management fees and in CRD. And so by omission, I didn't really cover servicing fees because we expect those to be flattish, and we'll see how they'll play out. But that's our current expectation.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. Add to that, the -- if you think about the revenue trajectory on the synergies, for example, part of what you'll see is some of the leading indicators, like bookings, have started to tick up. You saw those were up 28% on a year-on-year basis. And so that's what will begin to drive the Charles River kind of specific revenues this year and next year. I think in contrast to that, some of the revenue synergies were around connections with the State Street base of revenues. And in particular, the trading and sponsored repo kind of revenue activity that we've quickly tried to link into Charles River tends to actually happen earlier in the three year cycle than later just because of the speed at which we can either make the client kind of connections or the order management system connection. So there'll be a mix and I think sometime this year, we'll probably do maybe a more fulsome kind of where are we as we're year and half, two years into this deal and try to share more information and it sounds like that would be helpful.
Eric Aboaf: Betsy, it's Eric. That was probably where I was going to go. I think we're quite conscious that in a slower top line growth environment, we're signaling 1% to 3% on fees this year. That's a year where you want to hold expenses, actually bring them down, right, because we need to create some real operating leverage and margin expansion. And so I think part of the answer to your question is if revenue growth is in that low single digits, then the expense is coming down, is the right answer. I think to your point and the precise question that if revenues take a downtick, whether it's interest rate-driven or something else on the equity markets or something, then we would go deeper into expenses and we ration our reinvestment and just do it at a -- perhaps at a different pace. We'd find ways to accelerate some of our other optimization efforts. You're seeing what we're doing in IT, for example, that we described in December. We'd go deeper there. And just think about where we were in January of 2019, we announced 1% down and felt like, through the middle of the year, the environment hadn't gotten appreciably different. And so we ended up with 2% down. I think that's the kind of incremental action we would find a way to deliver if the environment were not favorable.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, it's Eric. I think you're on the capital ratio pages where we've shown this quarter both standardized and advanced. And we did that because our binding constraint now is effectively both. They're almost right on top of one another. And I think you need to be a scientist to really understand the trend in each of those capital ratios. So let me try, and I'll -- we'll do a follow-up if necessary. So standardized, if you remember, is more volume-driven with some very -- relatively simplistic factors. And so the standardized ratio actually improved because standardized RWA fell sequentially, and that occurred, in particular, in the standardized RWA of our FX activities and our securities -- I'm sorry, our SEC lending activities. And that's kind of related to the lower levels of volatility in the market and lower actions. So that was the biggest downward driver of standardized. If you take out your Ph. D. and want to think about advanced RWA, our advanced RWA went up, which is why the advanced ratio came down sequentially. And the advanced RWA increased because of loan growth and investment portfolio growth and a little bit of ops risk primarily. So those were -- it's a little bit apples and oranges, but that was the driver. I think from our perspective, we -- it just -- it's a good reminder that we live in a world of both, and we -- obviously, we'll manage to both. I think what I found comforting is, notwithstanding all our capital actions that we've taken and our higher payout, we actually are at real healthy capital levels, and that obviously gives us flexibility going forward. It sets us well -- it sets us up well for this cycle with CCAR, and we can take things from there.
Eric Aboaf: Jim, it's Eric. I'm trying to come up with a realistic forecast because, to be honest, we'd actually like to be realistic of what we're seeing. And we also want to -- maybe back to one of the earlier questions, if we're realistic on revenue, we'll do the right thing on expenses. And so both matter in this business. But I think this is a realistic forecast. And obviously, if something changes dramatically, we'll -- up or down, that could have an effect. But let me just go through the pieces, so that you have a sense. So on servicing fees, we said to the lower middle end of the 1% to 3% range. So I think that's pretty clear. I think if you think about it, the equity markets in the U.S. on average, and the averages matter here, will probably be up in the high single digits. So that'll provide a couple of percentage points tailwind in fees. There may be a little bit of -- there'll be obviously some amount of net new business, but there's also the fee headwinds still, that 3% that comes the other way that we need to overcome. And so that's why we get to the lower to middle end of the 1% or 3% range. And remember, there are some businesses that are, in servicing fees, that are driving very quickly. We've noted, for example, EMEA sometimes or some of the asset management space, but there are others like our hedge fund clients are actually tending to be relatively stable or even in downdraft in some cases. And so that works in different directions. So there are some puts and takes within the portfolio that we're always conscious of. I think on management fees, we said the upper end of that range, and I think you can square that with the lower step off in first quarter of 2020 that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Trading, I think trading is trading right now. I think you've seen it kind of trend downwards over the last year. I think volatility doesn't feel like it's moving up fast. It's not moving up fast, right? It's stable at best, leverage from hedge funds or from those who borrow or lend in the SEC finance business. If you look at the industry data, it's actually down year-on-year. And I don't see a quick turnaround for that. And so I don't want to gear a business model to an automatic recovery in trading volatility and opportunities to find wider margins and so forth. And then there's our software and processing fee other line, and I think we've given good, clear guidance on Charles River. And like you say, you just have to be careful about the annualization of the processing fees and other. I think just this quarter, processing fees and other were up about $25 higher than would have naturally been expected than a year ago quarter-over-quarter. And if you look at the full year, I think there's that or even a little more in full year 2019 than in full year 2018. So you may want to think about annualizing either both 2018 and 2019 or even look back to 2018 just because there's a range of possibilities there.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. Oh, that's a hard question because if I answer it, I'm going to show all my cards, and I can't show all my cards. I don't know what the CCAR cards are going to be like. And so that's a tough one. I think what we do now is we know the amount of capital returns last year. We have some amount of view on this coming year, but we're still guessing. And so I -- it's -- I think what you should probably do from a modeling perspective and what we would expect you to do is think about the capital return levels that we've been at last year as at least a starting point. I'll let you take a swag if you wanted to add a little more or not at that. But at least start with last year as I think that gives some earnings accretion to the EPS line because of the retirement of shares, and that should factor into your estimates in our -- that does factor into your estimates presumably in our guidance.
Eric Aboaf: Brian, it's Eric. That's a hard question to answer now. I think we'll have a better sense of that later this year in 2020 because what we will get to is where are we with clients with whom we need to adjust pricing in 2017 and 2018 or '16, some of those. They tend to be 3-, 5-, 7-year contracts. There'll be some that start to come through. I think there'll be some balance of trade discussions with those clients. There'll be some different types of deals we do in 2020 and 2021. Think about the front-to-back deals have kind of a different patina to them, whether they come with more middle office or sometimes with a broader array of services that may not factor in differently. So I think it's just early to tell. I will certainly, I'm sure at this point next year, give some kind of indication for 2021. I think we'd like it to come back down to 2%, but we don't want to build a business model to that right now, which is probably why we've been so emphatic about notwithstanding the fee growth that we're expecting this year that we continue to want to reduce expenses in this plan.
Eric Aboaf: Sure. It's Eric, Mike. Let me take the first part of that. On the market-related items in the software and processing fees, there are several -- the larger ones are tied around the asset management business where there are kind of two underlying activities. There's an activity where we seed funds with our own capital. And obviously, if those funds do well or if there's an equity market uptake, you tend to have a positive mark-to-market because they're effectively on our balance sheet. The second one is we've got some compensation programs that tied -- that are tied to different investment vehicles. And because of how the accounting works those, and again, tied, it's, I think, relatively typical in asset management because the way the accounting works is you tend to have a mark-to-market effect and an accrual effect, but they tend to be at -- in different time periods. And so in appreciating markets as we had this year, they tend to be positive. In falling markets like we had at the very end of fourth quarter of 2018, they were negative, and that's why we have a big swing. Those are the -- there are a couple of other smaller ones, but those are the lumpy items that we just effectively need to live with.
Eric Aboaf: Mike, it's Eric. I think there are a couple of different pieces there on the pricing pressure. I think we try to be real distinct in our -- certainly internal analysis, but also our disclosure around pricing pressure relative to other drivers of the fee -- the servicing fee line. So the other drivers are net new business, which would include client transition or added business. There is -- we talked about flows and activity, which have been relatively modest. And then we talk about markets. So we talk about the different buckets consciously because it helps us better manage. And I think if you go through some of the description that I gave, the fee headwind, we do expect to be lighter from 4% this past year-over-year. In 2020, we expect it to be closer to 3%. I think we do expect some market uplift in 2020. That's in contrast to effectively no market uplift in 2019 if you look at the averages and you look at the averages around the world and average those. And then on net new business, which would include some of that, either added clients or the occasional transition out, we do expect that, that would be a bit positive in 2020 based on some of the last year of significant wins. And in 2019, to your point, it was actually flat in effect, and that was because of that client transition. So that's a little bit of a compare and contrast.
Eric Aboaf: No, let me just clarify. We were very clear in December that our tech spend has been, this past year, 2018 to 2019, has been up, right, and up way too high in the high single digits at the 8% to 9% range. And our plan this year, which is factored into the outlook, is to have tech be flat to down 2%.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, it's Eric. I think it's actually a mix of competitors, in some cases, and clients and others that actually drive the pricing headwinds. And so if you think about it, we are the largest of the providers, so the asset manager segment in the U.S. and around the world as a custodian and fund accountant. And I think it's those clients, the asset manager clients, in particular, that have actually borne the brunt of some of the challenges in the investment industry. And so in some ways, we're near to the bull's eye of where there's disruption in the investment industry, and that's been why I think we've been disproportionately impacted. It's kind of the effect of having that larger share position. I think we've always seen competitors come in and out of our industry, certainly, those in the other segments, our MBS, of our position, asset managers, but I don't think it's as much a competition-driven change. There's always some of that, but I don't think it's as much of that. And I tell you, for every large competitor that's in the ascent, there's a large competitor who's beginning to fade and focus on other areas, or sometimes there's a small disruptor coming in. There are other small players deciding that there are other areas to refocus. So I think a little more client-driven than otherwise.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Brennan, it's Ron. Let me begin on that. I mean in the past, you're correct, there has been a cycle when you've seen sharp-up equity markets that has been followed by a relook by the client base at what they're paying, and we have a fee renegotiation. And that's still possible. I think what's different this time is, firstly, we have comprehensively been through the client base, either at their bidding or at our bidding. In some instances, we've been the proactive ones wanting to take control of the situation. We've tended to get more term out of these things. And in general, the level of partnership that's between us and our clients now is at a much higher level. So I would suspect -- my expectation would be that certainly, there'll be some conversation, but I would not expect the same kind of effect that we've seen in the past.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Yes, Glenn. It's Ron. It's a mix of things that are in there. It's -- some of it is true one-offs, meaning we've won something. It's in the queue to be installed. It'll be installed. More typically, just given the nature of our client base, which tends to be larger asset managers and asset owners, when we win something, we install in tranches. Sometimes it could be very conventional business, like we have a very large mutual fund win earlier in the year. But some of the funds are more complicated than others. Sometimes the client wants it done in a particular sequence around their fund boards. So there's some of that in there. You can probably draw the conclusion that the more complicated of business tends to get involved later. The other thing that's in there, though, is, increasingly, the nature of our business is that we're not just winning a custody or accounting assignment, but we're winning all or a portion of the front-to-back, meaning there's some middle office in there, there might be some Charles River in there. So oftentimes, what you're seeing is a installation of another service for an existing client where we had an install earlier in the year. And that's the way to think about it.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Why don't I begin this, Brian because there's a lot in what you asked in terms of pricing and how we think about our outlook on pricing and pricing pressure. I mean if you look back on this business for time immemorial, right, there's been -- there's kind of enduring deflation in the business, which we've all come to know and live with, and that's been a result of a combination of business growing, ability to scale, et cetera. And that's been historically a 2%. There's also been mix shift that's been underway since then, too. I mean the mutual fund ETF move is not new. It certainly accelerated over the last few years. So -- and we expect that mix shift to continue. I mean the other factor in here is there's increasing concentration amongst ETF providers. We have a very large market share amongst ETF providers. But obviously, as those providers get larger, the nature of the fee rate typically is such that they're paying up less than the marginal asset. So -- but this is the nature of the business, and that's what we have to deal with. So we do think and believe and we've said that's important. The pressure that we saw starting in 2018 and continuing out into 2019, we think that's abating. But we -- this is a business that has lived and will continue to live in the face of ongoing fee pressure, which is why we continue to be intensively focused on our operating model and how we build the business that can not only meet that, but that can become more and more profitable in that kind of environment.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Brian, it's Ron. I would say we absolutely are making material progress. And in terms of the synergies that we outlined, both revenue and cost, we expect those to play out actually in the time frame that we described earlier. But the more important impact or the even greater impact of Charles River has been around how it's affecting our core business and changing the nature of the conversation and the relationships that we're having with our clients. As we noted, we signed 4 so-called front-to-back deals or Alpha platform in 2019. So in just over a year of ownership, we signed deals, which, in essence, means that we have a comprehensive and complete relationship with the client front-to-back. The pipeline there remains very strong. And even in those cases where the likely outcome is not a full front-to-back, it's changed the nature of how we're dealing with our clients from a one-off product provider to a true business process -- outsourcing partner with these clients, and I think that trend will carry on in many ways, fundamentally change the nature of our servicing business to the positive.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: I mean I'd expect it'll be largely linear, but with a bit of an uptick as we continue to build out the platform, I mean we announced over the year various platform partners that we've added to Alpha, and these are providers that are plugging into our platform and typically where we get a share of those economics. And I think you'll see at an increasing rate over 2020 and 2021 the number of those kinds of providers on the platform, and you'll see them -- the increasing importance of platform economics. And that will be less linear and more -- it's like how any platform grows, right? It starts out small and the momentum build as more and more become part of the platform.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Betsy, let me begin on that, and while we're not giving guidance beyond 2020 at this point, I would say that our ambition is to continue to manage expenses down, offset by the necessary investments that we need to make. We believe that there's more room for productivity improvement. Our automation efforts are underway, but we have much more in front of us than what we've accomplished. So we see a path to continued and ongoing expense management certainly through 2020 and likely beyond, is the way I would think about it. And part of that is we -- if you're going to win in this industry, that's what you need to do, right? We've talked about the servicing fee pressure, talked about the pressure that's on our clients, but it's also just about being able to scale at the level that we need to. I mean if you think about the amount of new business that we've brought in, the -- those assets could only have been brought in if there was confidence on the part of the client base that we would be able to scale that. And I just think that to be the leader in this business, we have to continue to get that productivity improvement driven by automation, driven by process redesign to be able to take on a business like that.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Mike, it's Ron. I'll pick up the second part of your question there. There -- we have a very large client where we do -- we have a comprehensive asset management relationship with them and like lots of other -- it's a large corporate. As it's derisking, it moves from risk on type of assets, which have a higher fee to fixed income and liability-driven kinds of investments, which have a lower fee. And this client happens to be large enough that it will be meaningful, assuming it takes place as we expect sometime in early 2020.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Mike, on your question on fee pressure itself, maybe the better way to describe it is we see the effects of the pressure abating. I mean at some level, clients, of course, want to have the best fee proposition that they can. We've gotten better at managing that, and we've gotten better through the addition of additional services like Charles River and the Alpha platform of being able to respond to a fee reduction with a -- with either a consolidation of business, offsetting new business, a deeper and broader share of the wallet. So maybe the way to think about it is there's always ongoing fee pressure. And at times, that's higher or lower, but it's always there. In the meantime, we've gotten better at managing it, both in terms of how we actually go about managing, but also in terms of the additional services that we can now bring to bear.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: So there's a lot in your question, Mike, and let me try and answer it efficiently. The focus last year was on, firstly, being ruthless in our prioritization of what was important and trying it much more closely to the needs of the business, firstly, our clients; secondly, what we needed to do for our operating model; and thirdly, what we needed to do for ongoing -- improving ongoing operational resiliency. We're very careful about the incremental investments we make, what we need to make incremental investments. That has set us up. That -- if you will, the actions we took in 2019 have set us up now to be focused on what we think are the right priorities. We let go some personnel that we felt just weren't consistent with the priorities that we've set. And now what we need to do is just get better at executing those priorities. We feel we've got a plan in place to do that. So what we told you is that you've seen our historic growth. Our intention is to bend that expense growth just like we've bent overall expense growth. We'll do that through a combination of continuing to reprioritize. The gross impact of that will be reasonably high, but it'll be offset by the investments that we need to make to continue to be positioned the way we want to be with our clients. So the net result of that will be a significant arresting of the growth, but we'll probably still be slightly up for the year, is the way I would think about it.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Yes. And that would be done, which I think is important to understand, through just like we manage overall expenses there'll be some gross reduction in tech spending, offset by a lower amount of tech investments to get us to a flat to slightly down kind of spending.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: So Rob, we are emphasizing that as a priority for a couple of reasons. Firstly, lots of the capabilities that we have are increasingly relevant to that space. The asset owner space in the distant past was much more of a custody only, maybe a little bit of accounting. And increasingly, asset owners of typical large and medium asset owner, firstly, is some form of an asset allocator. And in many cases, they have their own investment activities, alongside what they're doing with third parties. So it lends itself to the array of services that we have. The cycle time on them tends to be a little bit quicker, but it's a different selling cycle. If it involves public, it's a very prescribed selling cycle. So it's something that we believe we can leverage a lot of the capabilities that we have. And it's not like we're not present in that business already, but we believe there's opportunity to grow share as those -- that segment needs more and more of the distinct capabilities that we have.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: That's a good question. And there's -- I think that, that's -- we're still in early stages in that. I mean at one level, it leveled the playing field for distribution. So for those that were, in some way, sharing revenues are paying to be on platforms when it goes to 0, you don't write checks anymore for that. So it's -- in some cases, for us and others, we're not the only ones that's reduced our expenses. But it's also -- it's harder to get -- it's harder to pay for now a distinctive positioning. But we do think it will cause is -- with, if you will, transaction fees, no longer the primary criterion by many investors, we believe that it's going to -- that it should enable us to point investors to what they should be focused on, which is liquidity of the product, the true cost of moving in and out of the product. And we've got -- and despite a range, we've got some of the most actively traded products out there. Very liquid. In some cases, deeper and more liquid than the underlying assets. So we think this is an opportunity for us to actually focus on the liquidity side, the importance of that for our investors. But early, early days in this.
Ronald P. O'Hanley: Gerard, the pipeline is -- we're pleased about the pipeline, is that it's a true mix of clients. We would have expected that our existing clients are a client where we had a large position already, and therefore, in daily conversations with them would be interested in this. And that certainly has played out. And in most of the instances kind in 2019, there were some existing relationship. But what's been particularly gratifying is that we have in the pipeline and working very much through them towards what we would expect to see mandate signed in 2020 or early 2021. Clients where we had no relationship or just a very, very minor relationship where they see the advantage of being able to have a platform, and it might be all State Street products or might not, but a platform that integrates it all there and give them the ability to reengineer their own business model. It's led to, as I said earlier, a -- just an entirely different set of conversations with clients. It's not about we'll do custody for you at a fraction at this point lower than your guide, and it's much more about what are you trying to achieve in your business, [indiscernible]. Interestingly, as you'd expect, some of the clients in the pipeline are those that are challenged by the environment. Others are those that are already winning in the environment and are trying to figure out how they're going to be able to scale for the next 5 or 10 years. So it's a rich mix of clients, and we think has a -- just a very, very large potential for us as we go forward.
