Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Since the global economy is recovering much more slowly than economists originally predicted, we're being increasingly vigilant about expense control. Given the difficult environment, I'm pleased that we achieved positive operating leverage compared to the second quarter of 2011, a testament to our attention to controlling expenses. The momentum of new business wins across all geographies in both servicing and asset management remains strong. As expense pressures intensify for our clients, they are increasingly looking to outsource more services to us. At the same time, clients are facing regulatory pressures and look to us for additional products and services to support them. We are continuing to invest in new products which address these client needs while continuing to differentiate us from our competitors.  I'm pleased with the progress we've made in executing our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation Program. As we reported this morning, the pace of the program is ahead of forecast.  Our capital position remains strong, positioning us well for new capital standards while maintaining flexibility if the right acquisition present itself and enabling us to increase our returns to shareholders. Overall, I believe that it is the steady execution of our strategy that has enabled us to perform well during the first 9 months of this challenging year for the markets and for our industry.  Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind you once more that the purpose of today's call is to discuss our third quarter earnings, and we ask that you please limit your questions to topics involving our financial and operational results. With that, now I'd now like to open up the call to questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think on the new business side, we do see a flight to quality with regard to our pretty consistent performance around acquiring new assets and new customers.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I'd say consistently strong, and I wouldn't say in it's way up or down. But we continue to have a broad range of conversations everywhere from traditional investment managers to, I continue to report, in the alternative asset classes. A lot of that business is previously in-sourced with a private-equity real estate firm being outsourced. So I would say that the other side of this depressed environment is that it is good for business because our customers, whether they're pension funds, investment managers or alternative managers, are looking for some relief around either expense, responding to new regulatory reporting. So the core business is good.
Joseph L. Hooley: Rob, it's hard. The mixes vary. And actually, that's the good news, which is there's no one single engine firing. I think we're firing globally across asset classes. You saw a big European component this quarter, which, I think, is encouraging and probably indicative of the times. The alternatives continue to be a strong theme throughout this. I'd say the mix of business, the preponderance of it is multiproduct, kind of complex deals. The other thing I would add is I didn't mention specifically, but you may remember Scottish Widows was an early outsourcing deal that we had in the U.K. They've recently concluded to re-up that deal and add a number of additional assets. So some of the context is customers concentrating more of their activity with us. But it's really hard to give you 2 or 3 summary points. It's quite varied in a number of ways, which, again, I think is the strength in it.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say without being specific, it feels to me like we're getting closer to that time. I think if you -- we're all following the plight of the European banks and their need to either recapitalize or strengthen capital levels, and I think that most of that has been more discussion and less action. But I think as that moves to action, it's likely that we'll see opportunities. I assume your reference is to the custody books of business in Europe. So it just feels like we're moving in a positive direction. On a smaller scale, I mentioned the Complementa acquisition as well as the Pulse Trading. To me, those, in a different sort of way, represent some of the pressures that the world is feeling, small companies that no longer have the ability to invest or leverage from a revenue side their product. And in both of those cases, I think they're small but nice pickups which add great enhancement to our product mix and through which we should be able to leverage pretty materially the revenue side.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean, I think if I understand your question, I mean, the Fed guidance is annual guidance. And so we get our next shot at having that discussion at the end of this year leading into next year. The payout ratio with regard to capital, I think, was pretty consistent among the banks. We think based on the strength of our capital, the relative risk of our business profile, that we should be in pretty good shape going into this year's stress test, and we'll argue for more flexibility with regard to returning capital to shareholders. I think the factors that -- so those are the factors unique to us. I think the other factor would be how the regulator views the broad environment and what criteria that they put forward against which we'll run our stress test. But we feel pretty good going in.
Joseph L. Hooley: Let me just [indiscernible] that question up. Howard, I'll just remind you that I think it's often loss because of the focus on expense saves during this time, but I believe this is going to transform this company with regards to how it delivers new products to the market and how it responds to -- how it picks up the pace of responding to industry needs. So I don't want you to lose sight of that. But with that, Ed, do you want to comment on...
Joseph L. Hooley: I don't know that we give necessarily pipeline visibility, but if you go back, Mike, 3 quarters we've been running as far as committed business in the $250 billion to $350 billion a quarter. I think last year, it's probably closer to $350 billion down at $250 billion. So if I look at the visible pipeline, that doesn't seem like an unreasonable rate going forward as far as translating prospects to clients.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think the screen that we put over that is the strategic screen. I mean, we make these acquisitions because we think it positions us for future growth. And then I think given the environment, we'll be ever more discerning about price paid. So if it falls into the strategic sweet spot and it meets our hurdle rate for pricing, then we're a buyer.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean, we think about it as a point-in-time assessment. We're constantly looking at acquisitions. We're trying to measure the flexibility that we'll get through the stress test as far as our ability to purchase shares. And I think we -- at a point in time, you'll look at stock price and make that determination, but we're obviously very focused on that.
Joseph L. Hooley: No. I think what we're saying is that, that 400 basis points of margin lift, pretax margin lift from 10 to 15 is a translation of that $600 million on a direct basis. So we're saying kind of all else equal -- which is we're in this constrained environment from a standpoint of equity markets, interest rates and the like, but all things being equal, that $600 million translates into 400 basis points of margin lift.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean, I think the revenues, if you break down the revenue equation, I think that we have demonstrated that we've performed pretty well in the core line items. We would expect that to continue. And over time, they get some help from markets and interest rates and cross-border investing and spreads, which help our securities, lending and other businesses. So we would project that we can continue to run at this rate from a revenue standpoint with, hopefully, some upside.
Joseph L. Hooley: I wouldn't have that off the top of my head. But what I would say is that you can assume that those top 100 customers are some of the top 100 financial institutions across the globe. So the SSgA comment is that not only it's a cross-sell, but I think when you look at SSgA's business and its upside, a lot of it's about cross-sell. So once you have a relationship with the big financial institution and you get your foot in the door, that's generally the best prospect for the next asset class to sell.
Joseph L. Hooley: The expectation for the end of the year is largely tied to the Dodd-Frank-legislated SIFI, systemically important financial institution. And further, that would be -- we think a designation which would largely have Tier 1 capital in the 7% to 9.5% is going to be broadly thought to be the range. I think the global SIFI, which is -- my understanding doesn't add additional capital but puts you into a different club on a global scale, much less visibility on -- other than the broad considerations of size, complexity, interconnectedness and the like. So we really don't have any visibility on what the thinking is of trust banks in that group.
Joseph L. Hooley: I wouldn't comment on that. I think that you've got to look at -- and you can do this yourself. You look at the above-$50 billion financial institutions or banks in this country and look at the range of types and complexity, and the regulators are going to slot us in some way there, I'd be guessing, to put us in a certain bucket.
Joseph L. Hooley: No, we would just say thank you and look forward to speaking with you at the end of the fourth quarter.
Glenn Schorr: So, quickie, I heard all your comments on the new business front, which is still great, considering the backdrop. On the deposit front, can you give us a two-parter: one, where are the deposits coming from, and two, what do you do with them? In other words, what kind of duration are you thinking in your mind with these deposits, and what do you do on the asset side? It's a conundrum.
Glenn Schorr: It's interesting. So given just the economic unrest in Europe, I've been under the assumption that we'd see some deposit growth there, as well as some new business flow. It looks like you got a little bit on the new business flow side, but you're not really seeing a heck of a lot of flight-to-quality on the deposits side.
Glenn Schorr: On that front, is the pre-pipe, pipe conversations picking up given everything that's going on? I know if I was an administrator, I'd probably be looking around right now.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, Glenn. It's Ed. In the third quarter, our average deposits were, in our estimation, about $15 billion over what the normal level is. They're around $33 billion as opposed to $18 billion, which is more normal. Most of this is DDA. Most of it is coming from U.S. customers. We've consistently been treating excess deposits around quarter-end for the last several years as transitory deposits, and as a result, we leave them at the Fed or the ECB or the Swiss National Bank as the case may be. In this quarter, they were left at the Fed, and we are 25 basis points on them.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. And that's been the case throughout the last couple of years. Glenn, if you recall, going back to a couple of years ago, year-end '08, I think we had $70 billion, and that's a point estimate, not an average. I gave you the average in my earlier numbers. But yes, they ebb and flow, and we treat them as though they're going to be not here for a long period of time.
Edward J. Resch: In this quarter, it happened to be more U.S. In prior quarters, other quarters, it's been weighted more towards Europe. It just depends on the way things go in the quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we're not assuming that those deposits stay, and that's a conservative assumption. We're not taking them and putting them into the portfolio to any long duration or anything like that, Ken. So we continue to have them at the Fed. Just as a point of information through this call, through as of last night, the deposit level has stayed a little bit elevated, okay? So that's the point of information for you, the first couple of weeks of this quarter. In terms of why the margin won't decline more precipitously to your question, it's mainly because of the effect of us being 61% in floaters, and that's principally driven in Europe [indiscernible] getting the benefit by this quarter-end of the broker being somewhat elevated. So while the U.S.-based [indiscernible] security will decline [indiscernible] to reinvest in the low-rate environment, we're getting an uptick in Europe, which will modify the decline in U.S.-related margin. So that's why we feel pretty comfortable with what we're saying about the margin overall declining slowly.
Edward J. Resch: If the ECB were to cut and all else equal in terms of the -- we're talking about a roughly $20 billion non-dollar investment portfolio. That's worth about $20 million in NIR annually per 25 basis point of cut. That's not something, Ken, that really will impact 2011. That's more a 2012 comment.
Edward J. Resch: A little early to give precise guidance, Brian, but our comments were intended to guide you that way, okay? I don't want to comment on whether it's 10 points or 12 points at this point. We'll give some guidance on the fourth quarter call more specifically. But the slow decline that has been evidenced over the last year is what we're trying to signal.
Edward J. Resch: Immaterial. I mean, on average, for the quarter, the dollar strengthened 2% against euro and 1% against sterling, so no material effect.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I think the securities processing costs, as we talked about, over time, can move around a bit. They depend quarter to quarter on exactly what happens. So I wouldn't say that's a run rate by any means. We've had some quarters this year and in recent years where they've been actually pretty low. So a $10 million or $15 million increase in the quarter is not a big delta there.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, that's money we're spending in order to execute on our Business Operations and IT Transformation Program. And we're trying to highlight that as being something that's in the run rate that probably goes away once we're done executing.
Edward J. Resch: Well, it obviously depends over what period of time you're trying to define fixed and variable expenses, Alex, so in terms of...
Edward J. Resch: Well, over a year within the context of the business ops and IT program, yes. I mean, we're saying that most of the savings, more than 100% of the savings for the program will be coming out of that line over the life of the program.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we haven't seen much of an effect on us and, specifically, our mortgage-backed element of the portfolio because of twist. It looks like spreads are about 10 basis points tighter when all's said and done so far based on twist, so not a huge effect. I think with 3-month LIBOR widening out a bit and Fed funds staying where it is, there's a little bit of potential upside on securities lending, for example, if that would maintain itself and volumes would stay where they are. But I mean, overall, our interest rate risk position is fairly low with where we are with floaters as the mixture of floaters and fixed, and our shock and ramp tests are pretty low, a little bit bigger than they were in June given that we have a larger balance sheet. But overall, we're in a pretty low interest-rate risk position, so the sensitivity would not be that great.
Edward J. Resch: Sure. Howard, if you look at Page 7, okay, what we're trying to present there is by year, by component of the program, what we believe the net benefits to be before nonrecurring project-related expenses, okay? So we break out the nonrecurring in order to show those expenses that we're incurring in order to execute the program, but we think we'll drive to 0, as you see, out in 2015, and their costs basically incurred to execute on the program. Everything that we are spending that we believe will be an offset to our savings, i.e. it's a permanent increase in expenses in order to execute the program or for whatever reason relative to this program is included in the net benefit numbers in the 2 lines, business operations transformation and information technology transformation. The only other element of cost other than the nonrecurring that we're probably breaking out are the expected restructuring charges, which I've already talked about.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, when we get to the final number, hopefully, what we've done has been to grow the company in the interim and take the $600 million of expense out. So I would expect that the overall level of expense in 2015 will be higher than what it was in 2010.
