Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Ed. Let me briefly close our call with 3 points. First, in the first quarter, we delivered good results amid rising equity markets in a persistently low interest rate environment; we continued to aggressively manage our expenses while maintaining a high quality of service to our clients; and we remain confident in the secular trends that underpin the prospects for growth in our business, and I believe that we're focused on the right value drivers. With that, Lisa, we'll open the call to questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Yes, I think there is some bump up although, as you know, the dividend season, which is the real cyclical high quarter is about to come on us in the second quarter. But I would say generally, securities lending, balances have stabilized in the low-300. I think if you look at quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year, the effect of the downward pressure on revenue has been largely the Fed fund to 3-month LIBOR rate. So I would suggest that the business is kind of in a stable state, I think, waiting for a pickup in merger and acquisition activity which will have a positive effect on that and further leverage in the general financial services system would be catalyst for growth, in addition to any widening of spreads.
Joseph L. Hooley: I think it's too early to tell. I think that there's a number of things that are circling around securities finance. But our outlook is really unchanged as far as the business continuing to be a good business for us over time. As the rules firm up, that may change, but no view as of today.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, it is a real mix. This quarter, which was -- I think, last year, we had total assets, new asset service of $1.2 billion, this quarter was $230 billion, so kind of an in-line quarter from a longer-term trend standpoint. 2/3 U.S., 1/3 non-U.S., that's a little bit different than what we've seen in the past. But I guess, more to your sector question, pension's kind of stable. We've had some good new business wins there, no losses that I'm aware of, so kind of a net positive. But as you know, in the pension segment, it's a pretty stable segment. Most of these are DB-oriented funds that aren't getting new flows. So on the other side broadly, the funds business, U.S. and non-U.S., obviously benefits from flows and all those things that happen when clients rerisk. And that pipeline and the successes have been very good and as you know in many markets, including the U.S. where a little bit of significant market share leader, and I think we continue to gain on that leadership. I just draw a little bit of a line under Dimensional Fund Advisors, which is a very significant U.S.-based, but with global products in the asset management space, and converting that business this quarter was a big win for us. And we would hope that they will continue to succeed. And with the success, we'll benefit from it as well. So again, we pretty diversified. The only other segment that I would call out would be the alternative segment, which -- and you see this in broad-based flows or asset growth. The alternatives continue to grow. And for us, the growth is twofold. It's -- we grow as the funds grow, we grow as we competitive -- we're successful in competitive new business wins, but also a good deal of that particularly private equity and real estate segment is yet well [ph] source. So that's why I continue to call it out because that should continue to be a ripe area for growth for us.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me start that, Ken. Well, I was looking for a number here. So servicing is up, I think, 2.2% sequentially, 9% year-over-year. So a good year-over-year growth, decent sequential growth. You'll also note that the first quarter is a pretty big installation quarter for us when you think about what was left from last year and what we installed that we committed in the first quarter. So I think on the rerisking, Ken, if I were to walk you through kind of a monthly scenario, which largely mirrors what you see in the U.S. mutual fund industry. We exited last year, December was kind of a peak quarter that traveled through January, February and March, tailed off a little bit, but still running stronger than we've seen in prior years. So I guess the other little nuance would be that as opposed to a rotation, which is flows out of fixed income and into equities, it's been more coming out of cash products. And I suspect not just money funds but other bank cash products has been fueling the little equity run that we've had here. So it's been kind of a tumultuous couple weeks here in the global environment. We'll see what -- how the rest of the quarter plays out, but it does feel a little bit different than years past with regards to some level of resiliency in investor behavior even though we've come off of the peak of the December, January months.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. So that was -- sequentially, it was fairly muted year-over-year, up 11%. The flows within the story would be positive on the security finance-led cash collateral pools. The FX -- the ETFs was a little bit of a mixed story, so we had -- as we've been telling you, we're creating and innovating new products in Europe and the U.S. We saw some good growth in Europe. But the offset was you've seen gold prices and therefore, we've seen some outflows into gold, so that was a little bit of a negative on the ETF side. And you also -- we typically see year end a little bit of a run-up in the S&P 500 ETF, which came off in the first quarter. So those are kind of the quarter-to-quarter trends that occurred. I point you a little bit to the 11% year-over-year and say that we feel pretty good about how that business is progressing. We think we're in some of the sweet spots of the market, passive and ETFs, in particular, albeit, there was a little bit of a muted quarter-over-quarter growth in management fees.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. The -- it was, as I mentioned earlier, a pretty strong installation quarter given the tail of what was left from 2012 and implementing a good deal of what we committed in the first quarter. In the case of DFA, not completely installed but a good chunk of it installed and should layer in, I think, through the course of the second quarter. So kind of all else equal, yes, we should see the benefits of that roll forward as we move through the year.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, So I think that's a multi-headed question, although I do -- I continue to remind you of the sequential quarter versus year-over-year, where there was good service fee growth. So I think some of this can't be read into a specific quarter-to-quarter comparison. But generally speaking, the environment, I think the pipelines are good and I think that's a reflection of -- in the asset management world and the alternative world and then the pension world, the asset-owner world, clients are continuing to outsource more work to us. We continue to do better than hold our own with regard to -- on the competitive front. We're continuing to introduce new products to differentiate our service offering. And in concert with that, the pricing environment, I don't think it's changed much, but we've become more disciplined with regard to bidding for new business, with regard to making sure that we're extracting a fair economics from our customers for the value that we're providing. So I think that begins to frame it. I think the risking behavior, as I said, has been episodic but better than last year. And I think if you look at the year-over-year 9% increase in servicing fee, some of that is reflective of a better risk environment. I think that the thing that we're all waiting for and hoping for is that this follow through not only on the move to equities, which we've seen some evidence to, but at some point, you're going to see flows come out of fixed income into equities. And I think that given our position particularly in the asset servicing for asset manager space, we have expectations that that's going to be a good thing once that starts to happen, hasn't happened yet.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. So to begin with, not really material, but if you look at that GLD product, we share management fees with the Gold Council, and I think we're in a 14 basis point-ish range for what we -- the revenues that we derived from that, so that gives you a little bit of sense of the dimension of the effect.
Joseph L. Hooley: Mike, the other thing I might add to that is the -- we do aspire to be the low-cost producer in those activities that have become more standardized and commoditized in the business. And we think that our IT and ops transformation program is aimed right at that. Additionally, by layering in the cloud environment, we also think we're able -- be able to be a lead producer of new products and new capabilities in this business. So the goal is really to make sure on those core activities that we do have the lowest unit cost in the marketplace, but we're continuing to invest through the cloud environment to make sure that we're differentiating our products so that we can have pricing power on the other end. I mean that's the magic combination is to be the -- you have the lowest unit cost but also be the most effective innovator on the product side. We think that's the best combination for us going forward.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Luke, we don't, in any single instance, offer middle-office servicing as a standalone. So it's -- I view it as it's an enhancement to our overall bundle of services. And you're right to point out that we have a significant market leadership in that, which translates into when we're competing for new business, we do well. We compete very effectively because we have the best capabilities. And the more differentiated you are at the point of sale, the more you can hold price. So I think that that's how that translates. I think in very complex opportunities that have a middle-office component, we're highly successful where we attract -- where we really want to win the business and pricing is pretty good because we're differentiated.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. So I would add to that, Cindy, Asia, as well, but a little bit more focus on Europe. So the strategy is to participate in an evolving market opportunity. And I do think, when you look at the ETF business globally, the world is -- Europe is underweight in ETFs, and so we're starting to see those opportunities unfold. And I would say that the way we get at that is really twofold. One is through introducing differentiated product to the market. So we've introduced, I think, it's 40 products over the last 18 months. I'd say creative and innovative products, which are commanding higher fees. So part of our strategy is to not be as much in the commoditized end of ETFs, but be in a differentiated end. A large part of which revolves around the portfolio strategy. But equally important and sometimes not understood, there's a distribution into that. So the distribution in Europe is largely through private banks and other intermediaries. And as a result, we've added wholesalers and distributors in Europe, so that's part of the buildup. I think that's largely in place, so it comes to continuing to introduce new product and distributing it through those wholesalers. So we think the opportunity is emerging, and we think we're well positioned for it. And I would say Asia is a story that's a few innings behind that whole story, but the same thing should unfold.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, so let me take a swing at that, Brian. I think for a long period of time, decades, these were growth businesses where markets were growing, new products were being introduced, and there was plenty of opportunity to grow top line and there was enormous need to invest infrastructure domestically, globally, product-wise. I think part of that run-up on the revenue side introduced market-driven revenues to that mix. And then if I just pick a point in time, the last 5 or 6 years, postcrisis, market-driven revenues have declined for all the reasons that we all know. We've all been working on, I'd say, as an industry adjusting to a lower growth environment, which means -- my interpretation of it means we need to get more efficient. We need to be that low-cost producer in that core activity, yet there's still an enormous need to invest in the business. So I think we're -- for State Street, I'd say we're working through a period, where we're adjusting to a lower growth rate, which we think is more temporary than permanent. And there's a lot of things that we spoke about change in environment, whether it's rerisking or some of the market-driven revenues improving. A point to NIR is just a specific and important one. As we get our infrastructure more designed for lower growth environment and the environment changes and we stay disciplined on the cost side, then we think we can change the mix going forward. So I think that's a little bit of where we've been, and I think the transition of what we're doing in this period is trying to become -- is becoming more efficient, more effective. While still investing in the business, we think that, at some point, it will cycle out, and we'll see improved environment, and we'll be in that improved environment with an improved infrastructure. So that should give us the opportunity to generate more returns, which will bring to the bottom line and invest to further distance ourselves from competition would be kind of my streaming thought on that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, sure. It was -- we introduced a new set of services under global exchange. And you're probably right generally relate it to big data. I think the -- within our business, within our businesses, we have a number of different products and services, which are analytical in nature, data-driven analytics for risk management, for performance management compliance, and we've decided to pull those together into a separate unit so that we could focus more directly on what we think is a pretty big opportunity, which is more in the middle office space. I'd say middle-office and front-office space on the back of our middle-office position, and more and more of our clients as we listen to them are challenged by the need to rationalize their data to make it more available on a real-time basis. And in many cases, we are the ones that have that data. So we formalize the structure that we think will launch us into that space, and we're pretty excited about it, but it's going to take some time to sort out exactly how we position the strategy. But we've given it some heft with the existing structure so that we'll have some ability to invest in this new area. And it is -- it does have a big data orientation to it.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes. Thank you. Thanks all for being with us here this morning. And we look forward to talking to you at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.
Edward J. Resch: Well, that's a little hard to say. I think it's a combination of clearly some new business, but it's also, I think, a combination of the world being fairly awash in liquidity. I think we're seeing some of the customer deposit flows because of that, because of both factors really. I mean, we saw average deposits up about $6 million over Q4 and TAG had the effect of bringing deposits down about $7 billion, which was in line with what we expected. So we're seeing, I'd say, more liquidity, a greater increase in Europe. The non-U.S. deposits are, we think, awaiting reinvestment. And I would say that that's probably in the temporary category, to your question. But in the U.S. we're seeing deposits up around $1 billion, but that's net of the TAG outflows, so we've seen about $8 billion of USD inflows. We're also seeing another trend, a little bit of a trend, I guess, where the U.S. deposits, half of them are coming into interest-bearing accounts which we think, again, is a reflection of excess liquidity being available in the marketplace, hopefully awaiting reinvestment, but looking for some investment that is obviously safe and relatively market yielding.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, there is. I mean, we think about that frankly more from the perspective of net interest revenue. I don't have that number at my fingertips, Rob, but absolutely, there's an impact in terms of day count. We're looking for the number now. I don't know if we have it immediately available. I could certainly follow up with you after the call.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, and Ken, the answer to your question in terms of currency effect on total revenue, it's fairly immaterial. It's about $10 million down sequential quarter and $14 million down year-over-year first quarter to first quarter. So not much.
Edward J. Resch: Those are loans we have out to custody clients, collateralized loans that are driving that, as well as our Boeing [ph] investment, nonportfolio assets.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I mean, Goldman is -- the acquisition is progressing right on track. We announced that and said it was about $120 million annual revenue business with a margin in the range of 30% to 35%, and it's right on track. And in terms of client revenue retention, we're exceeding the 90% target that we put out for every acquisition that we do. So nothing but good news on the Goldman Sachs Administration Services acquisition.
Edward J. Resch: Yes, no change in strategy, Brian. We're of the same mind that we've always been, which is investing through the cycle and keeping the portfolio in the range roughly 50-50 fixed-rate and floating-rate. And it's just a question of the market opportunities that we saw in the quarter, so no change there. Back to your earlier question, about 1/3 of that $10 million effect is in the servicing fee line for the quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we put the 400 basis point margin target out there, Mike, predicated on 2010's results and as caveated by saying all else equal and obviously, all things are not equal. It's always a little bit dangerous to take a quarter and project it out over a multi-year program. I can't disagree with the math you ran through in terms of -- if you excluded $118 million of expense from the quarter, the margin would be higher. But however, that expense would have to be recognized over the succeeding quarters and years. I mean, our normal amortization period is the vesting period for those awards. So the expense would be over the next 16 quarters, okay? So you have to recognize there are some moving pieces here and to look at the first quarter and say, we're already at or close to our program target is, I think, a bit of a leap. Now we're not signaling by that answer that we think the target is not achievable. We believe we're going to get the $575 million to $625 million out of the expense base, but that's going to occur over time, and we would expect the margin to improve over that period of time in line with what we originally said, not looking at just the first quarter.
Edward J. Resch: Well, I mean, we've been reluctant to put a number out there for what the low-cost producer is or on our operating margin target other than to quantify what we think the effect of the program will be on the margin, again, all else equal, predicated on 2010. I mean, clearly we think we're making good progress on the project. Clearly, we think we're improving the margin. I think you can see that through the first 9 quarters of the program and its implementation. But to date, we have not put an operating margin target out other than what we've said about its effect on the -- the program's effect on the margin.
Edward J. Resch: We're pretty confident, Luke, that if, in fact, the assumptions that I articulated relative to portfolio size and balance sheet size and customer deposit levels, prepayment speeds, et cetera, play out, that we'll be able to hit within that guidance. And remember, we're talking about our expectation for the year being a net interest revenue decline in the range of $150 million versus 2012. So we're confident that will be able to do that given those assumptions.
Edward J. Resch: Well, our focus has been very significantly on that line among others. But in the fourth quarter to first quarter decline, we did have a lower level of professional services. We're not expecting the professional services spend the bounce back to what was in prior quarters, but it may increase somewhat depending on the situation, okay? There are consulting costs in there, for example, for evaluation of regulatory initiatives, things like that. So there may be some increase in the future, maybe it's more of a timing question to some of these expenses from -- that went down in the first quarter, but it's absolutely a line that we're looking at very hard and are trying to make sure that we do not see a rebound in that expense line above what we think is absolutely necessary to comply with the regulatory initiatives, for example.
Edward J. Resch: Yes. I don't know exactly what the regulators think. I tend to have a view that OCI is OCI at this point. It doesn't really get differentiated between longer-term and shorter-term securities. At least, we haven't really heard anything to that effect. The issue of OCI on a go-forward basis and its potential effect on buybacks, I mean, there is information submitted as part of the CCAR, which does include Basel III-related information. I mean, the official test and the statistics published are Basel I, but the regulators do view our balance sheet under a Basel III regime. So the mark obviously in the Basel III capital ratios is included. I think too, from our perspective, the potential for its inclusion on a go-forward basis with the rules not yet being final, Brian, is one of the main reasons why we put a 200 basis point cushion on top of our 8% requirement, which includes our SIFI buffer. It's because of that uncertainty in part that we've done that. So I guess the punchline is that we need to see what the final rules ultimately are, and we'll look at those and formulate a view on what our Basel III Tier 1 common target going forward should be.
Edward J. Resch: Well, we achieved about $50 [ph] million of the $220 million in the year. I think a linear view of that achievement is what we expect and would expect to see roll through the succeeding quarters of the year, Betsy.
Edward J. Resch: Well, again, it's always a question of what time frame, Josh, right? And I think that probably the best way to think about is over a relatively short time frame, i.e., a couple of quarters, maybe a year. And we can look at a couple of different lines on the income statement and talk about them in terms of how much is fixed and how much is variable. I mean, the largest one obviously is the compensation line, and that is a function of how many people we have, and we've been taking action on that line over the last couple of years given what our view of the revenue environment is. So you could say, at least, a portion of that is variable given the assumption of a year or so time frame. I think that the other line that we've been looking at very carefully over time is the other expense line. Some of that is actually not really very variable given that there's some amortization of intangibles in that line, for example, which are based on prior acquisitions. But there are other expenses as we had in the first quarter that are in fact variable, which are the professional fees that we had a very good performance on as we've noted. And then maybe in between that is transaction processing, which can vary with market levels and transaction volumes. Usually, we have offsetting movements in revenues, so it kind of nets to a profit if the transaction servicing line goes up. There's a revenue item that's up more than that, and the converse is also true. But I'd say, overall, it's an expense base which over a short to intermediate term, while has some variability is for the most part, a fixed cost expense base. I'd be hesitant to put a percentage on it, but that's how we think about it. I mean, I would put another statement out there, which is our IT expense, which is both people and machines and licensing fees, and we can move that over time, and I'd say over -- again, the year's timeframe. Between the operating range of 20% to 25% is -- which is what we target of expenses, so that's a number that's in the range of $1.4 billion per year, that includes people. So that can be moved around, and that's a function of demand and regulatory imperative certainly lately and the need to continue to invest in the business and develop new products.
Edward J. Resch: I think it's really too early. I mean, obviously, we're pleased with the 2.7%, again, reflective of the achievement on the Ops and IT program, as well as the effect of the reduction that we announced in the fourth quarter. But I think it's too early to give you an answer to that question right now.
Glenn Schorr: First one is just a quickie on the average balance sheet. The biggest driver, I think, on the NIM decline is the decline in the other investment line. Just curious, down, what, 16 basis points quarter-on-quarter. Just curious what is producing the biggest drop there.
Glenn Schorr: It's episodic. But it's episodic in size, but also you're saying the runoff and that just pushes the yield down.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. Other one was, just curious if you can frame even in round numbers what the Goldman acquisition added to revenues, expenses and thoughts -- early thoughts on client and revenue retentions thus far.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, that's good. And it sounds like it might have been a modest contributor to the positive operating leverage, but the core is still there and good.
