Mike Bell: So, good morning Ashley it's Mike. First of all there is been no change in our overall philosophy Ashley and that is that as it relates to the investment portfolio we continue to invest through the cycle. We continue to have the same type of ALM kinds of risk management practices that we've had in the past. Related to your specific question around the durations, yes it is the case that the -- we can sell in particular some floating rate ABS securities into queue and as a result what's left in the portfolio doesn't have longer average duration but again importantly the overall duration of the assets out of our balance sheet did not change materially quarter-over-quarter. As those -- we did have a higher amount left in cash at the end of the quarter. So again I would expect that there would be no material change over the remainder of the year in terms of our philosophy but we will continue to make these tactical changes to work towards balance sheet optimization particularly under the new regulatory requirements.
Mike Bell: That is correct Ashley. At this time no change to those longer-term expectations. So obviously there is a lot going on in the environment in terms of how long will it take to get there between market interest rates and the regulatory environment but no change at this point in terms of our long-term expectations.
Mike Bell: Ashley it's Mike I would just add two other points. One is we have incorporated that same discipline in terms of looking at returns at the client level on prospected new business as well. So it is both a new business initiative as well as the existing customers that the Jay described. And the second point I would do is just to reinforce something that Jay said and that is in the near-term the most important thing we can do to improve the company's ROE is to reduce the non-operational deposits and or get those price that they are going to stay on the balance sheet get those price to pay for the required capital that’s associated in, and I can assure that the entire management team is aligned around that effort.
Mike Bell: Sure Glenn its Mike. It is the case that the major driver on the year-over-year increase in other operating expenses is the regulatory compliance expenses. And in particular the outside consulting expenses we had communicated to you at Q1 that we thought those were seasonally low and they have certainly rebounded here at Q2. Basically the work that we have underway right now is number one, over time to reduce those outside consulting expenses by completing the projects, completing and getting up to fully acceptable regulatory expectations but also second over time replacing those outside consultants with full time staff. And so I do expect that we will see a reduction in the second half of the year in terms of the other operating expenses related to both of those, I would rather at this not put a precise number on it because it depends upon a number of factors not the least of which is our success rate in terms of hiring full time staff to replace these people. But it is the case of the big driver is the regulatory compliance expenses. Now I would point out just to be completely balanced that we're still on track to meet our full year expectation and that is to have fee revenue growth outpace our overall expense growth by at least 200 basis points. And we view that as a positive accomplishment in this environment. As I've described to you before that's a better result than we had in that metric in 2014 so again in light of the regulatory situation we view that as a positive step forward.
Mike Bell: Sure Glenn, in terms of enhanced custody, enhanced custody was a little less than a third of the securities finance revenue in Q2 so specifically was $48 million of revenue out of a 155 in Q2. In terms of the spreads and fee splits I would say no material change in that environment. I would note that the seasonal trade was in fact less valuable than it's been in prior years. So there wasn't as much benefit from seasonality given the European economic situation. So that in fact was a modest headwind in Q2 versus what it's been in prior years.
Mike Bell: Glenn, relative to Q2, I would expect the other operating expenses to be lower in Q3 and Q4 subject to the caveat that that does, it does assume that number one we are effective in executing the initiatives that we have on the table right now. And number two, that we are successful in hiring additional full time staff to replace those outside consulting expenses. And again neither of those are trivial but my expectation at this point is that 338 will not be the run rate going forward to the second half of the year that it would be something lower.
Mike Bell: Sure Ken, good morning. First on the on your specific question on how much do we expect to get off the balance sheet. At this point Ken I'd really prefer not to put a precise number on it, we are in the midst of client communications as we speak and it is a sensitive issue. So we're really looking for a win-win with our clients. I mean just to give a couple of examples, several of our 40 Act fund clients for example are feeling more pressured to hold more liquidity as a result of their own regulatory pressure. So again it's not just a question of basically demanding that that liquidity comes off. So instead we're really looking for the win-win there. Another example would be in Europe where certainly with all the turmoil going on economically there we have been viewed as a safe haven by several of our important clients now we're obviously charging more for European deposits than we were earlier this year and we recognize that given the economics of having to issue additional prefs to ultimately pay for these deposits that ultimately we need to earn something in the 60 to 70 basis point range of interest margin to pay for the prefs. It is important either to charge enough to make the economics work or to get the deposits off the balance sheet. And the latter we think could occur either through us charging more or through finding a different win-win with our clients or in fact we think it will naturally happen as interest rates rise. So again I at this point really not commit to a number but I'd rather tell you that we are expecting a reduction in deposit levels in the second half of the year. As it relates to your question around NIR what I would remind you is that on average right now for excess deposits we estimate that we're earning a spread in the high teens. So based on that you could conclude that a $10 billion drop in our average excess deposits would reduce near term NIR by $4 million to $5 million in a quarter. And that is built into the updated NIR range that I gave you in the prepared remarks. So I'd rather not give you a specific number but that is the thinking that is in the overall range.
Mike Bell: Sure, Ken regarding prefs, it really will depend upon a number of things including the overall environment and will include our success rate; both that we're seeing to date but also our expected continued success rate on reducing the level of non-operational deposits. It will include our analysis of our balance sheet for the next CCAR period which is Q4 of this calendar year. So again I'm confident that we could issues prefs if we need to but at this point I would not tell you that we've drawn specific conclusions on a pref insurance plan.
Mike Bell: Regarding our current level of excess deposits if we look at Q2 average in particular we estimate that our Q2 average excess deposits were approximately $62 billion which is an increase relative to Q1 of approximately 8 billion. Now importantly I would add for completeness, please remember here that the LCR rules are now in effect and therefore because of our interpretation of those rules and the regulatory expectations related to those rules. Some of the deposits that we've historically thought of as operational deposits don’t in fact qualify under the LCR to be operational deposits. So specifically for example, our hedge fund clients and private equity clients just as part of their normal operations is part of us being the custody service provider. We have viewed those historically as operational deposits but there is specifically excluded under the LCR regulations to be included as those. So the round number is 20 billion deposits from those are clients, a portion of those need to be ultimately added to the 62 billion as we calculate LCR over the future. So it's another example of the regulatory environment forcing us to be more conservative than we've done historically. So again 62 under our traditional method and let me -- look at this as TBD, as the LCR further unfolds. As it relates to your question around European deposits we did see an increase in deposits in Europe, specifically Q2 average European deposits were $40.5 billion. So call that 36 billion to 37 billion of Euro balance and that was up about 4$.5 billion. relative to the Q1 average levels.
Mike Bell: That is correct -- we typically see spikes at quarter end but I think the average is more relevant because in fact the capital ratios for example our calculated based on the average.
Mike Bell: Sure, Luke its Mike. First in terms of what’s driving our optimization work, I would really put it in the three different buckets. The first is that, overall we want to improve our capital ratios and then includes the risk based ratios as well as the leverage ratios. Second, we’re looking to improve our mark-to-market sensitivity as measured at the next CCAR cycle, so that’s a consideration and then third of course is the meeting the heightened liquidity expectation. So specifically if we look at for example the sale of our folding rate ABS that’s a good example where we’re getting a relatively low printed spread that we viewed it as having a relatively high mark-to-market sensitivity during the CCAR cycle and of course it doesn't count as HQ away. So that would be an example of something to shrink. I would not characterize the changes in the securities portfolio as part of an overall change in the duration of the assets on our balance sheet, as I said in one of the earlier answers the overall duration of the assets of our balance sheet did not change materially sequentially. So in fact what we did was we decreased the folding ABS securities which meant that the remaining duration of the remaining portfolio got longer, but that money for the most part is sitting in cash. I would expect that we would be deploying over the second half of the year round number is approximately 5 billion that at June 30th was sitting in cash. So I would not expect that, again it's based on whole lot of different factors but I would not expect additional shrinkage in the overall investment portfolio in dollar terms over the remainder of the year. But again importantly it is optimization is somewhat of the rubik's cube there is a lot of different consideration. So it will be work that we’ll continue to for a while.
Mike Bell: Betsy its Mike. It is the case that we did update the operational risk capital model as we typically do once a year, that was updated in Q2 and that was part of the divergence between the improvements on the standardized approach risk based capital ratios and the advanced approach risk based capital ratios. However that is not driven by our own FX settlement discussions, it's driven by a number of other factors including what the industry experience has been historically.
Mike Bell: Betsy, the operational risk model in particular has a lot of different moving parts so I wouldn't try to speculate on future updates to that level. But I would remind you that at this point our binding constraint tends to be the standardized approach and I would expect that to be the case for a while.
Mike Bell: So Mike its Mike. Related to Europe, yeah it is the case that we are viewed as a safe haven in Europe and that certainly is a significant contributor to the increase in the deposit base that we saw in Q2 relative to Q1. I mean another issue though is just that the lack of good alternatives for our European clients which relates to your second point and that is that the interest rate environment they are generally along with the credit environment is not particularly attractive. So there is downward pressure on our own NIR related to the assets that back the European deposits. One another point I would note, Jay was talking earlier about a specific client discussions in Europe, I would note that where we've had additional success with some clients in Europe relates to encouraging them through discussions but also with the implied lever of pricing to move out of cash deposits on our balance sheet into for example short-term government bonds and I would expect that over time we'll see more of that movement in Europe for all the reasons that I just mentioned.
Mike Bell: Yes, again Mike I don’t like to really speculate on our competitive results. My interpretation of the comparison that you are drawing here is more from the starting point as oppose to some fundamental difference in mix. And therefore our outlook has really remained relatively unchanged throughout this year in terms of NIR. And I -- it's for all the reasons that we've talked about. We expect that excess deposits to come off in addition until we do get a meaningful improvement in market interest rates. We're going to continue to be negatively impacted by this grind of the turnover in our portfolio. Those dynamics have not changed.
Mike Bell: That’s correct, that's mainly driven by our view now that it is unlikely that the Bank of England will raise rates in August. If you recall that was one of the assumptions that we had applied in the rising interest rate scenario at the Investor Day. We think that is unlikely to happen at least in August and that’s really the primary reason for the drop in the very upper end of the positive -- environment range.
Mike Bell: Jim its Mike. First, at this point I expect that it is unlikely that we would have another material transaction that would shrink the ABS portfolio along the lines of what we did in Q2. I think that’s unlikely to happen in the second half of the year. But as I mentioned this optimization work is going to go on for a while. So I wouldn't at this point foreclose the additional actions for example in 2016 along those lines. Again remember that you've got these longer-term objectives it's not just the 2015 objective, we've got these longer-term objectives of strengthening our overall capital ratios and reducing the mark-to-market sensitivities that impact CCAR from as part of just our overall ROE improvement both of those objectives are important and really are somewhat separate from the near-term needs for LCR compliance.
Mike Bell: Again Jim I think that the mix shift will continue for several quarters, and again importantly that is factored into the NIR range that we gave in our prepared remarks.
Mike Bell: Jim you are absolutely right that was helpful to us probably to helpful to others as well that the NPR that was released around the 2016 CCAR indicated that SLR would not be part of the process for this year that is in fact helpful. I would point out though that tier 1 leverage was to constraint at this past CCAR and that remains an important consideration for the next CCA, so it's certainly means to that it's still very important that we pay attention to the non-operational deposits as it relates to the capital for next year and any potential pref issuance in particular.
Mike Bell: Adam its Mike, the only other thing I would add is you noted our GS revenue was strong in the quarter relative to both Q1 as well as a year ago and certainly we've gotten good contribution, we got contribution in Q2 from the net new business piece of it.
Mike Bell: Geoffrey, its Mike. There are a number of different nuances with the final rule that just came out on Monday. So I think it's a little bit early to give you a specific number but it's not lost of us that the increased excess deposits over the last couple of years is the single biggest factor driving our [GSIP] surcharge up and therefore I just -- it's a really -- it increases what was already a priority. It increases the importance of reducing those. Now again, some of that will happen from our actions. We think some of that will happen naturally as market interest rates rise but it does increase the importance of that work. I think it's the most important thing I wouldn’t leave you for this way. I think that a 150 basis points [GSIP] surcharge by itself is manageable but again there are -- number one, we would obviously like to have reduce the as the piece that's related to the excess deposits and just more of an incentive to get that accomplish.
Jay Hooley: Look at new business, I'm still not sure I got the source of the question. Let me try. Maybe you are referring to is that recently as return on capital has been a more prominent part of how you look at us and how we look at our business. We've turned to looking at return on capital from a customer standpoint and we will have by the end of the year, I think our top 200 customers all calculated out with regards to what the return on capital is, and those statistics end up with client relationship people and their challenge is to improve that return on capital. And I think the closer we get that to our top customers the better shot we have at rebalancing mix whether it's product mix or client profitability in order to drive improved return on capital for initially that 200 customers. And we think between what we’re doing at the top of the house principally on the balance sheet and in excess deposits and then what we’re doing with those 200 customers that’s the right blend of strategies in order to make sure that we consistently improve our return on equity over time.
Jay Hooley: Brian, just to give you a little -- this is Jay, maybe provide a little bit of nuance color. I was just in Europe a few weeks and I was directly involved in some of these discussions with customers and we're for the major customers who have meaningful excess balance. We're speaking to all of them and I would say a couple of things that to me you're encouraging, I'm convinced we'll make headwind against those. I don’t how much, but when -- but one day we acknowledge the issue, it's a broad based issue. There's even some pressure on the European Banks finally to shed some of these deposits as well. So it's become a more broad based issue. I think the discussions -- I reading to some creative alternatives for suites and another approaches to move these deposits off and Mike mentioned that average quarter-to-quarter we've actually seen some progress in some of these specific customers. So, it helps so we're out in front of it, I think the discussions are going well. I think we'll find ourselves with lower excess deposits we end the year. It's hard to say how much.
Jay Hooley: So I think broadly Brian when you put the return on capital and on a prospective customer, the places that get accentuated are things like any loans that we might have, securities lending particularly indemnified REPO within the product set from services to foreign exchange to securities lending to fund accounting they all have slightly different return on equity calculation. So by looking at it through a return on capital lens you do get a more holistic view. I would say relative to middle-office it's really a profitability equation. It doesn't draw any capital necessarily it's really-- can you drive sufficient profitability in order to make a middle-office deal make sense in the construct of a piece of a larger relationship. So I deal with probably more as a traditional accounting and custody relationship as far as its return characteristics but the key component is can you money? As you know we have -- we think it's over 10 trillion in assets that we administer in the middle-office and have been have at this for 15 years maybe. We've learned a lot through the 15 years about what makes us a successful middle-office deal. And for me it's largely about the complexity factor whether it involves lift outs, the degree of customization on the system side. So we continue to have handful of middle-office prospects out there and we look pretty closely at whether or not we can make them a creative rate return over the reasonable period of time.
Jay Hooley: Yes. And I would say just from a broader trend basis Brian you have no doubt heard more than you probably want to hear about us on our regulatory compliance challenge here it's hitting asset managers, it's hitting asset owners and so middle-office will continue to be a very important incremental product that we sell. We just need to make sure that it's done well with good pricing discipline.
Jay Hooley: Let me take a cut at that Lukas, JV. This is the provision relates to the indirect foreign exchange issue that predates 2010 just to put a box around it. And as you noted over the last couple of quarters we've been taking incremental provisions. We believe that we've reached financial terms with the counterparties that we have this deal with. What we haven't done is complete the terms and conditions of the agreement and specific language. We would expect that not only financially but relative to all the agreements that we can reach a conclusion shortly and that we can put this behind us. So I don't know if that helps but we hope that this is from a financial standpoint the end of that issue.
Jay Hooley: Yes, no, it's really less the latter Betsy, it was, let me just give you a few things. One, I think I mentioned this last call and Mike referenced the SEC is very focused around you know liquidity management and 40 Act and the broader based asset management world and we've introduced a pretty sophisticated tool that allows asset managers to stress their liquidity and so the one way we're helping is we're helping them optimize their own liquidity stress testing which sometimes adds to their liquidity sometimes reduces their liquidity needs. But with regard to the conversations it's usually around can we sweep some of the deposits, can we use repo facility. It gets into that level of how do we move deposits out of pure cash which end up on our balance sheet. And there are handful of approaches and depending on the customer and their view of required liquidity in capital we have different outlets. Probably the most important thing that I would leave you with is these are constructive conversations where you know our customers as we would help them, they're looking to help us so it's not contentious it's just how can we do, how can we move these deposits and do it on a sustainable basis. So at period ends we tend to get spikes in deposits we want to manage those down but we're really looking for some more durable sustainable solutions which will allow us to manage these things and control them over time. The last point I would make is that you know pricing has always, usually a pretty good way to create behavior and in Europe around the Euro we've introduced pricing, I think we've moved it up three times, it feels like we're reaching that point of equilibrium where it has a cost associated with using our balance sheet and therefore our customers are more sensitive to the cost so we're thinking about not only cost on a ongoing basis but also think about kind of surge pricing that you know if deposits were to go past a certain point the cost of using our balance sheet would go up by a lot and so those discussions and those mechanisms are starting to give us, one we're having better conversations and I think that we are you know likely to improve our situation with regard to excess deposits.
Jay Hooley: Sure, let me take that one, this is Jay. On the pipeline more broadly nothing really has changed its robust, its diverse, there is activity I just gone through over the last six weeks I've been on all continents and visited 15 different offices and there is a lot of activity that I think is stimulated by constrained environment compliance and regulatory. So pipelines are solid. For the quarter we committed I think it was 143 billion and massive, that was a little low relative to what we've been running probably last couple of years we've been in the 200 billion to 300 billion range. I wouldn't read into it, I think just some other stuff this timing. So no read through there. With regard to I think at the beginning of your question, we've got 174 billion I think that sounds right of assets that has committed that have not yet installed and I'm looking around the table, I think that’s about where we've been historically. So the relationship between pipeline, kind of a funnel what we win and how we implement seems pretty steady. I would say in the 174 and in the 143 there aren’t big lumpy two year implantations, which will delay revenue, so we should expect a pretty steady stream of service fee revenue that would trickle out of those kind of few factors.
Jay Hooley: I think that if you look at oil prices as probably maybe the biggest single driver of that, you know the, I don't know what your outlook for you know, crude is but it feels to me like was an adjustment from over a $100 a barrel to $50 a barrel as opposed to months and time kind of adjustment. So I wouldn't expect there would be big additional outflows, I don't know I mean I think it's unlikely oil will go lower and therefore it feels more like a one-time adjustment versus something that we're going to see every quarter.
Jay Hooley: No, no connection at all Bren, you know if you look at -- we track as you'd expect pretty closely the indirect FX, the direct FX, the platform FX and all pretty steady as she goes, I think the -- you know it's hard to make any judgment on a quarter, I think if back at Investor Day I don't know if you recall this, but we showed our FX performance in absolute terms versus the near end peers both electronic and directly traded and it's quite a bit higher than on an absolute basis. And I think if you stretch back over a couple two or three quarters and look at trends you would see our FX performance is good as if not better than the peers. So nothing really in the quarter and certainly no connection between these litigation discussions which are historical and our customers understand that, have had no influence on indirect FX which is where if it had influence it would have influence.
Jay Hooley: Yes, fair question Geoffrey. I would say no, pretty directly the AML, BSA activity is -- we were criticized for not having the level of process that the regulators expected and wanted us to have so we have -- and we've been at this for 18 months. It's a pretty segregated activity that we're conducting country-by-country, business-by-business and so it's pretty content, it's got project plans, it's managed separately from the business line. So I really don’t think this going hinder our ability to grow the revenue line and on the Wells notice reference which again is kind of pre 2012 reference to acquisition of pension retirement plans using consultants and again we are working through that. We've got a different point of view than others on that but it doesn’t, it hasn’t and shouldn’t affect any revenue generation.
Jay Hooley: And just to be clear for everybody on the call that it's our expectation as if we do that and 150 or whatever it is vary. So there will be recalibration of that. So there is a motivation incentive to draw deposits down.
Jay Hooley: Yes Holly just a quick thanks to everybody for their attention and we look forward to speaking you after the third quarter. Thanks.
Mike Mayo: That is correct Mike and again we have a range built in there as you can imagine because we don’t have a crystal ball and exactly how much they're going to decline but we do have a decline build in there. Operator Your next will come from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Mike Mayo: Sure, I mean the short answer is that it really does depend upon a handful of important factors. One is of course the overall level of net new business that we add in the second half of the year that will directly tie the level of expense that we need to add to service that additional revenues that would be one. Second as I mentioned earlier we do have work underway on the existing regulatory initiatives to work to replace outside consulting expenses with full time staff to the extent of possible and so our success rate there will be a key factor. And then lastly, importantly we are looking at some additional expense actions literally as we speak and I would expect to be in a position to provide a more public update at our Q3 earnings call but we are looking at some additional expense actions to see what else can be done improve the overall productivity level beyond the regulatory piece that I mentioned.
Mike Mayo: I'd really prefer not to try to give you a specific number at this point. Again it's fair to say that we do have some of that benefit built into our overall second half of the year expectations but I'd rather prefer -- rather not disaggregate specific number from our overall thinking.
