Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Valerie, and good morning, everyone. This morning we reported third quarter operating basis earnings per share of $1.19. These results reflect the strength of our core asset servicing and asset management business, as well as the impact of seasonal declines in market-driven revenue, including the effect of low interest rates. Total operating basis revenue grew about 3% as compared to a year-ago quarter, and total operating basis fee revenue increased by 9% over the same period, partly offset by the continuing challenging interest rate environment and investor caution in global markets. I'm pleased with our performance year-to-date, highlighted by a 19% increase in operating basis earnings per share as compared to the first 9 months of 2012. We continue to focus on growing our core business in asset servicing and asset management while carefully managing expenses across the company. On an operating basis, we achieved positive operating leverage for this 9-month comparison of more than 200 basis points and have positioned State Street well for continued success. Our Business Operations and IT Transformation program remains on track to deliver an additional $220 million of pretax expense savings this year and approximately $600 million for the entire program by 2015, while delivering a technology platform that enables product innovation and growth. Turning to new business. Our third quarter 2013 new asset servicing wins totaled $200 billion, which compares to $201 billion and $211 billion of new wins reported last year and in the third quarter of 2012, respectively. Additionally, I'm pleased to report that just after the quarter closed, we received a significant commitment from a new client to service assets totaling $137 billion. On a year-to-date basis, new business is $624 billion as compared to $573 billion in the same period in 2012. Of the $200 billion in third quarter new asset servicing wins, 42% were from outside the U.S. Also included in our new business wins are 47 new alternative asset servicing mandates, a client segment where we are a market leader and continue to see above-average long-term growth potential. I'd now like to share my insights on market performance and the effect on asset flows we saw during the quarter. Equity markets were up during the quarter, and we did see some flows out of fixed income into equity funds, but we also experienced significant flows into money market funds, reflective of a cautious investment environment. This environment has also led to lower trading volumes from our clients. Leading up to the debt ceiling deadline, we experienced a surge in excess deposits and a marked slowdown in trading activities. Since the temporary debt ceiling resolution of last week, excess deposits have receded and trading activity has improved. Turning to asset management. In the third quarter, we had net outflows of $15 billion, principally from institutional passive equity funds, as well as securities finance cash pools, partially offset by inflows into money market funds and ETFs. With respect to ETFs, the industry experienced significant volatility during the third quarter. However, we ended the quarter with $5 billion in ETF net inflows, principally into U.S. equity products. Fixed-income investors moved into our shorter-duration products, likely anticipating tapering by the Federal Reserve. During the quarter, we saw $5 billion of inflows into money market funds, which coupled with low market rates, led to an increase in money market fee waivers. And finally, our new business pipelines in both asset servicing and asset management continue strong and well diversified. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mike, who'll review our financial performance.
Joseph L. Hooley: Thanks, Mike. Let me close our call by briefly reiterating our continued focus on creating value for our clients and shareholders by growing revenue and diligently controlling expenses. Returning capital to our shareholders through share repurchase and dividends remains a top priority. Now Mike and I are available to take your questions.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, Howard. The only thing I would add is I think, consciously, we've been doing a good job of creating operating leverage in this, I would say, less-than-normal market-driven operating environment. And that's largely IT and ops and trying to become more efficient in all parts of the business. I would expect over time, as Mike points out, in a more normalized market-driven revenue environment that we should continue to have good operating leverage. The higher the revenue growth, the higher the operating leverage, is a general theme. But that's the general strategy.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. Happy to do that, Howard. Just to remind everybody, we got into the alternatives business early and have not only gone global with it, but have diversified across not only hedge but private equity and real estate. So we're pretty confident across the landscape of the alternatives assets. As a general theme, when we talk to our institutional asset owners, pension funds and the like, there continues to be greater allocation into alternatives. You can look at some of the alternative returns and question that judgment, but that is the trend. And so we see more assets flowing to alternatives, point one. Point two, you see more demands on the alternative asset classes for a higher level of compliance and risk reporting, both regulatory and nonregulatory. So the level of outsourcing continues to move in our favor. We have referenced before that we think 70% of the hedge marketplace is outsourced to third-party providers, but only 30% in the case of real estate and private equity. And so we're seeing kind of across-the-board gains across the 3 asset classes, across the 3 geographies. And we don't see that letting up. The last point I would make is that -- I make the point that we get into this early because if you look at the league[ph] table of who we're competing with, there are some unusual names. It's not the typical trust bank names. So we think we're pretty well-positioned competitively, and continue to invest in the platform to differentiate our service offering.
Joseph L. Hooley: Sure. I would say, Rob, the -- you got to look at it geographically and by product segment. Geographically, even though 42% of the new commitments this quarter came from outside the U.S., tilted towards Asia, by the way, North America continues to be a big driver in spite of maybe expectations a few years ago. Within the different subcategories, we have a preferred position from a market share standpoint. And the asset manager segment, we like it. We think it offers the most diversity as far as growth and product expansion. And we continue to do well there. We've had several competitive wins. We like the segment. The segment continues to grow. Pensions, a little bit flatter. Alternatives, up into the right. I see that continuing. So that's kind of the way I see it. I mean, the sovereign wealth fund marketplace -- we -- I was in Asia last week, we're very well-positioned with the sovereign wealth funds. Whether it's oil-driven or other commodity-driven growth, those funds are growing. They're getting more sophisticated. They're investing more in alternatives. Their needs in the middle and back office are increasing. So I'd add that as an additional segment.
Joseph L. Hooley: I would say, Rob, the -- a couple of things. That matters a lot by segment. So in an alternative segment, better than a U.S. pension segment, as a for instance, and who the competitors are. But directionally, I would say same, if not a little better. I think what you hear from me and other trust banks, at least the domestic, the U.S. trust banks, as people try to get a little bit more rational around fees and try to work the fee arrangements with their customers to a better place, given the market-driven revenue pressure. There's some movement I think we're all seeing on that. And I think that's brought in some maybe more responsible pricing. In Europe, which would be the other place where custodians live, there's an occasional crazy bid. But I would say, directionally, nothing really feels very different.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean, assets, that's a tough relationship and there's a lot of things that go into the fee side of that, but if I just pick on the third quarter, just by way of example, I think that the third quarter equity markets performed pretty well, our service fees were up a little bit. What sits in the middle of that is a mix question. So there was, on balance, client de-risking, which brings less attractive -- well, makes it less attractive from a service fee standpoint. And the other thing was that transaction volumes were down, so that's another factor that drives the service-fee-to-overall-asset-growth relationship. So I would say, I'd just point to that as an example of how these things can shift quarter-to-quarter, year-to-date. I would say overall, in a -- whatever a normalized market looks like these days, but markets where there's investor confidence, where there's investment across the full spectrum of asset classes, including emerging markets, global, we'd expect to see a pretty good relationship, a pretty consistent relationship between assets and service fees.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, it's a quick one, Mike. The -- we had our board meeting off-site in Hong Kong last week. We usually -- and we have a strategy session. We decided to do it in Hong Kong. Calendars could only be coordinated for the last week, so really that's the reason we put it off a week, simply.
Joseph L. Hooley: No, Betsy, I don't think so. Our on-loan balances are pretty consistent. They were off a little bit year-over-year, but a little bit north of $300 billion. Customers that are in the program, are staying in the program. Demand was off in the third quarter and spreads were compressed, and I think it's that simple. We would expect in a little bit -- in a better environment, demand would improve and hopefully, spreads. I mean, spreads are compressed quite a bit from where they were a year ago, but nothing other than that.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say we tracked almost to the -- as far as our flows intra-quarter to the ICI. But we're a little bit different in that we had more of a -- more flows into money market funds, for instance. Equities, equity -- the -- out of bonds into equity funds, but proportionately more into money funds, which is a little bit off of where the ICI data would lead you. And so the mix was, on balance, slightly negative from a standpoint of risk-taking and related fees.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I mean, I would say equally important was the volume of trading. That is also a revenue component of the service fees. So I would weight that equally with the mix shift. And I would think the third quarter was an unusual environment, particularly the tail end of the third quarter. And we saw not only capital markets volumes down, but I think consistent with assets ramping up on our balance sheet, trading was down end of the third quarter. I would hope that's unusual.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, if it sustains itself, Jim, it certainly would. We've -- I would say, last 6 weeks, you're right, and even in the last couple of days, post debt-ceiling debacle, the -- it looks like risking has improved. But that's -- 2 days doesn't make a trend. But if that were to sustain itself through the quarter, that would be a good, positive factor for us.
Joseph L. Hooley: And Andrew, just to add to that for a minute. The -- we, I think, just yesterday, put in our commentary on the supplemental leverage ratio, as did other big banks. The issue that's front and center for us is this whole excess deposit issue. We hold excess deposits for customers, we lay them off on central banks. For us to have to hold 6% capital against that, it doesn't seem to make a lot of sense, given that, I think, the intent of the supplemental leverage ratio is that it's a backstop or a secondary ratio. So we're hoping that reason will prevail as they finalize that rule.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me try that. We didn't have any big outflows or losses that contributed to that. It's really more a matter of our mix, which was more negative from a standpoint of client risking, meaning more into money market funds versus equities, which is a slight difference from where the market was, combined with, in our service fee business, transaction fees are an important component of the fee rate, and transactions were off quite a bit in the third quarter. So really, those are the factors.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, let me take a look at that, Cynthia. From $18.8 trillion to $19.2 trillion, is that the reference.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say, Ken, pretty steady. I mean, that new business, the one that we committed after the quarter, was chunky. But I would say pretty steady. I am particularly pleased with our competitive win rate when we're in the not only alternative but asset management business. Our win rate is quite high. We've had -- and the pipeline is pretty solid and pretty diversified. So I wouldn't directionally say better or worse, but pretty steady.
Joseph L. Hooley: Yes, I would say in a world of $200 billion a quarter, which is a lot of deals underlying that, it's a real mix. I would give you a few examples. We seem to have an addition to alternatives. The ETF servicing business is a real strong category for us. In the Goldman acquisition, the GSAS acquisition, we said we thought we could cross-sell. We have done a terrific job at not only cross-selling, but taking relationships that were thinly serviced and moving up into the back, middle office, 2 big deals there, which are very attractive from the standpoint of return. So it's -- without going through a list, Ken, it's hard to directionally say better or worse, other than very diversified and a good, solid pipeline.
Joseph L. Hooley: And, Mike, let me just pick up the other question with regard of declaring victory. I mean, to me, the IT and ops transformation, everybody wants to focus on the expense saves, which are important. But equally important to me is transforming our IT operation to improve our operating environment, to reduce cost, to improve client service deliveries. So I think it's transformational, not only because of the efficiently but because of where it puts us relative to the introduction of new products and evolving the cloud. So it just seems like a natural for this kind of business to move in that direction. Hey, Christie, before we end, let me just -- I don't know if Ken Usdin is still on the line, but I just wanted to reference that to his question of the SSgA, the uninstalled new business was around $25 billion, just for the record. And with that, I would just conclude. We look forward to speaking to everybody at the conclusion of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Michael William Bell: Sure. Glenn, it's Mike. Look, a couple comments. First, I would remind you that the second half of 2013, our outlook is still in line with the estimates that Ed had provided at Q2. Now in terms of the moving parts, a couple of comments. First, around Q3, the NIR was impacted by a couple of different things relative to the NIR in Q2. First of all, the earning assets for the quarter were down $5 billion relative to the same average in Q2, so that impacted the NIR. In addition, as you correctly noted, the average yields did decline for the average yield for the full quarter because of the turnover in the book. And again, we had anticipated that, given the low-interest rate environment, as a general rule, replacing the higher-yielding stuff that's running off with lower-yielding new purchases. And then just for completeness, I'd also remind you that Q2 had a onetime benefit of $7 million in NIR from a paydown of one particular loan. So relative to the Q2 comparison, there were a few different moving parts there. On your question on the outlook, it does depend upon a number of factors. But our current estimate at this point would be that we would see a small uptick in Q4, and that would be driven by a couple of things: First, we do anticipate a small uptick in average earning assets in Q4; and we expect an additional benefit in Q4 relative to the slowdown in prepayments on the U.S. mortgage portfolio. So those are the couple of things for 2014 that -- I'm sorry, for fourth quarter of 2013 that I would expect helping us.
Michael William Bell: Well, Glenn, first of all, I appreciate your comments on expenses. As we've talked about, controlling operating expenses is a significant priority for us, as is generating a positive overall operating leverage. So that has not changed. On your specific question of info systems and communications, those have been relatively consistent here this quarter versus last quarter. And I would anticipate a relatively consistent, maybe up a little bit in Q4. Again, that's all part of the long-term IT and ops. So where we've gotten additional savings on the operations side, sometimes that has entailed incremental IT expenses. But I -- again, I wouldn't read anything into the year-over-year info systems because it is all part of the combined IT and ops program.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Howard, good morning. First, on the remainder of the year operating expenses, there are several moving parts here. First, on the comp and benefits, I don't expect, for example, that $12 million favorable expense adjustment that we had to employee benefits to repeat in Q4. So I just would suggest you be cognizant of that plus $12 million pressure. I wouldn't try at this point to put a number on Q4 for comp and employee benefits because there still are a lot of decisions that we need to make, including, for example, incentive comp for the full year. That true-up, whatever it is, will show up in Q4. And at this point, it's too early to try to put a number on it. The other comment I would make is around the other expenses. Again, the other expenses do bounce around a fair amount quarter-to-quarter. It's got things in there like litigation expenses. Well, those are basically impossible to predict with any confidence. So again, difficult to try to estimate the other expenses for Q4. Ed had commented last quarter that he would expect a normal run rate for the second half of the year to be in the $270 million to $280 million range for other expenses. That's still reasonable, but it doesn't count on anything in terms of unusual items flowing through there. So other than those 2 sort of macro points, I wouldn't expect the other line items for Q4 to look a lot different than Q3. And in terms of how that translates to positive operating leverage, obviously, that will depend in large part on the market-driven revenues. And there's several points, both plus and minus, of uncertainty out there, so that would be difficult to anticipate. Let me ask Jay if he wants to add in terms of the longer term.
Michael William Bell: Okay. Alex, it's Mike. The size of the balance sheet, of course, as well as the level of customer deposits, those vary based on a number of different factors. We've typically had seasonality in the past, where Q3 has tended to be a little bit lower than Q2 and Q4. We do anticipate the average earning assets for Q4 to be somewhat higher than Q3, which, as I mentioned earlier, is one of the reasons we anticipate a small uptick in NIR for Q4. But again, this is -- it is an unpredictable period of time. Obviously, the -- some of the noise in Washington around the debt-ceiling crisis led to a temporary increase in our customer deposits. Most of that has abated, but some has not. So it -- again, it's really at this point, difficult to predict with certainty where the average earning assets will end up for the quarter.
Michael William Bell: Sure, Mike. Well, I think it's a little bit early for me to try to put a stake in the ground on that particular question. I mean, I really have spent my first 100 days in the job just working to learn the business, learn about our issues as a company, learn the internal structure. So at this point, I wouldn't try to put a stake in the ground saying this is how my regime, hopefully, multi-year regime, will differ from the past. But we could certainly have ongoing dialogue in 2014 on that. But I think a little early at this point.
Michael William Bell: Well, Mike, first of all, as you said, the underlying run rate, as you try to scrub onetime items, is really in the eye of the beholder, so it is really a term of art, not science. I mean, I'd make the same comment like what you just said on some of the global market-driven revenue. I mean, because FX volumes were down and as part of the seasonal slowdown, I would also think of that as not necessarily the long-term run rate as well. But I would just -- since you cited the Slide 13, I would also reference the $7 million assessment that we got from the Fed for the supervisory fee, and that wasn't there at Q2. So there were several different moving parts. I wouldn't try to put my number -- my finger on an underlying number at this stage, but just to say that we think the underlying fundamental trends for 2013 continue to be good. We're pleased with the progress we're making on our highest priorities. And to me, those are the most important headlines for the quarter.
Michael William Bell: Okay. Luke, it's Mike. First, just to recap what Ed said again last quarter and what he has said pretty consistently in the past. The starting point for 2010 is 27.5%. There were some nonrecurring items that he had spiked out in there. So you really want to think about it as 27.5% plus 400 basis points to get to an overall pretax margin of 31.5%. Now on a year-to-date basis, we're at 30.2%. At this point, we expect to achieve in 2014 and beyond another $180 million of ops and IT transformation savings. Bottom line is we still think we can get from the 30.2% to the 31.5%. Now again, an important caveat, as Ed said many, many times, is that, that does assume all things equal. And as you indicate, all things are never exactly equal. And how our mix of business changes, things like the regulatory environment, where will our interest rates be, I mean, there are a number of other moving parts that can impact our longer-term margins. But at this point, we feel good about the savings we've gotten from our IT and ops transformation and feel good about our trajectory on the year-to-date profit margins.
Michael William Bell: Okay. So the -- in terms of the excess deposits, Luke, at Q3, on average, we estimate that our excess deposits were $19 billion for the quarter. As the Fed -- if the Fed unwinds quantitative easing, assuming that interest rates would rise, I would expect that we would see those $19 billion of excess deposits move off of our balance sheet. Now again, the pace of that, the timing of that, what other alternatives are out there for clients to look at, their level of risk appetite in that scenario, those are all moving parts. Those are all factors that will impact the timing and the amount. But basically, we think of it as $19 billion of average excess deposits in Q3. The only other thing I would add is that they've been running higher thus far in October. But again, we would think that that's probably a temporary phenomenon because of the debt-ceiling crisis. But that's also something that we're watching.
Michael William Bell: Yes, we did have a rather large paydown in Q2. I don't specifically have that number off the top of my head. Again, I think if you adjust for that, we wouldn't anticipate a major change. But again, I must admit I have not squirreled the legacy conduit program in detail to be able to answer your question with a lot of specificity.
Michael William Bell: No. Jim, it's Mike. That is -- that's not really the major difference. The major difference is that the standardized approach has standard risk factors and haircuts, which are more punitive really in 2 areas. First, they're particularly punitive for the high-quality assets on our balance sheet, which is obviously the bulk of the portfolio. And then there are certain off-balance-sheet items, for example, securities finance, that the standardized approach is more punitive as well. So those are really the 2 primary differences. I would not anticipate that the runoff of the legacy conduit program to be a material driver of that delta.
Michael William Bell: Sure. Good morning. The -- well, first, as it relates to this upcoming CCAR, Andrew, I think it's premature to give you a definitive answer because, in fact, we haven't seen the instructions yet. So we'll obviously know a lot more when we see the final instructions and the final parameters. But the way I'm thinking about it really is at 2 different levels. The first is the quantitative level, and yes, we do expect that the Basel III standardized Tier 1 common ratio would be an important ratio here for us, beginning 1/1/2015. We had anticipated that being the case, and again, believe quantitatively that will be important here for 2000 -- beginning 1/1/2015. I think, though, equally importantly would be the qualitative considerations. I mean, really what CCAR is about qualitatively is demonstrating that we do have a robust, long-term capital plan to be in compliance with the new rules. Now -- and so I think both will be important here in terms of the capital distribution plan. You asked about the supplementary leverage ratio. I think at this point, that would be premature in all likelihood. Although again, subject to the caveat that we haven't seen the final instructions yet for CCAR. I'd just ask you to remember that the SLR at this point is proposed, it's not final. And in prior years, we've not been held to proposed rules that are not yet finalized. So we'll learn more over the next coming months and give you an update. But what we're really focused on are the Basel III ratios, and again, that qualitatively having a long-term robust plan.
Michael William Bell: Okay. Sure, Andrew. We would anticipate achieving our aggregate IT and ops savings of $600 million in the first half of 2015. So what that means is we've got approximately $180 million left. We've got $130 million that we expect to impact 2014, and then another $50 million that we would expect to impact 2015. And again, we're on track for the 2013 target. So I would not expect, for example, incrementally more expense saves in Q4 versus Q3 on the 2013 tranche. That -- those expenses at this point have been basically captured. On your question on the year-end 2012 program, at this point, we have captured those savings in the run rate. And so again, at this point, those have been executed on.
Michael William Bell: Yes, again, it's a little early to comment on 2014 definitively. Again, I think the main question is really the market-driven revenues, what is that environment going to look like. If we saw a more return to normal, for example, with interest rates, as well as some of the market-driven revenues, we would anticipate a positive operating leverage. But again, certainly, at this point, that's a goal, but I wouldn't say that we could give you guidance at this point on 2014.
Michael William Bell: Yes, Cynthia, it's Mike. The -- again, it's really early to try to give you thoughts on 2014. It will just depend upon a lot of different factors. Notably, I would point out, would be the view on market interest rates. I mean, if market interest rates continue to be static, then we would anticipate additional downward pressure on NIR and NIM next year. But again, early to try to put any numbers around it. On the deposit question, we do anticipate continuing growth in the book of business. But again, at this point, I wouldn't try to give you a definitive outlook for 2014.
Michael William Bell: Ken, I would say generally the answer is yes. I wouldn't say -- necessarily use the exact same percentages that we delivered on this year. We're still working through the specifics of the 2014 budget. But generally, it is right that we tend to focus on getting those saves in the first half of the year, but not necessarily all of them.
Michael William Bell: Yes, good morning, Gerard. At this point, we haven't specifically sized our capacity there, Gerard. It will be something that we'll continue to look at throughout 2014. I'd say to put an upper ceiling on it, I would not anticipate it, for example, reaching 3% of our total balance sheet. But other than giving you that as an outer ceiling, I wouldn't try to put a size on it for 2014 yet. It's still something that we're looking at.
Michael William Bell: No, that -- again, it was a relatively small number in terms of volume, Gerard, and that particular loan book is mainly -- actually, has mainly nothing to do with leveraged loans. Leveraged loans are only $0.5 billion of that number. The particular number that you're focused on is mainly the loans that we do, for example, to -- for closed-end mutual funds. And so again, apples and oranges there.
Michael William Bell: Again, it's basically just a change in mix. We've been growing that particular loan book. We like the characteristics of that book. We think they're attractive risk-adjusted spreads. But the nominal yield in any particular quarter is going to bounce around based on the mix of those funds.
Michael William Bell: Oh, right. The -- Gerard, mainly that is the maturing of the wholesale CDs that we had, really, back in 2012. That's been -- those have been generally maturing off of the balance sheet.
Michael William Bell: Let's see, Mike, the -- in terms of the IT and ops program, we are now at the full year run rate saves here at Q3. So again, we'll get another tranche in Q4. But incrementally, Q3 to Q4 is approximately 0, so we're already at the full year rate. I just don't quite remember Ed's number from Q2. So there was a small benefit Q3 to Q2. It was not particularly material in the grand scheme of things. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Mike, we're essentially offset by some of the incremental operating expenses from new business installations. So again, when you wash out those 2 together, it's approximately flat.
Michael William Bell: Well, okay. Yes, but importantly, that's all things equal. There are any number of different things in terms of mix of business, regulatory costs, where will NIM be. I mean, again, I -- there -- your arithmetic is correct, but I wouldn't conclude then you should plug 32% into your model.
Michael Mayo: Okay. And 3 very small follow-ups. Why did you guys report so late this quarter? You aren't usually last, the week after everybody else.
Michael Mayo: And then a detailed question. I mean, like, if you look at the bottom of Slide 13, the bottom right-hand corner, the bullet, where it talks about unusual items that helped the third quarter, the gain of $19 million from the sale of a legacy Lehman Brothers-related asset and then the Lehman Brothers-related recovery of $11 million, that's a pretty big onetime benefit for the quarter. So if you take that out, then it would have been an earnings miss for the third quarter. I know this is in the eyes of the beholder, but are there any unusual items that would have offset some of those onetime benefits a little bit? And, I guess, I ask you, Mike, welcome to the job as CFO, here's an earnings miss, or maybe that's the wrong conclusion.
Michael Mayo: Okay, $180 million total. So if you add that to the 30.2% year-to-date rate, then you're at already -- if you get that, that's 32% pretax margin, you'll be there.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, okay. And then maybe we could just touch base a little bit on the securities finance. I know industry-wide, there's been -- sec lending has been down Q-on-Q and year-on-year, but maybe you could just highlight if there's anything specifically that was going on in your program to drive the year-on-year decline that we saw.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So that's more volume driven than, obviously, value driven in terms of the market, right? Because the market was up nicely.
Betsy Graseck: And then in the equity market environment that we got, I don't know, I would've expected that AUC might have been up a little bit more. And I know you spoke through earlier on the call where you're strong, and one of the places you are strong is in the mutual fund industry. So maybe you could square that a little bit for us.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, so you say this is an unusual quarter based on how market participants were behaving relative to the volatility in the rates market and the [indiscernible].
