Joseph Hooley: Thanks, Ed. The momentum of new business wins continued in the second quarter, as you heard. As a result, we achieved strong revenue growth. At the same time, we're very mindful of the various global economic challenges, and so we have been and will continue to be focused on expenses. As we reported to you earlier this morning, we're making progress in executing our business operations in IT transformation program. The 2 new agreements we signed recently with IBM and Wipro represent important milestones in the program's implementation. We generated a modest amount of savings in the second quarter from the program and expect to accelerate as we begin our work with these 2 partners. Our capital position remained strong during the quarter, positioning us well for new capital standards and maintaining flexibility with the right acquisition presents itself. Overall, I think we've performed well during the first half of the year. And as we have continued to execute our strategy, we're adjusting to this challenging environment. Now Ed and I are happy to take your questions.
Joseph Hooley: Sure, Howard. Let me weigh in, and I'll ask Ed to chip in too. Well, from the standpoint of the situation in Europe peripheral countries, most notably, we don't have any direct sovereign exposure, so that's point one, I guess, on our portfolio. I can let Ed comment a little bit more on some other business exposure we might have in Europe. I'd say, generally, we're concerned and cautious and watching it closely. I think, from a counterparty credit standpoint, we have been monitoring for several quarters now the situation in Europe and tend to have counterparty credits focused in the larger, better credits in Europe. And that's not a recent change, that's been that way for the last year. We focused intensely on collateral arrangements to make sure that we're well positioned against the better credits in Europe from a bank standpoint and also that we're watching it carefully so that if something goes against us, we're able to respond. So I'd say that's the monitoring process that we have in place. I feel pretty comfortable about that. To the other side of the equation, I think, two points I'd make. One is that the question often comes up. It came up last year on Italy as we're making the Intesa acquisition: How did the events in Europe affect our core business? I think we continue to see, with some exceptions, savings rates, stable, if not improving, so that's really what drives the core of our business. So core business-wise, I don't see the events in Europe affecting servicing or management fees in a meaningful way. I think the other question, I think, you're probably indirectly asking is the whole consolidation/acquisition scenario in Europe, and I think that's still under pretty close watch. We would expect that, as the European banks recapitalize or deal with capital deficit, should they have them, that they'll look at peripheral businesses and, potentially, there'll be opportunities for us. The screen that we put on that situation is, first and foremost, it has to be strategic. So it has to be either in a market that we don't have exposure to or a product that we don't have access to at the moment. And it has to have the right economics associated with it. So we continue to impose a pretty high economic accrual rate on acquisitions that we're considering. So having said all that, I think we're optimistic that we're well covered on the downside and that there will be opportunities that will emerge out of Europe as a result of the current crisis. Ed, I don't know if I...
Joseph Hooley: Yes, we didn't comment other than broadly, Howard. We did comment on the $280 billion that we booked in the second quarter, and I think half of that was installed, half of that, it's to be installed in the remainder of the year. But I would say, consistently, and I emphasize, that the makeup of the sole business is pretty diversified. We continue to see opportunities across the board. So our pipelines are, I'd say, above average. And I'd also say that our success ratio in deals that we're very interested in is quite high.
Joseph Hooley: It is a hard one. I think, probably, the best indicator would be backward-looking sequential quarter to see what the second quarter bump looked like in years past. I would say that the underlying metrics of the business remained stable, if not slightly improved. You saw the on-loan numbers go up a little bit, spreads move a little bit and pretty stable. So I'd say stable to slightly up as far as the core business metrics. But from a financial modeling, I think, it's probably -- the best way to do that is to look backward and look at how the second quarter peaks.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. I'll scratch my head, but I have -- I share your frustration on that. We're -- we still -- the question is really the equity question, which is: How much capital should a trust bank be required to hold to execute its business model? And I think that quickly gets bound up in Basel, Basel III, SIFI, G-SIFI and the most encouraging point around that is, I think, the issue seems to be clarifying. I think once we get to the point where we know what capital we'll need to hold, if we're at SIFI if there's a top-off charge, then we'll be able to zero in on what we are managing to as far as a return on equity. So I -- you probably know most of that, I wish I could be more insightful. Meanwhile, we're modeling different scenarios, recognizing that investors need a reasonable return. And so we're -- part of the effort you see around our expense reductions, not only short-term, but structural expense reductions, are aligned around making sure that once the capital question clears, we can deliver a good return on capital to shareholders.
Joseph Hooley: Yes. I don't think there's a date certain for the rules to be in place. I think the sequence has been in a little bit of global local Basel put out. When I interpret the 0% to 2.5% to be a global SIFI top-up, I think the Fed and other governments around the world need to weigh in and interpret that for their set of banks. My best guess, Glenn, would be end of year, and that's just me guessing based on talking to different regulators.
Joseph Hooley: Hey, Ken, let me just go backwards for a minute on the selling and benefits, this might be helpful. We, based on your collective questions, we continue to think about how better to portray the IT and ops transformation program. And we're going to be coming back to you with some thoughts over the next few quarters. But the 1,400 headcount reduction that we announced in December, about 2/3 of those employees have left the organization, 1/3 yet to leave, largely will happen in the second half of this year. Of the 850 that we announced this morning, 320 of which moved to vendor partners and the other 500 exit the organization. The 320 will probably move over the next 3 to 6 months. The 520 will largely be laddered in throughout the 2012, concluding in 2013. That just gives you some other sense of how the costs will decline as employees leave the organization.
Joseph Hooley: I think we're in an annual cycle based on the stress test, and so I think the buybacks that the Board has approved, what we plan to execute through the end of this year, and then I think we'll queue up again for a set of stress analysis and capital request as we exit the year and enter 2012. I think that feels like the cycle that we're in with the regulator.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, let me take a shot, John. One, we are thrilled to have CalPERS as an ongoing customer. They're a wonderful investment manager. They challenge us as evidenced by their resigning. I'm pretty pleased with what we do and where we're heading. I wouldn't put a lot of credence into a lot of the stuff you read in the press about pricing, competitive deal. We're pleased with where it came out. I think to your, I guess, to your other question, the environment has changed, the world knows that securities lending isn't driving up the economic benefit that it once was nor is NIR. So I'd say, in new deals, whether as incumbent or as a bidder, it feels like pricing is getting a little better, at least. The recognition that the traditional components of revenue have shifted. And so I see at least stability, if not, some slight improvement there. And we're firming up our position in several of these deals to make sure that we have deals that make economic sense. We've even seen more recently, largely on the back of a customer relationship that had a securities lending dependency, some fee increases. So I would say, I know don't if that's helpful to your question but I would say, if anything, it's feeling a little firmer, getting a little better both sides of the table, understand that the trough created by low interest rates, NIR and securities lending, most notably.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, I think both is the answer. We've got the 10%, 2% market-to-revenue equation, which I think still generally holds up. So market growth upwards provides the 10%, 2% equation to revenues. The volatility more specifically affects foreign exchange trading, probably most notably less so securities lending, less so the core servicing or Asset Management business. So I guess, hearing that explanation, we'd rather see asset prices go up over time. The volatility would have a more direct connect to the foreign exchange and some of the other trading-related businesses.
Joseph Hooley: Absolutely. And I would say it cuts several ways. It cuts against the need to, if you're an asset manager making expenditures for compliance or risk management, it cuts against -- markets, until recently, have performed pretty well. It's pretty uneven, if you look across the asset management landscape, and several folks aren't getting flows or stable if not have downward pressure on their AUMs. And so they're desperate to find ways to rationalize their cost base. So all those factors have and, I predict, will continue to drive outsourcing activity, and you've seen that over several of the recent quarters. That's what's driving the pipeline, and that's what's driving a good deal of new business activity.
Joseph Hooley: Yes, let me try that one. I don't know if it's a zenith or a peak, but certainly, as we get through the second half of the year, we would expect the salary and benefit-to-revenue relationship improve. And that was a smaller increment as we exit the year. And I think that's what Ed is getting at with the first quarter, the second quarter slight improvement. We'd expect some slight improvement as we get to the end of the year. I think, importantly, the IT and ops transformation plan, roughly we would expect $200 million in savings in '12, '13 and '14. I think you can expect that, particularly in '12, that gets a little back-end loaded, and that's the result of whether it is implementing or executing the transition of staff to IBM and Wipro today, whether it's the time it takes to exit staff who are associated with that activity. And then it's also embedded in our IT and ops transformation plan and some movement of staff to a lower cost environment. When you do that, there's a redundancy of costs that you incur for a quarter as you transition staff to, let's say, Poland. You ramp up in Poland, and then it takes a quarter for you to ramp down. So some of this front-end loading of expense are things like that. So I don't know if that gives you some time sequence of second quarter, end-of-year expectations for '12, '13 and '14 and some of the underpinnings of for that.
Joseph Hooley: I think it's largely mix, Mike. The investment operations outsourcing asset, for instance, wouldn't necessarily have custody associated with it, yet it's revenue-driving. So I don't think there's anything unusual in the quarter. Sometimes the mix drives higher custody growth, sometimes less so. So I think that will wrap up the second quarter call. We look forward to talking to everybody at the end of the third quarter. Thanks.
Edward Resch: Yes, let me give you a couple of additional facts relative to the investment portfolio, Howard, which may amplify some of what Jay said. And as you said, there's no sovereign exposure to the peripheral countries in the portfolio. We do have RMBS positions. They're concentrated in the U.K., Netherlands and Germany. They total about $17 billion in total. They have about 0.5 year duration on average, and they're 90% overall AAA rated, 5% AA rated. We do have some immaterial exposure to RMBS in the peripheral countries. In Greece, Portugal and Ireland, there's nothing more than $150 million in RMBS positions, and in Italy, in Spain, it's slightly higher than that. Overall, we feel very comfortable for the investment portfolio's position, given the European situation. And just one further comment now for the bank placements, non-Central Bank European deposits of a little bit over $6 billion. These are normal course-type deposits that we always place. They're with the large banks, Deutsche's, Standard Chartered, HSBC, BNP. So overall, again, to amplify what Jay said, we feel comfortable with where we are in terms of our assets relative to Europe.
Edward Resch: Yes, the driver on Basel III, Howard, is that the securitization reduction positions that we have, have declined fairly dramatically. That is largely due to us getting some securities that were previously not rated and subject to the deduction actually rated. And that's the main contributing factor to that. I would also point out that, overall, would be improvement in the mark. That drove the very significant increase in the Tier 1 common ratio, up to 11.8%.
Edward Resch: Well, we're working on it. I wouldn't expect it to be of the same magnitude that we've already achieved. There's some incremental positions that we're in the process of attempting to get rated. But probably, most of that improvement is behind us from that perspective, Howard.
Edward Resch: I'll give you some detail on the SEC lending, which -- all my comments previously, Glenn, were on the portfolio and the [indiscernible] position that we have on balance sheet. So in terms of SSgA securities lending and cash portfolios, okay, we have no exposure to sovereign debted peripheral countries in those portfolios. And we have no exposure in U.S. 2a-7 registered funds to banks in peripheral countries. We have a small amount of exposure to -- in non-U.S. registered funds to banks in peripheral countries, around $3 billion in Italy and a little over $1 billion in Spain. The maturities are short, a little bit over 2 months on average. And in terms of SSgA's fixed income exposure, we own fixed income instruments at the benchmark weighting, okay? So overall, we feel like we have a pretty well-diversified mix of assets with the most credit-worthy entities. We're comforted somewhat by the relatively positive outcome of the European stress test. And SSgA is in a, we believe, a fairly good position relative to the European situation.
Edward Resch: Yes. The spending relative to the contract employees that I referred to, Ken, for the of ops in IT transformation work is, sometimes, and this quarter is one of those times, ahead of the saves, okay? So we will have periods of time, and all of this is included in our comments on what we expect to get out of the program over the years, we will have periods of time where some expenses are increased in order to execute on the program. And to put that in term -- in dollar terms for you, in the first quarter, that was about $15 million for first to second quarter, okay? So that's a large piece of the ramp-up from Q1 to Q2. So that will happen, and when it happens, we'll obviously talk about it in the periods in which it happens.
Edward Resch: Yes, I mean, our thinking long-term, Ken, is that it should be around that 40% level. Again, we may have periods or even a year where it's above. We've had some years where it's below. But our thinking is that it should be around that level, so this year is no exception to that. I would think we trend down. We've trended down from the first quarter, which was 41.8% down this quarter to 40.8%, so 100 basis points down on that. And our thinking really hasn't changed.
Edward Resch: Yes, nothing incremental relative to litigation. I mean, we have legal expenses that we incur every quarter, but there's nothing outstanding in this quarter versus the first. I'd say the 2 main drivers of the regulatory costs that we're talking about is, number one, the new FDIC kicked in effective April 1. And that is a modest uptick for us on a quarter-by-quarter basis over the year. If you remember, we originally thought perhaps it would be even greater than what it turned out to be, but there's still a modest uptick, and that is part of the increase sequential quarter. And then the other piece of it is professional services consulting fees that we've incurred incrementally for Dodd-Frank implementation analysis. We, like others, have a lot of work going on, trying to figure out what it precisely means for us. We're using consultants to do that. And then we have some professional services costs associated with the operations and IT transformation program. So FDIC and consulting costs are the 2 main drivers of Other.
Edward Resch: I think that, that $15 million will probably be in the range of $10 million to $15 million over the remainder of the year per quarter, and that's an estimate at this point. So there's a certain level of run rate especially earlier on as we're ramping this year for execution on the project. But to give you the other element of the quarter-to-quarter increase, our merit increases were in the range of $20 million, in fact, for the quarter. So the $20 million plus the $15 million is for the contractors is the increase for the quarter.
Edward Resch: Well, again, I think we've talked about a couple of the main drivers of the expense increase, the salaries and benefits line that I just touched on and the other expenses. Those are the main elements on the expense side. We had transaction processing increase, 7% linked quarter, but that's actually a good thing. That demonstrates volume increases, and that's reflective of increased revenue in the top line. So that's a net positive to the NIBT. You have to remember too that securities finance at a $137 million for the quarter is, while it's up significantly over the first quarter, that's a relatively modest level of achievement, given what that business has historically performed.
Edward Resch: Yes. We started in mid-May, so your suspicion is correct. So we'll have obviously the full quarter effect in Q3 of what we bought back in Q2. I would also point out that one of the reasons why average shares may not have gone down as much as you would have thought was because we had to get the effect of the employee-related compensation issuances that we made in the calculation.
Edward Resch: Brian, if I can interject, okay? The $165 million is a life-to-date number, if you will. $155 million was taken last year, and there's been $10 million taken as restructuring charges in the first half of 2011. So that's $165 million in 2011. And it's showing as a one-line item.
Edward Resch: Probably more towards the end of the year, more back-loaded this year. But I mean again we're talking about what we call -- we've termed and estimate to be modest savings this year overall.
Edward Resch: All else equal, Brian, relative to this ops in IT transformation project, yes. A lot of the benefit that we expect to see will manifest itself in the salary and benefit line.
Edward Resch: Yes, I mean, yes, we have some costs that we're incurring that we're calling operating costs. They're included in all of our numbers, and we view them as temporary costs, okay? We're ramping up. We have some potential overlap during the period of implementation. And those costs, once the project moves along, will go away.
Edward Resch: Yes, Mike, I think generally, second half, in the range of flat, maybe up a little bit but flat, flattish.
Brian Bedell: Right, right. So the $165 million that you talked about in the first half so far in terms of what you spent, so...
Brian Bedell: Right, right. So as we move into 2012 though, I mean, that -- I mean, what you think you would see a pretty significant improvement in the comp to revenue ratio, I mean, assuming revenue trends have sort of normalized -- it shouldn't be normalized, but maybe if we have this type of a macro environment even moving into 2012, given that sort of the implementation cost versus the savings, shouldn't we see that comp to revenue ratio improve significantly from the...
Brian Bedell: Okay, okay. And then end-of-period share count and the comments on plans for buybacks versus what you got approved for from the Fed, I guess, in the second half.
