David Petratis: Thanks, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Allegion saw another quarter of strong topline revenue growth with strength across all regions. The Americas saw strong volumes in the nonresidential business as end market fundamentals continue to be positive, particularly in institutional verticals. EMEA and Asia-Pacific saw organic growth rates in the mid-single digits. Acquisitions continued to contribute to total company revenue growth. Electronics growth moderated in the fourth quarter, with the Americas seeing approximately 7% growth. Residential electronics performed well. However, the nonresidential electronics growth decelerated due to the timing of large orders. We had full-year electronics growth of high teens in the Americas, with strength in both parts of the business. We see the electronics outlook continue to be a long-term positive trend as more and more products become connected for ease of access. As I stated earlier, nonresidential US end markets remain healthy, with particular strength in institutional verticals. We do see residential new construction softening, but we expect this to be mitigated by electronics and channel initiatives to drive above-market growth.  The quarter saw continued inflationary pressures which we believe will ease in 2019. Commodities have leveled off and we project to have another solid year in price realization, with particular strength in our Americas nonresidential businesses. In the fourth quarter, we delivered nearly 10% adjusted EPS growth, bringing the full year expansion to approximately 14% as we drove a robust 37% increase in available cash flow which totaled more than $400 million for the year. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with the revenue performance in both the quarter and the full year. Additionally, while operating margin could have been better, I'm satisfied with the growth in EPS that we delivered in the quarter and the full year. Please go to slide 5 and I'll walk through the fourth-quarter financial summary. In Q4, Allegion delivered strong topline revenue growth. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $702.4 million, an increase of 12.4%, inclusive of the organic growth of 6.7%.  Acquisitions also contributed to the topline revenue expansion, offsetting the slightly unfavorable currency impact. All regions grew organically. Americas led the way with organic growth of 7.6% in the quarter, driven by strength in our nonresidential business.  The EMEA region saw organic growth of 4.3%, driven by performance in the SimonsVoss and the Interflex businesses. Asia-Pacific had a nice quarter of organic growth, coming in at 4.6% against a tough comparable. Adjusted operating margins decreased 130 basis points due to the dilution related to acquisitions made in 2018. Excluding the impact of these acquisitions, the base operating margins were up 20 basis points. Inflationary headwinds continued to pressure margin and exceeded price and productivity in the quarter. The company is committed to driving price realization and productivity actions, such that, for 2019, the price-productivity-inflation dynamic is expected to be positive, helping to drive margin expansion across all regions of the business. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.22 increased $0.11 or nearly 10% versus the prior year. The increase was driven by higher operating income along with a favorable year-over-year tax rate.  Available cash flow for the year came in over $408 million, an increase of more than 37% versus prior year. Increased earnings and the non-reoccurring 2017 discretionary pension funding drove the increase. Please go to slide 6. Before I turn the call over to Patrick, I want to talk a little about some of the things we are doing in the connected home space.  In 2015, Schlage was the first smart lock to respond to "Hey, Siri. Open my lock." Now, Schlage Encode is the first lock to work with the Key by Amazon app and ring devices without needing a Wi-Fi hub. It's built right into the lock. With Schlage Encode, we took a different approach to development. Starting first with the connected home platform and developing the lock around the desired user experience, the user-first approach is part of our strategic plan to develop and integrate with leaders in connected home platforms. In addition, we recently announced the Schlage Connect Z-Wave Plus enhancement and its compatibility with ring and Schlage Connect Zigbee certified locks with support home automation systems. Our deep experience in connected home security has made us a go-to partner for a wide variety of platforms and home automation solutions, including Amazon, Ring, Alarm.com, Google and Apple. We will continue to build relationships to benefit consumers and accelerate adoption of Schlage smart products. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results and I'll be back to update you on our full-year 2019 outlook.
David Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go slide number 14. We continue to see favorable trends on our primary end markets in 2019. And it is our expectation that the organic investments, combined with our ability to execute, will again deliver better than market growth. We also believe the electronic portfolio will continue to outpace mechanical in all regions and we are well-positioned to continue to take advantage of this industry trend. In the Americas, we see continued positive fundamentals in our nonresidential verticals, led by the institutional markets. We expect the general trend toward electronic products to continue, which helped mitigate the softening that we are expecting in residential new construction. With these expectations, we project organic revenue growth in the Americas of 5% to 6%. We are projecting Americas' total revenue expansion to also be 5% to 6%, with any remaining impact from the 2018 acquisitions to be offset by currency headwinds. For the EMEA region, we expect strength in our electronics business to more than offset weaknesses in Southern Europe and the United Kingdom. For the region, we project organic growth of 2.5% to 4.5%. Currency headwinds are expected to more than offset acquisition benefits, bringing expected total revenue growth in EMEA region to flat to 2%. In Asia-Pacific, we continue to see healthy growth in China, with softening markets in Australia and New Zealand. Organic growth in the region is estimated to be 4% to 6% and total revenue growth is estimated to be 22% to 24%, reflecting the full-year impact of the acquisition of Gainsborough Hardware and API. All in, we are projecting total growth of the company at 5% to 6% and our organic growth also at 5% to 6%. Please go to slide 15. Our 2019 outlook for adjusted earnings per share is $4.75 to $4.90, an increase of approximately 6% to 9%. As indicated, the earnings increase is driven by revenue growth and operational improvements as adjusted operating earnings are expected to increase 10% to 14%. Inflationary pressures will continue to be a headwind in the first half of the year, but we anticipate pricing and productivity actions to help drive margin expansion for 2019. Incremental investments continue to be a headwind as we continue to focus on accelerating new product development and channel initiatives, which we believe enable us to keep delivering above-market growth and allowing us to take advantage of the shifting customer preferences to electronic products. Other expense is expected to be a drag on EPS, primarily driven by pension expense. Our outlook assumes a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 16%, an increase from 13.5% in 2018 and outstanding diluted shares of approximately 95.5 million. The outlook also includes $0.15 per share impact from restructuring charges and acquisition-related costs during the year. As a result, reported EPS is estimated to be $4.60 to $4.75. We are projecting our available cash flow for 2019 to be in the $430 million to $450 million range. Please go to slide 16. We're very pleased with our 2018 topline growth that delivered organic revenue expansion of 6%, driven by electronics which we see as a positive trend for us in the future. While operating margin could have been better, we did deliver full-year adjusted EPS growth of nearly 14% in 2018 and we saw a robust 37% increase in available cash flow to more than $400 million. As we look to 2019, we expect to drive continual organic growth above market. We also expect to deliver solid growth in adjusted EPS and generate substantial available cash flow. We are well-positioned for 2019 and are committed to make the world safer, securing the places where people thrive.  I want to finish by saying that 2018 also marks Allegion's first five years as an independent company From the beginning, we told customers, shareholders and employees we would deliver sustained profitable growth and greater value. We have delivered industry-leading organic growth at a five-year CAGR of 5.6%. We have industry-leading margins. We are focused on the safety of our employees, health of our employees and employee engagement. We invested in the business, especially in electronics, and our positioned nicely for the future. Allegion is a company our shareholders can be proud to own. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David Petratis: Josh, I would just say, in the institutional/commercial, you can get some relatively large projects where you go in and retrofit an entire building or campus. This is what we saw. We continue to be extremely motivated by the growth that we see in electronics and Allegion's position as we go forward.
David Petratis: So, think about a residential position about 30%. As we look to 2019, the new construction elements of the residential market will be softening. I think that's well understood. We have – in the retrofit side of it, which was our strongest position with our new electronic products, we believe that will give us good opportunities for growth and is really how we've been positioning the company.  In a single-family, multi-family, electronic penetration is low single-digits and we're growing well above that, and we think it sets up nicely. We have also, in our channel initiatives, have some success winning some large contract with top builders. And we think, overall, we're set up for a nice year in a softer residential environment.
David Petratis: I think in terms of the big box, there was some shifting in terms of the timing of orders as they saw deceleration in the res side of the market. We do see new competitors coming into the electronic space around res. I think if you walk through the Consumer Electronics Show, there's many new entries. I think the number of announcements and enhancements that we made to our product portfolio in terms of connectivity, as well as our channel initiatives, it positions us nicely for 2019.
David Petratis: Josh, I would add to that. I think I put a lot on the business in 2018. Seven acquisitions. We really pressed hard on the digitization. And as we prepare to refresh our strategic plan and went through our budgets to prepare for 2019 and really a heavy emphasis on execution and focus and I think we'll get that leverage back to our 2017 OI operating margins. 
David Petratis: I think continued expansion in the electronic portfolios. Extremely pleased with the SimonsVoss, Interflex performance. And I think the European market, especially in the res side of things, in its infancy, the slowest growth market. As that picks up acceleration, we think we're in a good position to benefit from that.
David Petratis: So, on the inflation side, on materials specifically, commodity is kind of a mixed bag. Steel still remains higher than prior year levels. However, zinc and brass, some other major inputs into our products, lower. Collectively, Rich, we're not quite at a point right now where the year-over-year is going to show significant improvement. It's going to be more backend loaded, I would say, on materials. And then, you do have the continued inflation just on the normal operational stuff. So, think about it across the board, whether it be salaries on personnel, freight, packaging, all these type of input costs throughout the supply chain to get our product to customers. We are experiencing increased costs relative to the prior-year. So, we'll continue to manage that through cost-containment and/or driving productivity, whether it be through CapEx spending or other measures to get continued efficiencies in our manufacturing footprint.
David Petratis: I would say, in terms of specific initiatives to grow in resi, more segmentation in the market. I mentioned earlier that we're picking up some wins with the big builders. We think that's driven by our electronic capabilities. Multi-family will continue to be strong in 2019. And this, again, is where electronic access is a value creator for those residential operators. And then, working with the big box in terms of point of display and inventory stocking to make sure that we've got the products on the shelves that will help pull through sales of our Schlage products.
David Petratis: I would add to that, we are very intentional in our 2019 budgeting. I think we've got the activities that will drive margin expansion throughout the year, but the nature of it, some of these projects will go over multi quarters and will pick up momentum as the year goes on.
David Petratis: I'd say in terms of the month-to-month growth, we naturally slow down with the construction cycle as we go through the fourth quarter. We saw some of that. I think you also saw, particularly res, our big box partner backing off some orders because of the softness that was projected in the overall res market.
David Petratis: I'd say government shutdown, we were more heavily impacted by weather. When mechanical installers can't get on the jobsite, you see that. And there are parts of the country that are having some pretty tough challenges. We'll see that as it develops, but I'd hang that on weather versus the government shutdown.
David Petratis: So, our view on residential new construction is softer in 2019 versus 2018. I think we mitigate that somewhat through our electronic offerings and our strong position in retrofit. As we move to the noninstitutional, we continue to see strength in the educational market, which is K-12 and college campuses. That's one of our strongholds. Two things working there. You've got continued investment in electronic conversion. We think healthcare continues to be a good opportunity for the company, not so much in the big hospitals, but in the trend to go to smaller medical suites, diagnostic center, those types of things that you see happening nationwide. And then, commercial offices continue to be okay. As I travel around the country, and I have extensively in the last 75 days, I feel a good pulse and beat in the commercial and institutional campuses, and that's reflected in how we see our growth in 2019.
David Petratis: I believe, as I look at our backlog, they remain healthy. More importantly, the spec and quote remain healthy on both of these verticals. I wouldn't characterize it as an acceleration. I just think as we continue to drive portfolio expansion through new products and acquisitions like AV and TGP, as well as superior execution on working these more complex application, we tend to get more than our fair share.  And I look at these market as solid and our execution can be good and it's going to benefit us in the next 12 months.
David Petratis: So, we have been in the hollow metal business since 1970. So, this is something under the Steelcraft brand. We're pretty knowledgeable of the space. I think as we moved into the Middle East and look back on that acquisition, number one, you've got market turbulence with some of the political instability in the Middle East. Number two, there was a pretty good change in the mix of business under the previous ownership that was target on prisons [ph] that moved. And then, third, you've got to be mindful – I don't care if you look at the wood or hollow metal business, these are tough areas to operate. So, we're mindful of that. We believe that the acquisition of QMI, Republic and what we've done with AV Systems, which is a sliding door capability, complements our strategy. We'll get those integrated and they'll perform to our satisfaction in the future.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So, Josh, I would characterize it as follows. We commented really good strength in pricing in the commercial area. Pricing on residential was lower than anticipated, primarily due to promotional activities and some rebates and those type of things. And that ebbs and flows during the course of the year occasionally. So, a little bit lower pricing than anticipated on the residential side. On the productivity, continue to get good productivity, particularly on materials. Inflation was more than anticipated, not so much on the raw materials, but more on the nonmaterial side. So, inefficiencies associated with nonmaterials on manufacturing, those type of things. As we look forward to 2019, we believe we have a very strong pipeline in terms of productivity on both material and productivity projects from a manufacturing perspective. The dynamic will become positive in 2019 and it will continue to get better during the course of the year, particularly on the inflation side where, as you know, the commodities have kind of stabilized today relative to where they were in Q3. It starts to almost become deflation in the second half of the year, so that will benefit us as we progress throughout 2019.
Patrick Shannon: So, really good, continued strong growth in resi, electronics. It was more of a tough comp relative to last year on the non-resi side. But as we look forward again to 2019, don't see any reason why we can't sustain kind of mid-teens electronics growth across our portfolio. Feel really good where we're positioned, particularly when we look at some of our new products that we've introduced earlier this year. Dave talked about Encode. I think that's going to grow well for us this year. We've got some other things in the pipeline going forward. So, I think we're well-positioned to continue to take advantage of this trend. And as you know, it's still low penetration rates overall from a residential adoption and new homes. And so, we think that will continue to drive outperformance going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So, Q4 pricing was anticipated to be sequentially down relative to Q3. And the reason for that is because, in Q3, we basically had the effect of two price increases in there. Remember, we pulled forward the pricing increase at the beginning of the quarter. And 2017, you had a price increase that went into effect in August, and so you had, in effect, two price increases, if you will, for one of the months in the quarter. So, the expectation was that the pricing was going to come down sequentially. 1.5% is still pretty strong when we look at how the rest of the market is performing. Commercial, we continue to perform extremely well. Very pleased with how the team is pushing price there and remaining competitive on big quote activity. The decline may be a little bit lighter than expected and, again, it relates to the residential business on the promotional activities and the sell-through to the consumer. I don't look at that necessarily a longer term impact. Going into 2019, would expect pricing to remain robust and would expect us to be able to deliver kind of the 1.5% increase year-over-year in 2019 relative to 2018.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. I think that's absolutely fair. And as we've indicated on the guidance for 2019, all of the EPS growth is operational related. And it's the pressure on the blow [ph] items that were getting lower than expected earnings per share growth. So, the idea here is we're going to continue to press price to the extent we can and market remain competitive and we believe we're well-positioned to do that in 2019. The inflation dynamic is subsiding, particularly on the materials side. That will benefit us as well. We've got a strong pipeline of productivity actions that we're going to implement. We've got some areas of opportunity for improvement. I'd call it self-help on the M&A integration that we performed lower than anticipated. And then, we've initiated some restructuring activities that will help reduce our cost base as well. So, collectively, when you add all that together, I think we're well-positioned to execute on margin improvement across all regions of the business. And I feel pretty good relative to the guide. It should help us get back to kind of the 2017 margins that we enjoyed in that year.
Patrick Shannon: So, I would start off by saying, from a capital structure perspective, as you guys know, we ended the year in the best position since spin in terms of our leverage ratio, which provides with a lot of optionality and flexibility going forward. I just think we're well positioned there. If you look at our capital allocation strategy, three pillars – organic investments, M&A, shareholder distribution. On the organic investments, we talk about that. We're going to continue to invest in the business for opportunities that will expand our channel presence, getting more of the wallet from our distribution base, as well as the expanding new products through R&D efforts and those type of things, promotional items, demand creation. That's based in our earnings per share and we'll continue to manage that with nice earnings growth going forward. So, your question on the M&A, as Dave mentioned, we executed a lot of acquisitions in 2018. There's opportunities to continue to drive performance in those and spend maybe a little bit more time continuing to integrate those. And if you look at our history in terms of our acquisition performance, they really start to perform nicely kind of 2 to 3 years out. So, you have to look at these more on a long-term basis. And we'll continue to drive that execution. Having said that, we will continue to remain active and looking at opportunities to expand our business either through new products or geographic expansion. Our pipeline remains robust. But the key is we'll be disciplined. And we'll only do transactions that we believe will provide a good return on invested capital going forward, of course. Shareholder distribution, we're not going to hoard cash. And we've always said, we're going to utilize the capital that we generate to either do M&A or shareholder distributions through the incremental dividend. You mentioned 29% increase this year. And you can probably see it's being more active on share buyback right now. And we're going to execute our capital allocation strategy to provide the best return we can for our shareholders going forward. And that could be either M&A or shareholder distribution or a combination of those.
Patrick Shannon: So, I would characterize it this way. As David said, continuous improvement to get to kind of our top competitor in that market landscape would require either significant facility rationalization and/or scale, getting more back-office synergies, those type of things would certainly facilitate that. But there's opportunity for continuous improvement and we will continue to drive that.
Patrick Shannon: You should think about it as project related. Remember, we put up a 30% in Q3 which was pretty impressive. The steam came out of that. I think when you think about our electronics growth, I'd look at it on multiple quarters. We continue to be at the high teens level in a market that we think is converting at maybe 7% to 8%.
Patrick Shannon: So, minimal because most of them have already lapped, okay? So, most of the acquisitions for Americas has now lapped itself. Europe, there is like a one month additional month in there. So, there's not any really incremental benefit in 2019 related to 2018 acquisitions. I think the key point to mention in the guide, it doesn't assume any additional M&A activity which would be accretive to earnings and/or share repurchase. So, it's kind of – look at it as an organic basis and that could be, if executed appropriately, some additional earnings growth.
Patrick Shannon: So, the $0.15 on the incremental investment is distributed really basis of the size of the region. So, therefore, you would have a higher emphasis on investment in Americas relative to Europe and Asia. They are specific around driving new product development. So, putting more emphasis on resources and engineering to accelerate new product – get products out to the market faster. With the channel initiatives -- so think of demand creation, really trying to accelerate electronics growth, whether it be in the resi and/or non-residential segment. So, we will continue to do that. Those would be the key items. As you kind of look at phasing in 2019, little bit more front-end loaded in our plan for 2019 than what you might have historically seen. So, we'll continue to invest in the business. We believe they provide good growth opportunities, good cash on cash payback as well as return on capital.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. Maybe a little bit more back-end loaded, I think. It's interesting, on the growth side of things, which we get pretty good operating leverage on growth, coming out of the gate, Q1 is always a little bit lighter relative to our overall growth and then it accelerates in Q2, Q3 kind of relative to the seasonality of our business. And we saw some good acceleration in Q4. So, I would kind of think about it in the same type of pattern, but from a margin contribution perspective, with the inflation kind of subsiding more in the back end of the year, so look at a heavier mix of operational improvement in the second half relative to the first half.
Patrick Shannon: The other thing I would add, and then [indiscernible], just across the landscape of various businesses, the cold weather has impacted a little bit. We've had some occasions of factory shutdowns just because of the extreme cold temperatures in certain regions of the US. So, a little impact there as well.
Patrick Shannon: So, all tariff exposure is built to the guidance basis of what we know today. We'll see and monitor how that develops going forward. I think you've heard us talk previously that we don't have a lot of exposure because we source, manufacture and sell pretty much in region. For products that we do import from China, to the extent that they are exposed to tariffs beginning in March, that is baked in our guidance. However, as we've indicated, we are mitigating the impact of that, either through price increase that we instituted late last year and/or productivity resourcing, those type of things, to minimize those impacts. So, all of that is baked in. So, a favorable outcome could be some upside going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So, I can't really, obviously, comment on other companies and their particular tax situations. But maybe the general comment is relative to some of these proposed regulations that were issued at the end of the year, they are extremely complex and, as you say, can impact foreign-domiciled companies as well as multinational companies. And so, maybe your commentary is kind of caught up in that. I think there's going to be a lot of commentary and we'll see kind of where that ends up. But relative to Allegion, we've evaluated those extensively with our outside advisors. And we've made some necessary tweaks, necessary to kind of feel pretty good relative to our 16% effective tax rate guide for 2019. And we'll see where it goes going forward, but I think we're okay for 2019. And as it relates to interest deductibility relative to the US tax reform in 2017, that does impact us a little bit from a cash tax perspective and that's baked in our available cash flow numbers. So, our cash taxes, because of some of that limitation, will always be higher than our book provision.
Patrick Shannon: I don't see that, Jeff. We've got a nice position out of the Baja that we think sets that up nicely. Our res electronics are built there and we think the superior access to market and be able to get those in production quickly really helps us. So, feel good about our position. 
Patrick Shannon: So, obviously, the QMI performance was disappointing in the quarter. Tough market conditions. And that business is a longer-earnings process. So, think of installation work and when jobs get deferred for whatever reason, you're kind of saddled with some fixed costs that hit us in the quarter. We're taking action to mitigate some of those costs going forward and would expect sequential improvement continuous throughout the year to get back to profitability. So, that will start being reported, obviously, in base business beginning this quarter for Europe. So, think of Europe in aggregate along with the rest of the business with continuous margin improvement during the course of the year, either through better performance on this QMI business specifically and/or productivity – the price-inflation dynamic getting better. And so, you'll see us back close to that double-digit operating profit margin for the full year.
