David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 13. Looking at full-year revenue guidance, we are increasing our growth expectations for the full year by 1 point. In the Americas, we are improving organic revenue growth by 50 basis points, reflecting the third quarter results. Reported full-year revenue growth for the Americas remains consistent to prior guidance as the increases in organic revenue is offset by increased currency headwinds. We see the end markets as unchanged from prior guidance with regard to verticals or construction growth. Total revenue for EMEIA region now reflects the inclusion of the SimonsVoss and AXA acquisitions, while growth guidance remained unchanged. The largest change occurs within our Asia-Pacific region, where we now forecast organic revenues to decline for the full year by negative 13% to 15%. This impact flows through the total Asia-Pacific revenues that are primarily offset by the inclusion of the Milre acquisition. As Patrick mentioned earlier, when discussing Q3 results, the revenue call down is related to the Bocom Wincent system integration business where we now forecast a number of large projects to be delayed until 2016. And note that we would continue to include Bocom Wincent in our guidance as announced, but not yet closed transaction. Furthermore, margins for Bocom Wincent are historically strongest in the fourth quarter due to increased volume, which compensates for operating losses in the first three quarters. Given the reduction in volume, we expect full-year margins for Asia-Pacific to be down from prior year and close to breakeven. We estimate the earnings impact of the lower Bocom Wincent revenues in the fourth quarter to be a headwind of approximately $0.05 versus prior guidance. Inclusive of this impact, we are still able to increase full-year adjusted EPS from continuing operations to a range a $2.85 to $2.90. This reflects an improvement of our adjusted effective tax rate now estimated to be 20% for the full year, an improved operational performance. Furthermore, this incorporates the impact of acquisitions as well as increased interest expense related to the new senior notes. Please go to slide 14. The third quarter results were very strong and represented solid growth with a 5.1% organic revenue increase, a 120 basis point margin expansion and adjusted earnings per share growth of over 35%. From a market perspective, the trends for the U.S. market are still leaning positive, although economic data remains choppy. And after a long recessionary cycle, we are seeing signs of slight improvements in our primary European geographies. In Asia-Pacific, China growth is decelerating, while other countries outside China are holding. Overall, the business continues to perform well, and we are executing at a high level. We're making the top portfolio decisions that need to be made and we'll continue to execute on our strategies to drive profitable growth and customer satisfaction. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: As we see the institutional markets, they continue to lean positive. But we don't see a huge sea change in the environment that we've operated in previously. I recently was at our California field office and was extremely pleased with the bond approvals for Southern California schools. So, it tends to support our view and I think your view that institutional spending, state government spending is improving. But we're still nowhere near normal.
David D. Petratis: I think it's a mixed bag. It's positive, as I saw in California, you move into some of the oil patches, like Texas, which has been a good driver, softer. So, I think you've got to take into context, we continue to be leaning positive, but we still think we've got a couple of years for the institutional state budgets to normalize.
David D. Petratis: 10% target doesn't change. We lost a couple months in the labor negotiations, which we closed. And overall, very pleased with the trajectory of the base business and believe SimonsVoss and AXA pushes us well into our goal aspirations. But our goal remains the same. On the base business, 10% OI and we're headed towards that achievement.
David D. Petratis: So, we reviewed our channel initiatives and growth in the retrofit and tenant improvement build-out in the quarter. The results are exceeding our expectations, but I want to ground you, we launched that program in six cities. I've said clearly, our target is to launch that across the United States and Canada, let's say 32 cities, and we'll do that over 36 months. But we're pleased with the progress and it's embedded in our organic growth. And we see further progress as we move into 2016 and 2017. I think why wouldn't I go faster? This program's got to be done correctly and it takes people. And so, pleased with the results and we'll continue to work on these areas.
David D. Petratis: We are mindful of that. Whatever the economy deals us, I think you can look for us to execution, but we erred on the side of caution.
David D. Petratis: We raised prices end of Q3. We saw some effects of that in the quarter. I would say the pricing environment continues to be slightly positive. I think in the Americas, we got a little less than 1%. And we continue to see that moving forward as opportunistic, how can we sharpen our gain in terms of achieving price realization on the commercial as well as the residential side.
David D. Petratis: So, from a competitive standpoint, in big box, our results are strong. We think the overall demand, especially for renovation and retrofit, is positive. New home starts again will be choppy, but we think they normalize around 1.4 million to 1.6 million; we like that. We think the new products; Schlage Touch, Schlage Sense, Schlage Pulse, actually expands the total available market for our products. So, I'm net positive and I think we're executing well. I challenge all of you, understand the new Schlage Sense. It's a superior product out there and I think we'll perform well in that environment versus the competition.
David D. Petratis: So, ironically, our door business, Steelcraft, is an early indicator, because in the new construction, it's like cement and starts, so it gives you an indication of what's ahead. And I'd say, generally, that business continues to lean positively. I think all of this construction, whether it's residential, commercial, is capped by labor availability, land availability. And if I looked at just frame, doorframes, that market continues to be positive.
David D. Petratis: I think Safe Schools is predominantly driven by funding. There is movement. The State of California has passed legislation that requires locks with visible signaling capability that you can visually see that is secure for rooms with over five people. But there's still a long way to go on this. We've created a list for consortium and awareness on this. But we're still on the front-end of this initiative. And I think we're providing some good thought leadership in terms of how do we keep students safe, but how do we also create an environment that allows them to exit, if required. I mean, you've got concerns of fire safety as well as violence safety. This is all opportunistic, but it continues to be in its infancy in development and I think lacks funding.
David D. Petratis: So, think about Asia-Pacific in our mechanical core business $90 million to $100 million, slightly profitable on today's scale. We'll work to put improved profitability and growth into that region similar to what we've done in Europe. I think the thing to remember, Asia-Pacific, from a mechanical electronic standpoint, grew low-double digits in the quarter. So, with our FSH acquisition, the Milre acquisition, we think we're building a base there that can compete. And it's another strategic issue that will go to drive what's our long-term view there. But we think – we're positive on the region. We think China, India, the whole area will continue to be a growth opportunity for us and will position ourselves over the long term.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Just a little bit more color too, Rob (36:21). The majority of that price increase or what you're seeing in the numbers year-over-year is on the commercial side. Residential has kind of been a challenge throughout the course of the year. Anytime we introduce new products, that's not reflected in a price change, i.e., it's just the delta shows up in organic growth or new products.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, we'll be giving full year 2016 guidance at the next quarterly conference call. The acquisitions are accretive to the overall margins. So, you would expect to see, as you look at the European region next year, to be north of 10%, certainly. As Dave highlighted, the business has really made good progress relative to the margin expansion. On the base business, we continue to get the carryover effects relative to the restructuring programs we executed last year. Team has done a great job on pricing. We talked about really looking at customer-specific accounts and trying to be more specific there in terms of implementing and executing price increases. This move, in terms of the facility, helps bridge the gap from base business performance to get us closer to that 10% margin on base business. So, a lot of good progress there. When we go out with guidance on a going-forward basis, we'll probably be talking about how the overall European region is performing and provide guidance relative to that aspect.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, you saw in the quarter, again, net of the incremental interest associated with the acquisitions, i.e., the new senior notes, about a $0.02 contribution, net. I would anticipate to see something similar in Q4 relative to the acquisition performance. And going forward, you would expect that perhaps to get a little bit stronger as we begin to realize the integration efforts, synergy attainment and those type of things.
Patrick S. Shannon: That's correct. And that business, in particular, Q4, I mean, last year had a very strong quarter. There was a couple of large project wins in the quarter. And so, if you look at it year-over-year, it's about a $30 million call down in the quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, you guys are aware. I mean, we target a leverage ratio from 3.25 to 2.75. We're a little bit north of that today. Not concerning because of the free cash flow generation of this business. We delever fairly quickly and we'll do so next year. So, I think next year's plan would kind of put us back in the middle of that range. And we've indicated previously that would not have an issue with going to, say, 4 times leverage for the right transactions. And we also have our equity currency that we could use for the right type of strategic deal.
Patrick S. Shannon: For this year, no. So, the majority of the rate improvement for Q3 was one-time favorable discrete items. We've got a full year effective rate of 20%, which puts Q4 around 22%, which was our beginning-of-the-year guidance. We are still marching towards the 20% target for 2016, making some good progress there, a little headwind relative to the acquisitions just given the nature where the earnings are. But I think we'll be able to execute some tax planning strategies that mitigate that and get us within the target that we established last year for 20% in 2016.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, we had or beginning-of-year guidance had guided incremental investments around $0.15 to $0.20 per share impact year-to-date. We're around $0.15. Q4, you're going to see a tapering off. Maybe there is $0.02 to $0.03 impact. And the year-over-year impact relative to the margin comes down, maybe to around 40 basis points or 50 basis points. You may recall last year, Q4 in particular, really stepped up our activities associated with engineering and those repair retrofit market opportunity that Dave talked about, making incremental investments in the channel, et cetera. So, it does start coming down. You kind of look forward to 2016, and you would expect the incremental year-over-year investments to also decrease on a full year basis as we previously highlighted at our shareholder meeting in March.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, if you kind of start with the beat relative to Q3 performance, tax, $0.07 to $0.08; ops, $0.05 or so, and you had other of a penny. The way you should probably think about Q4 is – or the full year is that that carries forward and then you've got a negative reduction on Bocom, which we mentioned a $0.05, and that's offset by acquisitions net of interest of a couple pennies and then the general business or operations $0.03 is how I would kind of characterize it, if you got midpoint to midpoint.
Patrick S. Shannon: We've got it in for the full quarter. If the divestiture takes place, let's say, December 1, for example, it would have some added pressure on earnings, because a lot of the revenue generation is in the month of December, it's just the way the contracts work with the government. But we'll see and we'll talk about that when we get there.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, normally, we don't provide quarterly guidance relative to regions, but given the accretion relative to the acquired businesses and some of the improvements that the business is executed on during the course of the year. North of last year, I mean, you're exactly right. Seasonally, it is the best quarter for that segment of our business. I think it was around 11% or so last year. So, you can expect the results for this quarter to be north of that in aggregate.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, the actions implemented to offset FX predominantly was in Europe, smaller part of our business, but they did see some good price pull through in the quarter. But from an overall perspective, relative to the total company, small impact on price, so the majority of the price improvement you saw coming through in Americas, very little FX related. And so, we would expect with a new price increase announced this quarter, hopefully, that trend to continue going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: No, we didn't. I mean, the list price is always announced at a higher level. And then when you settle after discounts and rebates, et cetera, it's lower. But normally, we look to try to get a 1% net price improvement year-over-year. That's the target.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, the inflation comment really salaries, people-oriented-type costs. Materials year-to-date, I'd say, we're at a net positive when I look at how prices have reacted, particularly given the commodity cost today. I mean, you're looking at spot rates for brass, zinc, copper, et cetera, 20%-plus below last year's average rate. And we would expect to participate in that decline in cost. Keep in mind, our raw material purchases, not a large percentage of our overall material buy. And we do enter into supplier contracts as we've talked about previously. So, no immediate impact on our operating results, but certainly as we look forward to 2016 given where commodity rates are trading today, it should be a positive effect on our margins going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, it's predominantly the interest impact. So, operationally, much higher uplift on the results, but it's the full-quarter effect on the interest. And we're adding in all the interest costs associated with the $300 million senior notes issued at the end of September. So, you've got the full quarter effect of that offsetting the operational impact.
