Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide number 15. We recently announced that we were withdrawing our outlook for 2020 based on the magnitude and uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. We respect the need for financial guidance for the analyst community and shareholders. However, the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing. Health care experts are still learning about the virus and there is tremendous speculation on the economic recovery and the path it will take. The many unknowns include the scope and effect of further government regulatory, fiscal monetary and public health responses. Our update will come when we release Q2 2020 results. The fundamentals of Allegion are strong. And as the world adapts to the new normal, we should have more clarity on the rest of 2020 at that time. We do expect that COVID-19 will have a near-term negative financial impact on the business, including the reduction in year-over-year revenues, operating profit and cash flow due to government decrees and softening demand. With that said, Allegion's sound fundamental business strength provides some resiliency in times of economic downturn, and our long-term investment thesis remains unchanged. For the past several years, we have delivered above-market organic growth, the strength of our channel relationships, new product development, large installed base brand and market positions have helped us continually drive higher organic growth than the market. Since spin, Allegion has delivered a 5.4% organic revenue CAGR. In the first quarter, the company grew organically at 4.3% with the Americas at 8.2%. Our strategy of seamless access takes full advantage of the keyless and connected technologies increasingly demanded in our industry. The electronic products needed to facilitate these demands continue to be a long-term growth driver for the company. The Americas business experienced 12% growth in electronics in Q1. Even with the growth we have seen in these products, since we became a stand-alone company, adoption is still in the early stages. Therefore, the industry conversion opportunity remains robust. Although, Allegion has industry-leading EBIT margins, our focus on price realization productivity and cost management allows us to expand margins when volumes are up like the 170 basis point increase we produced in Q1, but also facilitates the margin profile to be resilient through economic cycles. Our strong balance sheet, low capital requirements in tandem with a high level of cash flow conversion our business generates allows us to have capital allocation optionality. We are well within our debt covenants and have no near-term debt repayments. For the six full years, that Allegion has been a stand-alone company, the conversion of net income to available cash flow has on average exceeded 100%. The COVID pandemic has caused worldwide disruption in economic markets, whether haltering growing economies or furthering softening ones that were in decline. Nonetheless, we feel that our company is set up well to weather the storm and our strong fundamentals will serve us well when the pandemic subsides. Allegion has the right people in place to help ensure this. Our employees have shown a great deal of adaptability during these uncertain times. I could not be prouder of our people. Our management acted early to mitigate the economic impact. Our supply chain has proven itself to be flexible, proficient and dependable and we are positioned to continue leveraging as a strength moving forward. And of course, our legacy brands have stood the test of time and delivered incredible value. Allegion is strong, its people are resilient and we remain focused and disciplined. I do want to thank every member of the Allegion team on a successful Q1 2020. Everyone stay safe and healthy. And now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: Glad to do that. I would say first, the company got on to COVID-19 response early with a focus on our supply chain and protecting our people with a strategy for us to gain market share in Q1. So, we went extremely strong through the first quarter. I think that's reflected in our Americas results, and the strength, our ability to keep our supply chain strong. As we got into March, we saw a slight decline in the last two weeks. But again, we had our foot on the gas, and we communicated that. As we moved into April, we're 17 days into this. I think the things that we're seeing are rather predictable. We see some softness in the overall residential. I would say we have a view into point-of-sale in the bid box, and I'd say it's off low-teens. And as I look at that, I'd say, yes, that probably makes sense. Second, I think from a positive standpoint, our -- we see softness in bookings in the commercial and institutional. Our backlog is strong. We see the continuation of construction projects and we think if ground's broken, if permits are issued, these projects are going to roll in. As I came into work this morning, I see construction continue to move forward. The last thing I'd add Tim is our specs and quotes continue to be very positive. I know you can spec yourself and quote yourself right off a cliff, but it's a positive indicator. That work continues to roll.
Dave Petratis: I think you've got to be more critical than people would call it a V. I think the construction pipeline that we have today again, projects that are approved and are in progress will roll. I've got uncertainty about 2021 commercial and institutional. Commercial is going to be soft. I think that's where the strength of our spec writing, our wholesale channels, whatever the market gives us at Allegion, we expect to do better than the market.
Dave Petratis: So Asia-Pacific as we indicated a write-down there goodwill and indefinite-live assets which pretty much releases the entire balance there. I think there's a de-minimis amount that remains. As we kind of talked about in Q4 the pressure there really given from the Australian market and just weak end-market fundamentals. And so we re-looked at that particularly given the COVID-19 which really accelerated the market decline, kind of as we look at it going forward and so put us in a position to kind of do that analysis which is kind of a discounted cash flow et cetera. When we look at Europe there is some cushion left there. We didn't need to take an impairment. I think hopefully, we took a conservative view on the discounted cash flow and hopefully, we're okay. But time will tell and we'll see where this pans out going forward. But again end markets continued weakness particularly in Southern Europe. But I feel really good about our electronics business there in the Germanic area. You mentioned acquisitions. SimonsVoss has been a home run for us. And I think there's some good growth opportunity there going forward. So again we'll kind of reevaluate as the year progresses and we'll see what happens when the fog lifts.
Dave Petratis: I'd add to that too. That one of our objectives coming through the first quarter was to have the right inventory. And we made some investments there. As we go through the summer here, we'll probably run a little stronger on finished good inventories as an opportunity. The strength of our supply chain and the ability to get the component parts into the right products where we need them, I think gives us an advantage. And then I'll use that advantage in some inventories to try and get orders to help the business.
Dave Petratis: I think you've got to keep an eye on permits. You've got to assume that that will -- the permitting processes that run through government will slow down. I think though two -- when -- whether it's institutional or commercial housing when people want to commit capital, they'll force that process to move forward. But as you well know permits is a key indicator for us, we'll keep an eye on it. And see where that trend goes. I think today Andrew, from a -- you could think about, if we in fact do go into recovery, the permit process the ability to do that will loosen up. It's been how is, capital deployed to be able to go out and drive this industry.
Dave Petratis: We announced a price increase. So we would get some natural pull through, as a result of that. But I'd say, generally if you look could across North America a rather mild winter, I think and we executed, at a high level. And we picked up opportunities, in the quarter that others could not serve. So I'd say a robust market, really in Q4 and Q1, you've got the electronics driver. And I think the strength of Allegion is shown hard. And the price increase pulled forward slight demand which I like, as we go through Q2 to be able to serve the local markets.
Dave Petratis: I would say, it again the adjustments that we made in the quarter with the restructuring announcement will strengthen those franchises. I think, both regions -- I'd also emphasize I've been very clear that we lack scale outside of North America. I think the moves that we're making allow us to focus, where we can win rip out cost that we think will simplify the business. And continue to sharpen our focus on, what we call seamless access. There is some complementary nature to the Australia/New Zealand business, especially along residential which is still developing. And I think our, SimonsVoss, Interflex business, which we've been extremely pleased with gives us a looking glass into a seamless access. And again, I think we look to Allegion to have more focus on where this business is going deploy more human and financial capital into that seamless access experienced as we compete wherever, we're at in the world.
Dave Petratis: So Josh, this is my seventh little disruption in the economy, since I began my career in 1980. So I think the experiences give you some strength as you go through this. There will be an air pocket. And that's what we're trying to understand. Our bids our quote activity specs we track that in terms of the dollar level of activity. But you can actually have specs kick back and say, "Hey let's revalue engineer this." You can't look at this current situation and say, "Hey there's going to be an air pocket of demand activity because of all supply chain factors, spec writing quotation, wholesale activity, construction, other supply challenges on the construction side. So, it's a part of our thinking. But I think as a lead indicator that spec writing is a clear strength of Allegion and it will help us as we navigate through this.
Dave Petratis: I would add the announced restructuring we saw significant softening in Asia Pacific and in areas of Europe as we exited the second half of 2019. We were not pleased with our position and we took actions regardless of the COVID-19 and a pandemic does not. The other thing I would say, when you're in the construction-related industries you do have variation in demand and Allegion's ability to adjust our cost structure, I think can be seen over the last 20 years and we'll be making the moves that help keep this business strong.
Dave Petratis: I'm not aware of that feature of the Cares Act. I'm sure that the people here at Allegion if we feel that's an opportunity we'll go after it. So I can't give you a good response to that one.
Dave Petratis: I'd go back even farther Joe. As we exited 2018 as a leadership team, we felt we left margin on the table. We put a pipeline of activities and in 2019 that we worked on throughout the year and we picked up strength as we went into the second half of 2019 and 2020 that strengthened the business.
Dave Petratis: So, I think number one, I'll give you a sports analogy. Why did the Patriots roll up six championship, six rooms same head coach, great quarterback, good offensive strategy. If you look at our competitors over the last 24 months, quite a bit of turnover at the top. A lot of management change. One of the strengths of Allegion is our experience. We have a system of management here that we're pretty disciplined to. It doesn't mean it's perfect. But I think the strength of the leadership team the knowledge that cascades through our business and some favorable markets regionally in the country helped us to continue to put up growth that we have built on over the last six years. So a combination of things there. I think the electronics as well is another -- this is an industry trend and we continue to prioritize our investments to take advantage of that opportunity. And I think it will continue to reward us Joe.
Dave Petratis: I think it's clearly a step back in terms of being able to go in service install. Here at Allegion, we have a policy. Visitors are highly controlled. We don't want infection. With that said, it depends on where you're at. The Dallas market continues to be very active. We are moving around college campuses, but it's not going to happen in New York City. It certainly could happen in Denver. So again, it depends on where you're at and it puts an air pocket into the work. So I actually think if things straighten themselves out, there'll be a pickup in intensity short term. And over time, it schedules itself out. I do think the normal project activity that we have typically that goes on college campuses will roll to schedule, which is really May through August. It's an important driver for us. Could be moved up a little early, if access is there, but it depends on where you're at geographically Jeff.
Dave Petratis: I believe if you look at our overall growth, the investments that we're making in collaborative tools Overture, which we'll continue to invest and develop. Overture has been rolled out in the bulk of the world as a collaborative working tool and it's been extremely well received by our partners, spec writers architects and they have been collaborative in the creation of Overture. So I really give Tim Eckersley credit to creating that. We continue to invest in the electronics side of this. I think you may have seen Jeff our investment in open path as a partnership and investment that we think will help expand the world of seamless access. Schlage Sense [ph] would be another and our continued investment in electronics and new products. We also brought together SimonsVoss and Interflex under one leadership team, because we believe that that's a looking glass into seamless access. And our growth there in electronics in the DAC region is gaining share. So I think you've got the right sense in that collaborative tools, electronics and seamless access is going to help us as we go through this crisis and come out the other end.
Dave Petratis: I think the drivers of seamless access keyless activity simplifying the world that our customers live in eliminating master keys and intelligence that goes with seamless access is going to be a driver for the next two decades.
Dave Petratis: So I like our position in institutional. I was looking last night. 22 of the states have – are generally in pretty good financial shape. Infrastructure has aged. We still have the driver of security in public settings. So you got to like that. And then our spec activity would also suggest that that this whole market continued to develop. With that said, an earlier question described an air pocket, we're going to have to have our eyes wide open and understand that air pocket. Part of it is you get some immediate shock. Second is it's that snowplow effect that we've talked about in the past, projects will get pushed out but we may see that air pocket again as we moved into 2021 because budgets are a little bit tighter. So to be seen, I like our institutional position. It's been – in my 40 years, the institutional markets have always been a good place to operate and we'll try and get more than our share out of whatever market is there.
Dave Petratis: Pete, I have to give a shout out to our Italian teams. We operated safely longer there than many manufacturers. Same in Mexico. We got a few extra days until that decree came down working hard to petition the government now to consider it's essential. I believe in Mexico we can keep our people safer than they are on the streets. And so we're pushing that. Again, we've got a good supply of residential inventory on the shelf. And if we can cut through this, we're going to be in good shape.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So, the big question mark, I think Jeff relates to what's on the demand horizon. And as we've highlighted, very difficult to predict just kind of given the government decrees, and as we've highlighted we have a couple of plant closures today that will inhibit us a little bit on the top side and also will provide some cost pressure just from an under absorption perspective near term. As I think about it, and you try to run some correlations to prior cycles that type of thing, I mean, everyone knows a way it was pretty drastic, I think it's too early to make some comparisons to that. Right now, we're still -- as everyone else is collecting data from economists and a lot of people have different opinions, but as I think about it related to Allegion, some couple of points I'd like to highlight why I think we're better positioned than perhaps we were at the last downturn for several reasons. Number one, we have a much stronger business franchise, a lot better stronger portfolio of businesses. As you know, we've divested poor-performing businesses. We added businesses to our portfolio that I think are more resilient in a downturn and less susceptible to market downturns. This whole convergence of electronics is a -- you kind of look back 10 years ago, it wasn't a big driver in the business and whereas today it is a driver, it's growing at 1.5 times to 2 times the market today, and as you know we continue to put up really good numbers related to that. So, I think that's an item that needs to -- or will continue to grow and will be a continued focus for us going forward. And as you know, it's a higher average selling price similar margin, which means more EBIT dollars. The channel investments we've made, particularly in the repair retrofit market discretionary markets, we have a much broader product portfolio to serve our customers in that segment. And I think we're better positioned to participate in that market segment, whereas at time of spin we weren't, I think that will be good for us going forward. And then to your question on the margin profile, we would say historically, we've been able to adjust our cost profile. We can react pretty quickly. We historically have shown some margin decrements related to the last cycles, if you kind of go back to 2008, small margin deterioration. We adjusted our cost position fairly aggressively. Pricing we will continue to push that lever. It was a good driver for us in the quarter. So, I would say maybe some margin pressure, but not substantial relative to where we are. And if you think about where we are today, we're at a high watermark. Again, we had another record Q1 performance, up 190 basis points. And so, we're coming from peak margin performance, and we'll continue to take the actions necessary to address our cost base. We talked about those eliminating the discretionary spend, hiring freeze kind of re-prioritization of essential investments, you will see a reduction in some of the incremental investment, but we'll be focused on long-term areas. And so I just -- we'll see how things kind of pan out here, but I think it's going to be more demand-driven and we'll adjust our cost profile to meet future demand both at the factory and SG&A level.
Patrick Shannon: I'd add one other comment. If you think about the Asia-Pacific, our acquisition profile has been Australia and one acquisition in Korea. All of those markets were in free fall in the second half of 2019 through the COVID-19 and it's hard to retain that goodwill on the books.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Most companies with downturns would show a higher cash conversion net earnings because of the runoff in working capital. I think we'll be no different in that situation. However, I just remind everyone our working capital as a percent of revenue is fairly low; 4-point average, we're at like 6% of revenue. So there's not a lot of room there for significant cash flow conversion on further reductions in working capital. And actually, Q1 we made substantial progress in both inventory turns and receivable DSO. So there's probably a little improvement there, but I wouldn't look at it as a significant opportunity and further cash flow generation for us, just kind of given where we are relative to maybe other industrial companies.
Patrick Shannon: I would characterize it this way entering the 2008 financial crisis there was probably more options to reduce the cost profile particularly on manufacturing footprint. I think IR at the time was fairly aggressive in closing certain factories related to the security technologies business at that time that helped protect the margin profile. Pricing was another lever I think was pushed pretty hard. You kind of have to look at it over the 2008-2010 timeframe. And if I remember correctly, it showed a slight margin decrement over that time period. I would characterize today relative to going into the situation where a better franchise stronger portfolio of businesses that you can maybe protect ourselves more on the topline side. And again we are taking the appropriate actions to reduce our cost structure. Dave talked about actions we're taking in international arena. Yes, we're doing things here to tighten the belt. Obviously, in Americas, we'll continue to do that and adjust to future demand. I would say quite frankly we don't maybe have as many levers to pull. But having said that, I wouldn't expect a significant margin degradation relative to where we are today. So, dollars will come down basis of demand, i.e. topline, but margin percent we'll do what we can to try to maintain that.
Patrick Shannon: And let me -- so one other quick thing is probably worth noting is that short-term again given the governmental decrees and the fact that some of our facilities are closed, I mean you're going to have it's going to be a lot more choppy right? I mean you kind of have to -- if you're talking about margin profile; you need to really look at it over a 12-month period. You're always going to get hit initially. Immediately you make adjustments and then you start to kind of level out. And so just kind of keep that in mind as you're thinking through this.
Patrick Shannon: So, there are variable components relative to our cost structure as you would expect in any business and it could be anything from the way that we have our pricing structure kind of volume rebates, for example, you can look at things like salesmen commissions those type of things naturally will come down and correspond with the volume decrease. The things that we're adjusting now some of the discretionary spend really relooking at some of our things relative to investments. And making sure that we went through a re-prioritization of those that's really focused on things that matter so that we're coming out of this stronger particularly on revenue growth opportunities associated with electronics. So, we're taking that into consideration. But collectively these variable costs I mean it's tens of millions is how I would -- if you're looking for a type of a magnitude. We will give you more color as in Q2 as Dave mentioned when we have a better kind of outlook on revenue but it's fairly significant.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So nothing unusual in the quarter that accelerated the margin improvement. It's the old blocking and tackling and execution. The team did a great job. We went into the year, I'd say with a really healthy pipeline of productivity activity around both material and the factory. We got great volume leverage on the incremental volume. And then you add on top of that price was good particularly in the commercial segment we're going to continue to drive that. And so everything played out, and again no real big surprises, but the team really kind of continued to drive good execution all around.
Patrick Shannon: The other comment I just mentioned too on the input costs. So think about commodity prices, they've come down. So year-over-year there was some benefit there where we didn't have any inflation on the material side.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. Basis of the current cost for steel, zinc, copper, brass et cetera that will continue throughout the course of the year, yes.
Patrick Shannon: And I'll add Joe too, to be fair on the analysis. So we did have a little bit easier comparison on residential. You may recall, we had some channel difficulties in Q1 last year. Those obviously have been worked through. We continue to get really good electronics growth. And we added a substantial customer on the new construction Lennar that helped our year-over-year comparisons as well.
Patrick Shannon: Hey, Julian, you'd want to think that the non-residential is a little heavier I think on the new construction versus the aftermarket and then it's flipped on the residential, but then it nets out to about 50-50.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. I think we'll have -- we'll continue to have a tailwind there. But again, some of the issues associated with the closure reduced demand et cetera we'll put some pressure on those comparisons.
Patrick Shannon: So, I'll take a stab at the revenue base. I mean just to kind of put it into perspective on Mexico. That's predominantly the supplier for our residential business. Here in Americas, which we've characterized it's about a third of the overall Americas portfolio. Keep in mind, the decree was extended through the end of May. However, we are -- we've got inventory on hand. We're working with our distribution partners to ensure customers can be served. When that comes back online there will be a restocking in the channels for the depletion of the inventory. So we're kind of working that. But I think that the message is near term you're going to see a decline and obviously in revenue for some piece of that certainly in Q2. Italy, again, the data I think on that is May three is the current decree. We will see that is subject to change based on what the government dictates. That might be kind of call it 20% of our portfolio in Europe. We are shipping finished goods inventory out of the warehouse there in Italy today. So that activity is taking place. It's just the production, manufacturing, et cetera right now that were inhibited from producing anything. However, it doesn't necessarily mean we're losing business. I think it just means delays deferrals that type of thing because the reality is the customers are closed also. And so they don't have the ability to be able to receive inventory. And so this is just going to be a deferral, and we'll see how quickly that may or may not pick up in the back half of this year.
