David Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide #14. As noted on the slide, we are affirming our revenue outlook. The consolidated outlook for total organic revenue remains at a range of 5% to 6%. In the Americas, we see continued positive fundamentals in our nonresidential verticals led by institutional markets, which we believe will continue to be strong throughout 2019. We expect the general trend toward electronic progress to continue, and we are positioned to take advantage of this trend.  For the EMEIA region, we expect strength in our electronic businesses led by SimonsVoss and Interflex to more than offset weaknesses that we are experiencing in Southern Europe. However, total revenue will be negatively affected by currency headwinds. In Asia-Pacific, we continue to see healthy growth in China with softening markets in Australia and New Zealand. The total revenue growth reflects the full year impact of the Gainsborough acquisition, which has another quarter before we pass the anniversary date. We're also affirming our earnings per share outlook with reported EPS at the range of $4.60 to $4.75 per share and adjusted EPS to be between $4.75 and $4.90. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 6% to 9%.  As Patrick stated, we are also affirming our cash flow outlook of $430 million to $450 million. The outlook assumes no change in the previously provided investment spend of approximately $0.15 per share. The full year adjusted effective tax rate continues to be approximately $0.16 -- 16% with an anticipated higher rate in the first half of the year than in the second half. We're updating our outlook for outstanding diluted shares to approximately $95 million, reflecting the buyback activity completed in Q1.  Please go to Slide 15. As a summary of Allegion's Q1 performance, total revenue grew nearly 7%, organic revenue grew almost 6%, adjusted operating margins were up 10 basis points, and were up in all regions. Adjusted EPS saw 10% growth in the quarter. Access has been an important part of our past and will be more important part of the future, as we connect the world through seamless access and smart devices.  Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David Petratis: I would say, continue your cadence or in terms of mid-teens growth for our electronics businesses. As I said in Investor Day, our industry was going to do well with this transformation over the next decade, feel good about the business with the launch of Encode, our partnership with Ring, the conversion of Lennar who is leading on electronics from the launch. We see that the adoption continues to be strong. We have a strong pipeline of new products and partnerships. When I see the 10% growth in the quarter, there was some work behind the scenes that we conducted in the channel that, I think, took some steam out of our sales, but will help us accelerate as we go forward.
David Petratis: I would describe it as this. With the advent and growth of e-commerce, it can be at times a little bit of the wild west. And we went in and buttoned up some channel partners that will help us to drive price realization and growth in the marketplace.
David Petratis: So as we've commented earlier, well, first of all, was very pleased with the performance in the quarter. It's good to see us turn the quarter on the price productivity inflation dynamic. As you'll recall, last year every quarter, we were a little bit under water. So we turned positive this year, particularly across all regions. So very pleased with the performance as it relates to that. As we look forward during the course of the year, you would see a -- from a margin expansion continued improvement as we progress throughout the year with the margin improvement being more heavily weighted toward the back half of the year, and that's when the comparisons on inflation become a little bit more easier, particularly as we look at input cost on steel and those type of things. So consider continued migration of margin expansion with more heavily back-end loaded in the back half of the year.
David Petratis: I would say, first, look at the macro. We see the renovation of retrofit softened in the quarter. I think you see overall starts down or at least softened, not surprising, I think, again. Third, there are some pretty big players in retail, that have year-ends that tends to wind down the inventory. And then it was a pretty tough winter. I don't like to point at that, but especially in res, north of the Mason–Dixon line people generally don't go out and replace their front door locks when it's below 0. So I think there was a lot of things working in that. Overall, I think we performed pretty well in the quarter with some of those stressors.
David Petratis: Yes. So you would expect to see kind of a similar type of dynamic maybe for Q2. And then, as you said, the price increase implemented last year beginning of Q2, so that laps beginning -- beginning of Q3, so that laps in Q3. And the price increase that we're going out with this year isn't of the same magnitude. And so therefore, the price increase year-over-year becomes less in the back half of the year.
David Petratis: So we don't split out the overall residential growth. I think, as you look at the macro on new build, I think, we're going to continue for single family in North America around 850, a relatively flat market. I think multifamily continues to be robust, that surprises me, but people are moving into the inner cities. These projects tend to be more price competitive, especially on the traditional mechanical hardware. We do like the trend that these are becoming more electronic. We have, over the last 2 years, had a focused effort around this, and we think it will give us some lift. The strength of our company continues to be on the retrofit fit side of this. So I like our opportunities as we go into res, and it will advance -- our growth will advance beyond what we saw in Q1.
David Petratis: Deepa, I would add to that. I'd just say confident now of what we see coming out of Q1. I feel that 90, 120 days ago, a lot of uncertainty about what was going to unfold in '19. And my message to the Street is confidence. We see good solid end markets, as I travel really globally, there is opportunity for Allegion. And as I think about the electronic convergence, I like what I see ahead in 2019.
David Petratis: We don't. I would say, as I look at our execution in those markets, we continue to perform at a high level. I think, that's reflected in the number. We see strength in the institutionals especially around K through 12 and college campuses. But as I look at those segments, I think, we see the electronic trends that are driving us, things like Overtur that we've rolled out help us to better connect with specifiers and contractors to drive that growth. And I think fundamentally, the market is strong and we're executing at a very good level.
David Petratis: As we think about that pipeline of new electronic products, our desire is to use design innovation, standardization of global platforms to be able to maintain that margin profile.
David Petratis: I think a couple of ways we think about that. Number 1, with acquisition, ISONAS was part of that. We think we got some nice IP and capabilities. I think second partnerships, I am really excited with our venture group and potential partners and new technologies that walk through. And I think partnership is not a bad place to position. I also think edge devices will also be with layers of authenticity, will be an important part of that equation to be able to drive access through cards and readers.
David Petratis: So the answer would be, yes. However, our first priority is to make sure the user satisfaction and adoption is at a high level. So why would my answer would be, yes? I think as you think about institutional campus, a hospital, K-12 schools, the ability to digitally capture access, workflows and keep that updated is attractive to an operator of that hospital or college campus. Think about the system Overtur keeps those things current, it's not easy for a campus administrator to go out and access those multiple documents would be one example. Another is what's installed on that door as the potential is needed for service in a variety of areas. So I'd say, we're trying to stretch our thinking of what the possibilities of digital systems like Overtur can mean to the business, and I think it's -- there is positive opportunity as we go forward, Joe.
David Petratis: I hope all of our listeners will take a look at our Investor Day presentations and our view on seamless access. There is great opportunities for us to redefine our industry and develop new ecosystems that will benefit Allegion in a variety of ways beyond Overtur, and we are excited about it.
David Petratis: So contractor backlogs close to 9 months, historically that's extremely healthy. I think, we continue to see -- labor in the construction markets is tight. I think that continues to snowplough as you heard me say. I think the adoption of electronics continues to be an attractive trend. You get into the K-12 opportunity, bond issuance is on the rise. And the other one that a little bit more sobering, the average age of a K-12 school is 40 years old. And the need for upgrade with the opportunity or drive around campus security continue to be good for our business. You move over to healthcare, we see some softening in the big hospitals, but we see uptick around what we call medical offices and specialty clinics. There is a repositioning here, but these medical clinics still drive the same complexity of code and specification, product enhancements that we think drive growth. And for me as well, the commercial market continues to have legs, so we like the overall view, we think things like Overtur, our spec writing capability and then adding electronics bode well for 2019.
David Petratis: I think there was a vulnerable flaw in the year that was called the government shutdown. I think, clearly, as we went through the quarter, things got better. And it's always -- there is a hangover after the New Years, things pick up, but felt good with the momentum. I felt better about our execution on price and productivity. We put up, I thought, an aggressive 2019 plan with margin expansion, and I was very pleased with our ability not only to put up good organic growth, but more pleased by our execution on the price and productivity side.
David Petratis: As we went through March, and it's normal with the thawing of the ground, things get better. That's happened for the last 38 years in my exposure to building products. And in my mind, it's just a part of the spring routine, it gets better.
Patrick Shannon: Let me just add too on the price perspective, as it relates to residential. It has been a little choppy, not in the sale to price through the distribution channel but more on the rebate side and discounts and those type of things. We actually had positive price realization in Q1 this year as it relates to residential. So there is no deterioration, if you will, in the pricing dynamics and what's going on in the marketplace, and believe we can continue to hold our own particularly as it relates to some of our new electronic products, and I think we'll be, continue to be extremely competitive there.
Patrick Shannon: So we would continue to see expansion throughout the course of the year, again the back half will be, a wider gap there, more favorable than Q2. M&A, as we've indicated, historically, the businesses we acquired, we like very much. We will continue to drive improvement as they become part of the Allegion business operating system and continue to drive synergies on both the top end and the cost side. Those businesses though, when we acquire, had a lower-margin profile. And therefore, by nature they are dilutive to the Americas margin, but we'll continue to get improvement in those businesses and that will help margin performance year-over-year comparisons going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Well, pretty stable, I would say, based on the performance, pretty much in line with what we were expecting. So therefore, you don't really see an uptick relative to the guide. So feel pretty good where we are, and our execution and basis of what Dave indicated the demand, particularly in institutional markets going forward, feel really good about that and feel like we've got good visibility to execute on our guidance for 2019.
Patrick Shannon: Nothing comes to mind out of the ordinary. Other than maybe below-the-line items, you're going to see some pressure as it relates to other income expense and then the tax rate, I believe, was anticipated to be higher.
Patrick Shannon: So profitability really similar to prior years as we've indicated similar margin profile, but a higher ASP meaning more EBIT dollars. And so this whole trend of electronics growth really positive for Allegion and will continue. There is nothing in the horizon that would suggest any margin deterioration, relative to the new products we've introduced, similar margin profiles, and we believe we can sustain that going forward.
Patrick Shannon: And then, Josh, just as an add on. Some of our leading indicators, so big code activities, specifications written, those type of things, very strong, trend continues to be up. And normally, there is a lag obviously between the time you get those and when the products are put in place. So feel really good relative to the market demand and the feedback we get from our customer base.
Patrick Shannon: Well, we indicated during our Shareholder Day, capital allocation is the key strategic pillar for the company. As you know, we are in a really good financial position. Our balance sheet is the healthiest it's been since then, with a 2x debt-to-EBITDA, cash flow will continue to increase as our business grows and expands. So we have a lot of optionality and the key message is, we're going to deploy capital, put it to use for our shareholders to drive shareholder returns. Last year, as you know, we're extremely busy and adding some really good businesses to the portfolio. We're still integrating those. Our pipeline from an M&A perspective remain active and busy. We'll remain disciplined, but if we're not active in M&A, we've always said, we would provide incremental shareholder distributions either through dividends or share repurchases. You saw the dividend increase executed in Q1. So we're more active now in share repurchase. We have available cash to put it to use, and we'll continue to do so.
Patrick Shannon: So obviously it's going to pick up here, think heavily weighted towards the back half of the year, which kind of matches our improvement and margin expansion. The incremental investments or the same kind of criteria, new product developments or acceleration of products, particularly around electronics, feel like we're getting really good demand from those going forward. Channel development, continued investment in the channel, underserved market opportunities around the globe, we'll continue to do that. And then demand creation as related to trying to accelerate adoption, centered around electronics. Those are kind of the 3 primary categories, all kind of front-end loaded in terms of revenue, driving growth and we'll continue to do that and again it will expand during the course of the year.
