David D. Petratis: Thanks Tom. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. 2020 was an extremely difficult year, perhaps the most challenging that I have encountered during my career. I want to take the time to acknowledge the sacrifice and hard work of our employees in helping Allegion deliver strong results in the face of the obstacles presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Thank you for your diligence, flexibility, and perseverance.  Please go to Slide 4. Despite the pressures posed by the global pandemic, Allegion experienced only a modest topline revenue decline in 2020 and we saw pockets of strength during the year. The business, as you may remember, performed extremely well in the first quarter and in the second half of the year the Americas residential business, SimonsVoss business, Interflex, and global portable security businesses in Europe realized good growth. Although revenue was down modestly for the year, we expanded adjusted operating margins by 20 basis points, aided by quickly implementing restructuring and cost management actions to mitigate the volume related COVID-19 impacts. Allegion produced record adjusted earnings per share and increased available cash flow by more than 20 million versus the prior year. We strengthened foundational elements of Allegion’s culture around safety, sustainability, inclusion, diversity, and engagement, which will help drive our continued success as a company.  I'm very proud of our commitment to employee safety and customer excellence, which remain top priorities. In 2020 we made improvements in all of our employee safety metrics, which are already industry leading. This has and will be our North Star. I believe that the time and resources we have invested in safety since then paid us back in 2020. We were able to keep our essential employees working and took extra protections to keep people safe, whether they were on the sites or working remotely and our dedication to customer excellence allowed us to better serve our customers.  Today, Allegion is greener and cleaner, reducing greenhouse gases and water usage throughout the year. We paid considerable attention to drive progress on inclusion and diversity, creating a strategic framework and leadership commitment to our action agenda. Our team is significantly more engaged, meaning our global employees are more committed to our vision and our workforce than ever before. All Allegion employees are surveyed annually by Gallup in their native language. Our engagement has seen solid improvements since we have been a standalone company.  Please go to Slide 5 and I'll walk you through the fourth quarter financial summary. Revenue for the fourth quarter was 727.3 million, an increase of 1.1%. Organic revenue declined six tenths of a percent. Currency tailwinds more than offset the organic revenue decline and the impact of divestitures. Organic revenue in the quarter included Americas residential, SimonsVoss, Interflex, and global portable security in Europe and Australia and New Zealand in the Asia Pacific. These gains were offset by expected headwinds experienced in our Americas non-residential business. Patrick will share more detail on the regions in a moment.  Adjusted operating margin increased by 150 basis point in the fourth quarter as we saw the benefits from restructuring and cost reduction actions mitigate deleverage from volume declines. Adjusted earnings per share of a $1.49 increased $0.21, more than 16% versus the prior year. High operating income, favorable share count, and year-over-year tax rates accounted for the increase. Available cash flow for the year came in at 443.2 million, an increase of over 20 million versus the prior year. Higher adjusted earnings and lower capital expenditures were the driving forces for the increase.  I encourage all of you to review the body of work and execution of the Allegion team globally versus our competitors and peers in 2020. Solid top line performance in a pandemic, margin expansion, and record cash flows. During the year we leaned out our structure, increased our investment in technology, and retained our go to market resources and strengthened the engagement of our worldwide team in a pandemic, positioning Allegion to exit the COVID plague as a stronger company. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results, and I'll be back to discuss our strategic agenda and 2021 outlook. 
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide Number 12. There's no doubt that throughout the fourth quarter and 2020 as a whole, our vision of seamless access and a safer world continued to drive our business forward. Despite the pandemic and resulting market headwinds, our vision and strategy are progressing on many fronts. We continued our commitments and investments to R&D in 2020, creating a robust pipeline of new product development projects across both our core brands and new electronic product offerings.  Our recent acquisition of Yonomi is an example of it's infusing outside thinking, and yet in another way we're making digital and software investments to meet customer needs now and in the future. Yonomi, will accelerate Allegion’s digital journey and product offerings. And our vision remains anchored and are strategic pillars, delivering new value and access and to be the partner of choice, but also in the strength of our historic brands. In fact, throughout the pandemic's Schlage, Von Duprin, SimonsVoss, and Interflex among others in our portfolio, demonstrated both flexibility and creativity to meet customers immediate and changing needs. I couldn't be prouder of how the team grounded our company in sound business practices, while strategic…
David D. Petratis: So I'll jump in here and Patrick can clean up. I'd say as we reflected on 2019 and 2020, I actually saw some softening in the broader building markets as we exited the first half of 2019. Again, we're a late cycle and we carried extremely strong backlog that really helped us through Q1. Then you had the blow up and again we used that strong backlog and the wrap up of projects to really put up, I think, a respectable 2020 for Allegion as we navigated through that. As we go into 2021 and 2022, the backlogs are softened, the new project pipeline is down, and we've got to reposition that. Patrick can talk more about the comps on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
David D. Petratis: So I think, Andrew, we have thought very deeply about it, as we rolled out our vision of seamless access almost three years ago. We see the opportunity, we began to venture investments which was amplified by our full acquisition of Yonomi. But we think through the cloud and connect -- great connected products, there's a key role here for Allegion to play. And we continue to invest in position. I would also say the success that we're having in SimonsVoss and Interflex as an indicator of the attractiveness in the market, where both software and really cool hardware comes together. We're pointed right at that market and think that we can carve out a very attractive position for the company. 
David D. Petratis: So, first, the creation of Allegion International, we've got great confidence in our General Managers. To start there one of the key moves was to simplify and reduce the overall cost of running the international segment. Two is, within those portfolios we think we're well positioned to move ahead, especially as electronic as a driver. Our Gainsborough offerings are being up to date in terms of electronics and we continue to drive the SimonsVoss and Interflex with new products and a supply chain that I think has helped us grow during the pandemic. Third is global portable security with kryptonite, AXA, and Trelock has performed into a nice operating position as demand for bikes and demand for growth as an OEM supplier have been nice. So we expect Tim to advance that and lean into the electronics growth and potentially further acquisitions in that space. 
David D. Petratis: So our specification levels have remained strong, and we have continued to invest in digital capability and keeping that specifying capability strong. So we're in a good position. We expect to see a rebound in the second half. There's not been a lot of activity on the campuses of the world, especially the campuses of North America. And as we normalize, we expect some pickup in the second half. As we look at the overall project load, we see positive traction as does institutional products -- projects reload, but also in the hospital sector, where we're very nicely positioned. That whole structure has been severely tested and clearly the economics would suggest that that will be a continued opportunity when we get to the other side of that pandemic, Josh.
David D. Petratis: I'd say number one strong message from our Board of Directors pulled this lever. Two, we've been active and it's -- we continue to have a pipeline of assets that we aspire for and sometimes you got to be patient. I've always felt that our execution as a company puts pressure on that acquisition pipeline that we aspire for. And I would say the pandemic will force decisions among some of those targets that we acquire that move up into the mid major range. We certainly have made numerous acquisitions here, more a string of pearls. We tend to like things that look more like SimonsVoss and Interflex technology that can help enable our capabilities. And as we think about this world of seamless access, going in with accretive targets that will solve new problems for multifamily, for college campuses where we have a unique position on the door that must be connected. Dave, I remind myself, that hardware is hard and we're doing a great job of connecting that. And we've got the opportunity to come in there with connected devices that will be accelerated through Yonomi, thin cloud opportunities that open up opportunities for growth for Allegion. 
David D. Petratis: I would say in particular, they're still great or large infrastructure needs K through 12 schools. I think the average school in the United States about 40 years. The security needs, certainly are always there and state municipal government will be investing in that, as well as rethinking some of the challenges that they face during the pandemic. We clearly have the ability to control capacity inside a building, increase the security through electronics, and we think we're in a great position as a company and infrastructure investment I think will naturally follow in those public spaces. 
David D. Petratis: I think the mid-year target to normalize backlogs was still the aspiration. We saw our backlog shrink a little bit in December. But we've got work to do in terms of replenishing that channel. We sent a very strong message to our building partners that are non-standard product lead times have been reduced dramatically. We think that will help us grow versus the competition. And we've got new electronic offerings coming out in the second half of the year to match our industry leading Schlage encode products. So, feel good about it but normalization, Josh, certainly by mid-summer barring any blow ups. And, I'd say there's pressure on all manufacturers, especially around the chip thing, our supply chain navigating that wealth, but if -- I don't see it getting materially worse but the pandemic still is having an effect on global supply chains. And again, our strength shines pretty brightly there but mid-year we'll be out of this in a normal way. 
David D. Petratis: So I would characterize it this way and hopefully this is helpful as you think about the margin profile for next year or 2021 as it relates to Americas. So a couple things and you touched on one specific relative to our investments that are incremental, associated with R&D and engineering to really push forward the electronics, enhance our product offering going forward. Most of that incremental spend is attached to Americas and so that alone will put pressure on the margin profile associated with Americas. In addition to that you have the incremental inflation that we have highlighted, $0.25 to $0.30 pressure on material input cost. We will do our best to offset that with pricing. But if we break even just the -- math would suggests you're going to have margin pressure attached to that, and then you layer on top of that the mix component, i.e. residential growing faster than non-residential and the non-residential business profile having a higher margin profile, which suggests some additional mix there. So Americas margins will be under pressure in 2021 associated with those three things. We will continue to drive productivity and those types of things to help mitigate that, but there's going to be margin pressure. To come to your second question relative to any growth in the increments associates non-residential, yes. There's going to be some improvement, if we can experience growth in the back half of the year. And you know how we've leveraged historically, I would expect that to continue. And let me make one more point, the margin profile for 2021 being under pressure I view is temporary. Okay, this is a market dynamic, it's not a structural issue associated with Allegion. When business comes back and it will, margin profiles will get better, okay. We will continue to grow margin and we're not in a situation where we've maximized our margin going forward.
David D. Petratis: Yeah, so it is -- so yes, to answer your question succinctly. First, that can be up relative to 2020. Why? It's because of Q2 kind of given the easy comps there. And as Dave mentioned earlier, we're still working off the backlog if you will associated with the residential business. The residential business in Q2 2020 was severely depressed because of our plant closures. And as we progress throughout 2020 and the markets POS continue to accelerate, we're having a hard time catching up with demand. That's going to be worked off if you will in the first half and so the residential business in of itself will be up significantly. Non-resi top comp in Q1, but it kind of normalizes in the back half of the year. 
David D. Petratis: I will take the latter so, the double stack on 25% growth year-over-year, much harder comp if you will. Keep in mind Q4 working down backlog, fulfilling stock orders, getting inventory into the channel, that our assumption is not going to repeat itself for 2021 and consequently you have a much difficult comp. Non-res I would expect the rate of decline to improve as we progress during the course of 2021 because of the discretionary business should begin to recover in the back half. 
David D. Petratis: I think we need to continue to accelerate the vaccine delivery. The faster we can get campuses to normalize, hospitals to normalize that pent up demand of discretionary projects bows back, I think it puts confidence into our channel which is restocking. And people will get back thinking about the management of their facilities long term. So it's -- we can see that. Actually feel better about state and local budgets than I did a few months ago and have done a lot of looking into the drivers of our business coming out of the last downturn, the financial crisis. Overall, macro economies are in better shape. The commercial will go through certainly a churn, what do we do with the retail space, not necessarily our sweet spot, but there'll be opportunities as those spaces are reconfigured.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, so Andrew as you have highlighted, I mean you got it right, Q1 is going to be a difficult comparison because we had really good growth, particularly in the non-residential business. So that's going to be a really tough comp for us. Q2 obviously becomes much easier, particularly on the residential business where we had a plant closure in our Mexico facilities, and we're kind of playing catch up when they reopen, the back half of the quarter. And then, kind of things return I'd say more on a normalized basis in the back half of the year. So, first half it is going to be say down, Q1, up Q2, and then kind of more of a normalized basis, but continued strength in a residential business. Non-residential challenged first half of the year, but getting better as we progress throughout the year, particularly as it relates to discretionary project based business. And, when people start returning to work relative to the easing of the COVID impact, we should start seeing some improvement on that side of the business. Hopefully, that answers what you're looking for. 
Patrick Shannon: And Josh, I would just add too, you saw it in the numbers we exited 2020 in really good shape. Good organic growth as Dave mentioned on the SimonsVoss and Interflex and global portable security. We would expect that to continue obviously in 2021 leveraging the good work that was done in the back half of 2020. And then on the operational margin performance outstanding Q4 and our outline has always been to continue to improve our margin profile associated with our international region and we would expect that to continue going forward. Again relative to some of the cost actions we took early in 2020 you saw that come through in the year, and we expect that momentum to continue in 2021.
Patrick Shannon: So on the tax rates, like any company, multi-industrial company we would be exposed to a rate increase legislative change. We will have to see what happens but that would put obviously pressure on the rate going up. And so we'll just have to kind of see where that goes. Right now our guidance assumes no legislative changes. On the infrastructure spending, obviously, with any money kind of kicking back to the state, local government, so those types of things, I think, would benefit Allegion down the road. 
Patrick Shannon: I would also add, we certainly got cost out in 2020 and I consciously kept my foot on the accelerator on our specifying and revenue generating resources. We've taken care of these teams through the downturn, and I expect us to get more than our fair share on the upside. 
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So, we don't give specific guidance on that. But there's going to be headwinds, again, the non-res business being our most profitable segments. That being down residential up will create kind of a mixed headwind. That is a component of the margin degradation as realized Americas for 2021. 
Patrick Shannon: So I'd say one, as you look at the market for oil and gas and things are going to drive that part of the world. Clearly a question mark and soft. I'd say two, where did we want to spend our human capital? Clearly, there was pressure in those end markets and our ability to bring together hardware and door solutions didn't feel it was the optimal time. And during the downturn as part of our strategic review, that came up on the portfolio and we chose to exit. So that's how I would describe that situation.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, so down it's really down to commensurate with the earnings guide. And CAPEX is up a little bit year-over-year. We can kind of hover around this 2% of revenue. Working capital don't see any significant movement there. I mean, we will be under a little pressure, we did benefit from the CARES Act. And there'll be some payments coming and some deferrals we had in 2020. So, net-net I still think pretty good conversion and we'll continue to drive that and maximize it to the extent we can.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, predominantly restructuring. So, it's a continuation of some of the programs we announced, but you just can't book the charge until it's actually incurred. And so we have some continuation of those type of things, and expect some continuation of perhaps one or two kind of new smaller type programs going forward. 
Patrick Shannon: So I'd say number one, I looked at companies, Rockwell Automation, Roper, Schneider, where I spent a part, a clear opportunity to take our legacy positions and thrust them into the new world of connectivity, cloud management, to solve customer needs. So, I think that's important. There clearly will be people coming at it from different angles and levels, so I think, our aspiration will be the partner of choice to have open platforms, important here. With that said, I think there's new problems to be solved in the access and security arena. And I think our unique position on the door, along with partners, investment, and further development, we can go in and solve new problems like why does a building have to be open 16 hours a day, why don't I allow that access through as device or, think about how people move through complex buildings. And I know you have Jeff, I think our unique position with connectivity, API's, and SDKs that connect into thin cloud opportunity that we can get more than our share of the growth in these markets. 
Patrick Shannon: Absolutely. I think, particularly look at our success with SimonsVoss and Interflex versus some pretty strong players in that space, incredible for Allegion, and those trends are going to continue. 
