David Petratis: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Allegion posted another strong quarter of operational results, delivering above-market organic growth and substantial margin expansion. We delivered organic growth and adjusted margin expansion across all regions. For the first quarter, revenue was $548.8 million, an increase of 9.3%, reflecting organic growth of 8% as well as the benefit of acquisitions, partially offset by foreign currency. Our strong organic growth was led by the Americas, which grew 10.3% in the quarter, as both nonresidential and residential businesses expanded nicely, supported by favorable end markets and continued returns on our strategic investment. The nonresidential business growth was also aided by delayed shipments in the prior year related to an ERP implementation. EMEIA organic revenues grew at 1.3%, and our Asia Pacific business saw organic revenue growth of 4.8%. Adjusted operating income of $100.7 million increased 19% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins increased by 150 basis points, as we continue to demonstrate margin expansion from incremental volume in excess of investment headwinds. As stated earlier, all regions showed improvement in adjusted operating margin. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.73 increased $0.12 or 19.7% versus the prior year. Overall, I'm very pleased with the strong revenue growth and operational performance in the first quarter. In addition, we are raising our full year EPS guidance. Adjusted EPS guidance is now $3.60 to $3.75, and reported EPS guidance is $3.57 to $3.72. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results, and I'll be back to discuss our full year 2017 guidance.
David Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide 12. As noted on the slide, we are affirming our 2017 guidance for revenue and increasing our earnings per share guidance. We are holding the revenue guidance growth at 5.5% to 6.5%, both on a reported and organic basis. Our view of end markets remains favorable. We continue to see positive indicators in institutional and commercial verticals. In addition, we expect solid residential markets as the momentum in single-family construction continue. We believe that our organic investments, combined with our ability to execute, will continue to deliver better than market growth. We are raising our adjusted earnings per share to a range of $3.60 to $3.75, an increase of $0.05 on both the low end and the high end. This represents adjusted EPS growth of 7.8% to 12.3%. The $0.05 increase is related to nonoperational items. The guidance includes a reduction of reported EPS related to restructuring and acquisition expenses in the amount of $0.03. This brings our updated guidance for reported EPS to a range of $3.57 to $3.72. Included in the revised guidance is an assumption for the full year tax rate to be between 18.5% and 19.5%. The guidance continues to assume outstanding diluted shares of approximately 96 million. Please go to Slide 13. Let me finish by reiterating that I'm very pleased with our first quarter execution and results. As a summary, total revenue growth of over 9%, organic revenue grew at 8%, adjusted operating margins increased 150 basis points, adjusted EPS by nearly 20% growth in the quarter. These are strong results and position us well for the full year. We are affirming our guidance for revenue growth and available cash flow, and we're raising our EPS outlook. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David Petratis: So first of all, I'd say, overall, the pace here is active. Second, we continue to favor the electronics space. We continue to be - work to understand to how we can strengthen our door offerings. Clearly, the Republic move helps us from a regional basis. We think that's important, and we'll continue to try and strengthen that out across North America. But that was the value of Republic, is getting closer to our customers. If you remember, our field crap business heavily centered around Cincinnati, with a couple of mud centers. The door business requires closeness to customers, and that acquisition really helped us to buy operational assets that helps us grow faster.
David Petratis: Sure, David. First, when I think about overall Europe, extremely pleased with our long-term progression. We've come a long way since 40 months. Extremely pleased with the growth of SimonsVoss. It was an acquisition in electronics that we targeted, and the performance of that business is strong. Third, some of the moves we made in terms of the restructuring, especially around our CISA business, are very complex. I'm talking running SKUs of over 600 and the total base of over 3,000 SKUs. That change improved our overall profitability, but put some complexity into the supply chain, and we'll work through that for the balance of the year. I'd emphasize, with that move, we will have some money - we built some backlog that we'll work through as we go through the balance of the year, but overall feel good. The complexity or challenge is optimizing that supply chain. And with that number of SKUs, it doesn't come overnight.
David Petratis: I would, in line with our projections, low single digits, with any momentum coming out of the SimonsVoss and the adoption of electronics, and then improving our operational capabilities.
David Petratis: So when we think about ENGAGE, and as we communicate, think about our overall electronic growth, which is low double digits, it's clearly a differentiator in the market. We think there's opportunities in the commercial, institutional and multifamily space, where we can differentiate our mechanical capabilities with electronics, with ENGAGE. And what we're selling there is convenience, ease-of-use and centralized control over the locking systems, and we think that's an opportunity that we talked about at Investor Day that we'll roll for the next decade.
David Petratis: I feel good about the institutional demand, the healthcare demand. Our spec writing capabilities or our spec writing abilities are robust. That's how I describe it. You can see some variation across different geographical regions in North America, but it's strong. And it's a bellwether, I think, as we talked about it at Investor Day, as we look at over the next '17 and '18, maybe even a little steam picking up in education. Healthcare, we think '17 will be a good year, and then some softening as we move into '18. And commercial office, because of high occupancy rates, have continued to roll. So we continue to stay positive. Concerns? Ability of labor to put equipment in place, architectural firms to be able to work through the design phase. And that's been a concern all along, professional and construction laborer to be able to put in place, I think, will continue to be a cap or a drag on growth, which puts more importance on our self-help initiatives to be able to grow.
David Petratis: The institutional mix has a higher concentration of SKUs and higher value for us. So if, internally, you prioritize one opportunity or the other, we're always going to go stronger on the institutional side.
David Petratis: And that growth is leveraged by our position in electronics. Really pleased with the residential electronic growth. We think our ENGAGE platform and our investments we're making to go after multifamily strengthens our offering, where we have some deterioration in terms of res performances in the opening price point segments of the market. And it's not that we couldn't get more aggressive there. We think there's better places. So you balance that out. Mid-single-digit growth for resi is levered for faster growth from electronics, and we're just not aggressive on the opening price point. I think that will continue to be - the opening price point will be a challenge. As you look at the need for new home constructions, there's some big gaps in the opening price points of the market.
David Petratis: I would characterize it as this, Jeff. Our single offering, Schlage locks, through e-commerce and wholesale, are what leads the sales growth today. But our best opportunity are in these connective systems, and that's what we're going after in multifamily. Underserved by Allegion - that segment of the market has been underserved by Allegion historically.
David Petratis: I want to make sure I understand your question. As our electronics evolved - our ability to be able to better serve that? I think when you think about college campuses, we look at as a growth driver, think about residential dormitories, we've got cited examples where we've been successful. That's going to continue to grow. I think as we try to go into what we call project-based business, and more effectively compete with a total Allegion package, we think that's opportunistic. And then as we get into the commercial buildings, our NDE, with the cylindrical and mortise capability, gives us the ability to offer a total package solutions on the interior doors. This is what we would say is the mother lode of opportunity in our core markets.
David Petratis: It's clear opportunity for us. I think we're well-positioned. Remember, when we first came out with the NDE, we were first out there, but we needed that mortise. And it tightens up that offering pretty nicely to go after these interior doors and, again, offer a very elegant solution to a building operator that he can get away from keys.
David Petratis: I would also add, our European competitor has a larger exposure to steel with their larger steel door business. So they've got to pull that lever just to stay even with the escalation of steel prices.
David Petratis: Just building on my comments, we've made big gains in terms of our overall profitability. Part of that came from a repositioning of the supply chain that we're still working. We were really encouraged by the growth in SimonsVoss. As we move our exposure to the DACH influence markets, those are better growth markets than our traditional Mediterranean exposure. So overall, we were pleased with the quarter, especially in terms of the year-over-year improvement, and know that we have work to do in terms of shoring up that supply chain. And you'll see that come throughout the year.
David Petratis: I would add. I continue to like our opportunities to grow organically through these investments. I believe, every quarter, we build our credibility in terms of making bets and getting returns on those bets. And we're still opportunistic in terms of our view that we can make those investments and grow the top line and get great leverage.
David Petratis: So I think upside, number one, would come through share gains through our initiatives. I believe pretty strongly that the overall market is capped by labor install, design capabilities. So our ability to execute, which I've got a pretty high level of confidence on. Second, some of the questions Jeff touched on, the electronics growth look at us to get even more aggressive in promotion of our ENGAGE capabilities. Multifamily, we think these are opportunistic. On the downside, you've just got lots of potential shocks out there that can dampen consumer demand and confidence, and that's on a global basis. So you've got to have - I think you've got to be aggressive in terms of opportunities we see, and then be ready to act. And from my perspective, that's part of being in the construction service industries. Things can change quickly. I think we're - we review with a discipline to make sure that, where we can - where things are going right, we can go faster. And if they're not, we adjust the change.
David Petratis: First, in the Americas, it begins with our quotation and specification capabilities, the pulse of that, feel very positive about that. The tone and tenor of the market is as solid as I've seen since 2006 and '07. We want to reemphasize that. I mean, we've come through some pretty dark days since the collapse, and the tone and tenor of the market is as robust as I've seen since the collapse. We still are not at peaks. In education, we would say 88% to peak. Healthcare's at 85%. Commercial office is robust. We'd put that at 99%. But you look at that in context, we think great opportunity for us to go out, take the investments, the new products and go out and grow in the marketplace. So feel good about things. these types of businesses can ebbs and flows. And I think, again, it's the ability of the labor to put it in place. The European question, I continue to be positive on overall Europe in terms of our position, electronics accelerating and us continuing. A huge amount of change has gone - taken place in Allegion Europe, and we will continue to be opportunistic in terms of looking at that through acquisitions. Again, these are more the string of pearls, small acquisitions. As we think about Europe, we think about it in 3 dimensions. How can we improve our technology? How can we move north and improve our northern exposure, which are typically healthier markets? And how can we improve our spec writing and channels to market? So you have to take a long-term view there. We continue to build relationships in terms of that acquisition pipeline, but feel good about the positioning. At $0.5 billion of revenue, we've got a lot of room to grow in Europe.
David Petratis: So we admire our Spanish competitors. They've got a good business. Their positioning is different than ours. We're much more successful in the educational, institutional, healthcare. They're much more active, light commercial, hotels. And so, in the morning, at Allegion, we have to wake up and understand who we are and go after those markets. With that said, as we invest in new products, we go after some of those segments thereafter and continue to leverage our growth outside of these dock areas. That's our best opportunity to grow, but that's how I describe it, Jeff.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. It's heavily weighted towards Americas. That trend will continue. As we kind of indicated last time, it's probably 80:20, Americas versus rest of the world. Similar ratio for Q1, and we'd expect that to continue throughout the balance of the year.
Patrick Shannon: I would - we had a strong quarter. As we indicated, some of that strength, just driven primarily from the - not only growth and the initiatives and the returns on investments we're making, but some of it because the easier comparison because the delayed shipments last year, as you're aware of. Tougher comps in Q2, but markets remain fairly strong and tracking towards the organic revenue growth we had indicated at the beginning of the year, 6% to 7% for the full year. Probably a little bit because of tough comps in Q2, I would anticipate a lower revenue growth. But the outlook for the full year still remains fairly positive, just given the activity in the marketplace, response from our customers, order intake, et cetera.
Patrick Shannon: So you're right. We've seen a significant movement in commodities across the board. The biggest impact for us relates to steel, brass and zinc. Steel, year-over-year, is up, at least at the end of the quarter, over 40%. And it's moved since then, another like 20%, so significant movements. And as you indicated, we've been able to move faster in price to offset the commodity headwinds. What I would see through the balance of the year, just kind of given where the current commodity prices trade today, is continued pressure on the cost side. It will escalate a little bit in Q2, Q3 because if you recall, we hedged some of our exposure on a forward-looking basis. And so we're protected. And to the extent the commodity prices stay in place for an extended period of time, the exposure becomes greater. So continued pressure, Q2, Q3. The comps get a little bit easier in Q4 because that's when we start seeing big movements in the cost base. But we will endeavor to mitigate that, offset it, et cetera. And that's our current plan through pricing actions.
Patrick Shannon: It could be a little negative, but I would think we'd be neutral to slightly up is the expectation, certainly as we look on a full year basis.
Patrick Shannon: So I would characterize it as every year, we - particularly in Americas, we go out to price increase in Q4. And so we start realizing the benefits basically beginning of the following year, as a lot of the activity is price-protected, if you will. So what you saw in Q1 was in line with our expectations in the market. We are not - I'd say we're competitive in the market. We're not being overly aggressive from a discounting perspective, either on residential or nonresidential products. I would anticipate the pricing improvement to continue throughout the course of the year, maybe get a little bit better than the 1-point improvement that we saw in Q1. And that kind of continued throughout the course of the year.
Patrick Shannon: They were actually fairly equal in Q1. But normally, you're right. I mean, we get - we have the ability to push price a little bit stronger in non-res than res.
Patrick Shannon: That is still the case. As we continue to invest in both our channels and new products, there's, obviously, carryover from the prior year. But funding the new initiatives starts to really ramp up more so in Q2, Q3. So you see a little bit heavier investment in those quarters relative to Q1.
Patrick Shannon: So no change in the outlook in terms of our available cash flow for the full year. The long-term target is to continue to drive cash flow to be at 100% plus of net earnings. Feel good that that's sustainable, given the low investment requirements, particularly in working capital and CapEx. So we'll continue to drive that. And the deployment of the capital, as we indicated in Investor Day, is we've got certain things that are designated, whether it be CapEx, dividends, debt repayment, et cetera, but we've got a big bulk of capital available for strategic investments, either through M&A or opportunistic share repurchase. And we'll continue to look at those opportunities as we progress throughout the year, but no change relative to our short-term or long-term guidance in terms of cash generation going forward.
Jeffrey Kessler: Thank you. You talked about resi being mid-single digits, which has declined slowly and stabilized over the last couple of years, but the overall Americas being, obviously, growing faster than that. Can you talk about, and particularly as we saw at ISE West, both the mortise and the cylindrical, and the - what we call the ENGAGE platform, what type of growth you're getting in that mid-market area that is transforming from mechanical to electromechanical? Because clearly, if resi is not growing at 15% anymore, something else is growing at 15%.
Jeffrey Kessler: This begs the question of what type of growth you're getting in the mid to- small and mid-commercial market as well as the multifamily and institutional - smaller institutional market, I should say, when it comes to the ENGAGE platform. That must be growing faster than mid-single digits. It's probably, if you balance that out, it's clearly up there in the teens.
Jeffrey Kessler: Okay. Because that's what we got really excited about at ISE West, the ability to start putting those NDE products on the insides of these places.
