Dave Petratis: Thank you, Mike. Please go to Slide number 15. To wrap up the main things you heard today, Allegion is excited to welcome John Stone as President and CEO. He brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise that will help Allegion on its seamless access journey. We are also excited to welcome Access Technologies to Allegion. This is a category market leader with a strategic investment that expands our core business. Globally, Allegion is driving significant price realization and has turned the price productivity inflation dynamic positive. The supply chain actions we have taken will help efficiency and productivity in our manufacturing locations and along with ongoing price realization will continue to drive pricing and productivity to exceed inflation. Non-residential markets in the Americas continue to be robust. Leading indicators have been positive for over a year and given the late cycle nature of that business, this bodes well for the near term future, plus we are still sitting on healthy backlog levels that should fuel future growth as supply chains normalize. With that, Mike and I would now be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: So, thank you for your comments, Julian, and for your questions, and support over the years. When I think about the residential market. We moved through this – went through this supply chain, which has been pretty dramatic over the last 24, 36 months. I continue to be positive on residential. We still have some noise, but there's an undersupply of housing. We'll see some softening in the R&R, but we have maybe been hit harder in res because of the lack of electronic chips. We'll build momentum back over the second half and into 2023. I think the nation's got to build between 800,000 and a million single family homes. So, I think that's net opportunity as we look at the change.
Dave Petratis: Yes. So, Julian, as you think about price cost, we struggled at the end of last year. We got slightly behind and we put efforts to raise prices to get that price productivity inflation positive. We had improvement in Q1. In Q2, we are now positive. Like we said, we would be as we look to the back half that continues to be positive for both quarters in the back half, we'll be positive for the full-year and price productivity inflation. We do have substantial inflationary pressures in the back half and we've taken additional pricing actions to mitigate that. As a result, you'll see that price productivity inflation positive, as well as margin expansion in the back half. If you think about commodity prices, those spot prices are coming down. As you see from the public markets, they're still elevated versus, say historic norms. Any decrease in commodity prices is not something 2022 we feel because we've been putting in those purchase orders to ensure that we had adequate parts and inventory to meet that demand that we have. So, as you think about price productivity inflation, think of it as a net plus in the back half full-year and we're back to expanding margins.
Dave Petratis: I would say, as we think about distributor inventory and wholesale pull through, I would say it's normalized. Remember there was a big to pull back 15 months ago as we entered COVID. I would say it's normalized. Wholesalers typically play the price increase gain intelligently. They'll bring in those orders earlier ahead of a price increase to create a margin opportunity for themselves, but I would say they are solid. There are some deficiencies within our portfolio, which would be electronics, which will improve over the second half of the year. I would say, second half of the question.
Dave Petratis: I would also say, touch base with our teams on cancellations, not seeing it. There's a demand for product flow. There's a very strong construction backlog right at nine months and the indicators would suggest work in for a good 12 months to 18 months of non-residential activity.
Dave Petratis: I would add that in our vision of seamless access and smart connected edge devices on the doors, the service component becomes required by our customers and the ability to grow recurring revenues through services, we like the opportunity.
Dave Petratis: I would add two. If you look at some of the macro numbers, [Institutional Supply Management] [ph], deliveries across the board to all industrial players have improved. I'd say number two, the system of all manufacturers remain fragile, a port strike, COVID surge, puts a level of uncertainty that we've grown to navigate, but it remains fragile. And I'd say, the extensive work Allegion has done on the mechanical and electronics positions us nicely for the second half. We’d factor that in. I think we're not alone. The electronic flows for chips and other components is improving and that will benefit Allegion in 2022 and nicely steps up in 2023.
Dave Petratis: Thank you. This concludes my 56th earning call as a CEO. The balance here at Allegion. This will likely be my last call. I want to thank our shareholders and the financial community for their support over the years. I also want to thank Nelson Peltz and Mike Lamach for the opportunity to create and lead Allegion. I want to thank Kirk Hachigian and the Allegion Board. Kirk has been with me since the day one. Kirk and the Allegion Board has helped create this company and guide us to where we are today. Last, a heartfelt thank you to the people of Allegion worldwide. You have a great new leader in John Stone. We have done some great work together. Allegion, your best days are ahead of you. Be safe, be healthy, and thanks for all your contributions. Have a great day.
Mike Wagnes: And Julian, if you think about guides, we don't guide the residential business. We do give outlooks for Americas in total, but just – I'll just agree with you. We had that prior year comp in the second quarter that went up against last year. The second half for this year is much easier comps versus last year.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, I would say that the – if you think of our business, we've had such supply chain challenges last year. So, as we move forward to this year, our distribution base is looking for product. So, we have very healthy backlogs. Demand is very strong, elevated backlog. So, as we move forward, we feel very confident about the non-residential business.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. If you think about Access Technologies, when we announced it in April, we talked about that 38% of the business was service revenue. Our business today, we don't have service revenue to a substantial level, especially in the Americas. We have some out in the international, but in the Americas, we don't have that service capability. So, this is a great asset to add to our existing portfolio as we leverage their strengths with our Allegion Americas strengths.
Mike Wagnes: And I think you also asked about margins. When you think about Access Technologies, we gave some guidance in the April call, how that business is, think of it as a mid-teen EBITDA margin.
Mike Wagnes: Brett, as you think about revenue growth, so much of it has to do with the prior year comparable. Electronics growth should be better in the back half from a growth percentage as you think about prior year. In addition, we are seeing signs of improvement related to the activity we've been driving on the product redesign. So, both those areas should lead to better second half growth than what we experienced in the first half.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. So, if you think about the one-timers we backed that out of reported EPS to get to our adjusted EPS, right? So, if you look at our guide, we have that at the bottom of the schedule. With respect to amortization expense, we started the year obviously with our guide. We're using the same presentation that we have when we started the year, but clearly identifying that amortization drag because it is significant for Access Technologies. We're going to get through 2022 using this presentation. With respect to the future, we can tackle that in the future, but when you think about 2022, we're going to have that amortization in the adjusted EPS, but we're going to clearly show it to you and provide it to you so you can have all those details.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. As you look at our guide for the back half of 2022, we are seeing improvement, especially in the mechanical space in the non-residential business. This is attributable to all the sourcing actions we've taken over the last year. So, as we think about that non-res growth, right, that high teens that we had, part of that is attributable to a better supply chain due to our activity. Our back half is taking into account what we've known we've done and chips that our partners have committed to get to us or provided us. Chips are always fragile, as you know, that can move, but this is not seeing a [sea change] [ph] of improvement that we don't have line of sight to. So, if you think about back half, think of it as the activity we've driven is helping provide better confidence in our ability to meet our customers' needs.
