Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide number 15. We continue to see favorable trends on our primary end markets in 2018 and it is our expectation that the organic investments, combined with our ability to execute, will again drive better than market growth. We also believe the electronics business will continue to outpace mechanical which additionally benefit our growth as we are well-positioned to continue to take advantage of this industry trend. In the Americas, we see positive indicator in the key verticals within the non-residential and residential businesses and expect both markets to remain solid and grow in the low-to-mid-single-digits. If there is relief in the labor constraints and the supply chain, we would expect better market growth as underlying macro trends are expected to remain strong. Consolidating the market outlook, we project organic revenue growth in the Americas up 4% to 5% and recorded revenue growth of 10% to 11% reflecting the inclusion of the acquisitions of TGP and AD Systems. For the EMEIA region, we anticipate growth in core markets to be low-single-digits as the markets in the region continue to rebound. General macro-economic indicators such as manufacturers' confidence, consumer confidence, and unemployment rates continue to be positive. For the region, we project organic growth of 2% to 4%. When combining that with the impact of currency, and the acquisition of QMI, we project reported growth of 13% to 15%. The Asia-Pacific markets continue to show strength in China and North Asia with a more modest growth outlook for Australia and New Zealand markets. We expect to drive above market growth as we continue to focus our efforts on key vertical markets where we are strong. Organic growth in the region is estimated to be 6% to 8% and the total revenue growth is estimated to be 8% to 10% reflecting benefits from currency tailwinds. All-in, we are projecting total growth for the company at 10.5% to 11.5% and organic growth at 4% to 5%. We anticipate continued price realization across all regions to help mitigate inflationary pressures in 2018. Please go to Slide 16. Our 2018 outlook for adjusted earnings per share range is $4.35 to $4.50, an increase of approximately 10% to 14%. As indicated, the earnings increase is primarily driven by revenue growth and operational improvements, a lower effective tax rate, tailwind from currency, and the benefit of acquisitions, partially offset by investments in the business. Incremental investments are anticipated to be slightly lower than the prior year and will continue to focus on accelerating new product developments and channel initiatives which we believe enable us to deliver above market growth and enhance our vitality index as demonstrated historically. Our guidance assumes that full-year effective tax rate of approximately 16% and outstanding diluted shares of approximately $96 million reflecting the company's goal to at least offset share dilution with repurchases. The guidance also includes a $0.15 per share impact from restructuring charges and acquisition-related costs during the year. As a result, EPS is $4.20 to $4.35. We are projecting our available cash flow for 2018 to be in the range of $380 million to $400 million. Please go to Slide 17. We are very pleased with our 2017 results that deliver organic revenue of 5.7% and increased our operating margin by 140 basis points and by 70 basis points after excluding the impact of the prior year environmental remediation charge. The growth of both revenue and margin, while making investments in our business, demonstrates continued execution on our strategy, along with a disciplined approach to managing our business. We continue to make progress on our vitality index with new and innovative products, while we also continue to consistently generate strong cash flow. We are executing on our flexible capital allocation strategy, as evidenced by our recent acquisition announcements, along with the increase in our Q1 dividends. As we look to 2018, we expect to drive continued organic growth above market and expect the impact of acquisitions to help drive robust top-line growth. We look to drive another double-digit increase in adjusted earnings per share and look to generate substantial available cash flow. We have an excellent team in place that's committed to our vision to make the world safer, securing the places where people thrive. Thank you to be Allegion Board of Director and the Global Allegion team for a great 2017. Here at Allegion, our best days are ahead of us. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: I like our opportunities to be stronger. I think we have to be realistic in the labor constraints that I see and have identified for the last year. If those labor constraints work themselves through, we will exceed the market growth. I always believe, and we believe here at Allegion, that if the market is better we will do better than our share. We've also been mindful in the projects that we're quoting and bidding. There is good projects and there is bad projects out there that go on time, trying to pick the right horses, if you will. I would say this John, we've got data out there that says general construction backlogs are at all-time highs, and the opportunity for us to excel in that environment I think is positive.
Dave Petratis: CISA and Italy was the part of the growth we enjoyed in the quarter and the year. The supply chain under pressure all year got better every quarter. We continue to develop that capability and improve customer satisfaction. So I think we're in a good position to take advantage of better Italian markets and regions that CISA fix -- or serves in 2018.
Dave Petratis: Yes, our channel initiatives that we pioneer here in the Americas has been expanded to Asia-Pacific and in Europe. We're in the throes of some channel analysis right now in Europe. And I think as we understand more intimately our opportunities, I think it's reflective in our growth; I think it's reflective in our acquisitions. We're extremely well-positioned in the Middle East, QMI adds to that, and this belief that we can drive granular growth through better challenges, initiatives Andrew is part of the -- I think the success you’re seeing in 2017 that will extend to 2018.
Dave Petratis: So like all of the transactions, I believe good product portfolios, brand positions, very good market position in the respective areas, like the growth prospects predominantly as we look at opportunities to leverage our specification, writing capabilities, as well as getting more throughput through our distribution. So I think we'll see that across all of those acquisition opportunities. So like the upside relative to the revenue and top-line. From the margin profile, as you know, we have industry margins across the globe and these transactions will be dilutive, they are lower than our overall margin profile, but nonetheless still strong contributors in terms of operating performance. So continuous improvement in margins across the globe, but this will dilute, if you will, the overall margin profile of the company in 2018.
Dave Petratis: So I give one example that we'll be in the second year here in the U.S. and it's our project-based business. We think with labor constraints in the marketplace there is opportunities to streamline specification process, provide total packages which would include door offerings with ourselves and partners, hardware packages that will reduce cycle times in light commercial and multi-family. A second example would be partnering with architects and our spec riders in investment we called Chorus, which automates spec writings and the take-off capabilities against shortening lead times and hopefully helping us grow in the marketplace, so a couple of examples. We've extended project-based examples to Europe; we think the addition of QMI helps us there. Jeff I don't know if you've ever been to Asia-Pacific or not Asia-Pacific but the Middle East I assume you have, you get off the airport there, you see our strengths in U.S. specified products, we believe we're in a unique position to service both European and U.S. specs that is being done with partnerships here with our spec writers in North America, so a couple examples there what we're doing.
Dave Petratis: So we are making investments in spec writing capabilities, we're talking bodies of the systems as well as what's called digital investments that can help connect that project capabilities. We also think some of the success of SimonsVoss which we're very pleased with as we extend that into the regions out of the dark zone is helping us have a stronger project-based capability. So again we've got a long way to go here but extending the knowledge and strength that we have from North America into Europe and Asia-Pacific we think, is unlocking some growth opportunities for us, Jeff.
Dave Petratis: So I would encourage you to step in and talk to our technical people if they're on top of it. We continue to invest our vitality index increases for the fourth straight year. I think we're really working on this overall customer experience and how digital access your smart devices can enable a seamless experience not only in the home, but in complex buildings. We think things like Engage, our Sense Products, NDE, are opening salvos of that, the great capabilities with our SimonsVoss and Milre, but we think a lot more about the customer experience and access and this is where our investments are being made.
Dave Petratis: David, as you said, really good progress since the spin, very pleased with the team and reaching the objective we set when we first spun out in the company. As we've talked about previously there aren't any significant step-ups, relative to the margin enhancement going forward. I think what you'll see a basis of our 2018 guidance is continuous improvement. So we'll continue to push price cost equation, continue to drive productivity, lean out manufacturing efficiencies where we can, and those type of thing. So I would look at it from a perspective of just continuous improvement, given our current business profile there in Europe.
Dave Petratis: We like the cash flow of this business. We'll continue to have our priority on growth through acquisition number one. Europe has one of the best playing fields to be able to do that, but our view continues to be global, what are the smart tuck-ins that makes sense. Second would be technology. There is a whole world of digitization that's moving in our industry and will move over the next decade, so look for us in investments there. But clearly, I'd said in Europe, we'd like to continue to move north, continue to move technically, and find targets that can move us with scale, so that's how we think about it.
Dave Petratis: So I think when I think about management bandwidth, the first one is, understanding management capacity. Our ability to efficiently deploy capital, I think after 48 months as a publicly traded company I think we know where our boundaries are. It's easy to spend money; it's not so easy to do it efficiently. We think pretty significant -- we think deeply about that. I think as I step back and think about the technologies and opportunities that we have going forward it's important that we know where to invest, how to invest, but also where we can move the bar through M&A and do it smartly. So I feel good that we know where we're at. But I'm not going to swing the fence or stretch beyond what I think could add risk and potential problems and get a return on that investment.
Dave Petratis: So first of all think about it as my own maturity and understanding the business. We think we have a powerful asset and our spec writing capability and when we can come in and write a total turnkey spec especially including specialty equipment and features we think that's a good place to be. We also looked at the competitive landscape and clearly saw where we were disadvantaged particularly around our steel door offerings with steel craft and for example the Republic acquisition that we made last January gives a better geographical capability to serve customers locally. These businesses have laid adaption capabilities and it's really just thinking that through. In the Middle East with QMI we were actually winning jobs and shipping steel craft doors firms Cincinnati Ohio. So it's just I think a refinement of our understanding of the market and the points in capital that we think helps our top-line and bottom-line growth.
Dave Petratis: So as we look back at Q3 especially as we ended it, we saw an absence of flows through the supply chain, as projects are pressured to complete on year-end, we saw that slack move through the system, I think that's going to be something we're going to have to continue to navigate and be aware of as we go in to 2018 and 2019. I see labor constraints as well identified. I mentioned the high backlog of construction orders put in place and we think it will create shock in the market and demand as we go forward. Now with that said, we're not -- we're looking at our value streams and say how can we invest to better position the company, our incentive structures that we can use to help move that through to get better and consistent flows, we’re working on it, but we don’t have it all figured out.
Patrick Shannon: So, as we indicated for 2018, the incremental spend year-over-year is up, but down relative to the prior year. So we look at it relative to opportunities in the marketplace, and as Dave indicated, we're really looking at continuing to expand our channel initiatives, market segmentation, driving demand creation particularly in electronics as well as accelerating new product development. We like the opportunities there and believe to-date the investments have provided a good return on those investments and so to some extent, it does come down to management capacity to be able to execute on some of those opportunities but each year we look at separately and it doesn't mean for example, in 2019, if there is some opportunities that we see in identifying the marketplace that could accelerate grow faster than the broader market that we could step-up those investments. So I would just say, it's dependent upon market situations, opportunities, and what else is going on in the business relative to the incremental spend year-over-year. But thus far I've been very pleased with results we've gotten in terms of driving incremental revenue growth relative to the market.
Patrick Shannon: Rich, I would add that the spec driven nature of these products AD Doors and TGP would be in the upper -- a few benchmark door manufacturers those margins would be in the upper end. There is clearly a performance basis that drives premium in market versus the door side.
Patrick Shannon: So for 2018, we would anticipate that we would continue to offset or be above the commodity cost pressure. As you know, the commodity costs have continued to increase particularly in the backend of 2017 and the first part here in 2018 but we would expect to continue to remain fairly aggressive to recover that cost increase. So we see it as a net positive for 2018 maybe not to the extent we saw in 2017, you may recall we're out pretty early with price increases during the course of the year and got really good price realization across the board, but nonetheless it's still going to be a net contributor to margin expansion for 2018.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so that would be our price cost, so pricing would exceed material inflation clearly. Price productivity together would offset any inflation including merit and those normal things that occur in the course of the business.
Patrick Shannon: You'll see it in our 10-K when we file relative to 2017 but fairly significant contributor. Again would anticipate 2018 to continue to be positive probably not to the extent it was in 2017, just given the price realization we got during the course of the year, but again favorable for the full -- anticipated for the full-year of 2018.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, I think the best way to look at it, again every year has some discrete items that play into the effective tax rate. So you're right 2018 we anticipate 16%. Going forward higher teens is probably a better expectation and I would -- we feel pretty good about that over the long-term. And so as you think about 2019 and beyond, you should think about a little step-up in the rate relative to 2018.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, it does. We mentioned in the commentary that relative to the tax reform changes there's going to be some one-time cash tax payments in addition to the normal kind of repatriation tax. It is a one-off item specific to 2018. And so that's a little headwind in our cash flow and that's why you don't see quite the conversion ratio on ACF to net earnings, but believe more importantly that 2019 and beyond our stated objective of 100% conversion we should be able to maintain.
Patrick Shannon: So I think the way to think about it is like the other regions of the globe on a base business ex acquisition, continuous improvement, again continue to get pretty good leverage and pull-through margin on incremental volume, positive contribution on price cost inflation etcetera. But the margins on the acquisitions, good businesses, but the margin profile isn't at the 28.8% referenced. And so you're looking at -- when everything is said and done kind of flattish to slightly up margins for 2018 all inclusive of the M&A activity.
Patrick Shannon: So you're right very difficult comps in Q1 in particular. So I would anticipate maybe the growth rates been slightly lower in Q1 this year relative to last year, but and slightly improving during the course of the year, not that big of a delta during the course of the year but slightly not as high as what you would anticipate for the back half of the year.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so mix maybe a little bit more favorable given the growth in residential relative to the non-residential is weighing on that contribution margin. Other than that there isn’t really any other significant items that would be weighing down that margin percent.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So again really good growth in electronics portfolio across both non-residential and residential products really like what we're seeing there. As you know still low penetration particularly in the residential markets, a lot of room to continue to grow there. The overall portfolio in electronics is mid-teens as far as our global business and that varies a little bit by region. But we'd expect the electronics to continue to outgrow the mechanical products, so that percentage will continue to increase. And as we've talked about previously good trend for Allegion, higher price points, similar margin profile means more EBIT dollars. And we will continue to drive that particularly as we look to make investments whether it would be demand creation or new product development to ensure that we can be a leader as far as that development in electromechanical convergence.
