David D. Petratis: Thanks, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. As you saw in the morning's press release, Allegion got off to a solid start in 2018, delivering double-digit top line growth and earning per share expansion. For the first quarter, revenue was $613 million, an increase of 11.7%, reflecting organic growth of 3.3%. Benefits from acquisitions and foreign currency tailwinds contributed to the top line growth. All regions grew organically. Americas saw organic growth of 2.7% in the quarter against the tough comparable, supported by solid price and high-teens growth in electronics. The Americas business continues to see strong end-market fundamentals, although labor availability continues to impact the timing of the completion of projects and thus causes some choppiness in the timing of orders and shipments. This results in a healthy construction backlog, which we see across the U.S. According to the Associated Builders and Contractors Incorporated, backlogs in the construction channel are at highs for the decade, which we believe leads to a longer cycle. The EMEIA region continues its rebound and delivered robust organic growth of 5.9%, driven by favorability across most products and geographies. Asia-Pacific organic growth was essentially flat, growing 0.2%. Adjusted operating income of $104.2 million increased 2.8% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margins decreased by 150 basis points due to inflationary pressure, incremental investments and expected margin dilution related to our recent acquisitions completed in Q1 2018. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.80 increased $0.07 or 9.6% versus the prior year. Additionally, we are reaffirming our full-year revenue, EPS and available cash flow outlook. Please go to slide 5. Before I turn the call over to Patrick, I want to take a moment to talk about an issue that has surfaced far too often over the past couple of decades, and that is school security. The voice of Allegion's customers continue to be a source of innovation for our teams across the globe. In response to a market need for improved K-12 perimeter security, Von Duprin announced the launch of its new remote locking and monitoring product innovation in February. At ISC West earlier this month, we were honored with the Judges' Choice award for these solutions during the 2018 Security Industry Association New Product Showcase. These latest Von Duprin solutions were designed to enhance perimeter security in K-12 facilities by enabling remote daily lockup, centralized emergency lockdown, and door status monitoring. They are retrofit solutions that expand a school's reach of the electronic access control system to secondary openings that would traditionally go unaddressed because of the cost and complexity of running wires. Without electronic access control, these openings may be left unlocked or propped open, compromising its security and limiting the school's ability to effectively lock down the facility in response to an emergency. We know America's 100,000 K-12 public schools are on average more than 40 years old, many haven't been supplied with the mechanical and technological advancements created to better protect students, teachers and administration. Allegion is working with industry organizations, law enforcement officials, educators, parents and others to drive recognition of school security infrastructure needs among government officials at the state and federal level. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results and I'll be back to discuss our full-year 2018 outlook.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 13. As noted on the slide, we're affirming the 2018 outlook given during our previous earnings call. We are holding the total revenue outlook for growth at 10.5% to 11.5%, with organic growth at 4% to 5%. Our view of end markets remains favorable across the globe. If we look closer at the Americas business, end-market fundamentals remain solid as we continue to see positive indicators in non-residential verticals and expect momentum in single-family construction to continue to support solid residential markets. However, due to the ongoing constraint across the construction supply chain, including labor, the industry is still experiencing delays in overall project construction, which has an impact on the timing of our revenue and causes choppiness from quarter-to-quarter. Construction backlogs continue to be at record highs. European markets continue to rebound nicely and are being bolstered by general macroeconomic conditions such as high consumer confidence and low unemployment that remain favorable to markets. The GDPs in all key economies are growing and total revenue growth continues to be assisted by FX tailwinds. In the Asia-Pacific region, timing of projects can cause large impacts on growth rates from quarter-to-quarter. Indicators we see in the Asia-Pacific region have not changed from prior outlook. Similar to Europe, FX tailwinds continue to contribute to overall revenue growth. We expect inflationary pressures to continue throughout the year. As such, we have taken actions to mitigate the impacts of inflation and have announced price increases for significant portions of the product portfolio. With these actions, we expect the combination of price-productivity inflation to be a net positive for the year, however, not as much of a tailwind as in the prior year. We are affirming our reported earnings per share outlook of $4.20 to $4.35 and adjusted earnings per share of $4.35 to $4.50. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10% to 14%. As Patrick just stated, we're also affirming our cash flow outlook of $380 million to $400 million. Included in the outlook is an assumption of the full-year tax rate to be approximately 16% and outstanding diluted shares of approximately 96 million. Please go to slide 14. As a summary, total revenue grew nearly 12%, organic revenue grew just over 3%, acquisitions contributed $26 million in revenue for the quarter. Adjusted operating margins were down 150 basis points, primarily driven by inflationary pressures. However, pricing actions are in place to mitigate. Adjusted EPS saw nearly 10% growth in the quarter. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: I think if you look at our business historically, Q2, Q3 accelerates; certainly see nothing to change that. We see markets and lead indicators like our hollow metal sales as a strong lead indicator for that revenue to come.
David D. Petratis: We think that product has great opportunity and it's partly driven by the need for connected K-12 security that can be activated from a central command. There's money flowing in for security for those overall markets. And I hope you have an appreciation of the installed base that we have in those markets today. We do extremely well in K-12 security in both public and private, and we think the desirability to be able to upgrade unprotected doors will drive nice growth in the exit device business. That's extremely profitable for us going forward.
David D. Petratis: I think we always see this upgrade cycle in Q2, Q3, but this will not be a spike as communities embrace the need for school security and our industry partners with them to propose better solutions. We think that's a growing opportunity for us over the next 5 to 10 years...
David D. Petratis: So I think a way to think about it is, we had highlighted on the last quarter conference call and kind of talked a little bit about full-year expectations. Keep in mind, with the recent acquisitions, although accretive to earnings per share really like what we're seeing there in terms of the growth in those businesses and strong performance, they are dilutive to our overall margin performance. I would say the expectation would be, on an aggregate basis, margins to be kind of flattish for the full year, year-over-year. So that would imply with the dilutive nature of the acquisitions that base business slightly improving, given the volume leverage, the expectations on the organic growth, as well as slight improvement on the price/productivity inflation equation.
David D. Petratis: So we're net positive on that. We think it snowplows, it pushes that recovery longer into the cycle. I think it puts a challenge on us to sharpen our game and partner with the projects that will go faster. Second is, driving productivity through the entire value stream. We've introduced digital tools that help architects and our spec writers to drive productivity, and then how we can do more pre-factory install ahead of the job site to take labor off. So we think net positive. And as I have traveled the world, I've been on three continents since the start of the year, I've never been more robust about what I see in terms of construction activity.
David D. Petratis: We actually do surveys of the value stream to try and get a sense. And whether its architects, wholesale distributors, contract distributors, locksmiths, if they had more labor capability prepared, they could grow their businesses; one. Number two is, I see the numbers coming out of Lennox and Trane. I think I would put out the hypothesis that, during the downturn, those skills held better than some of the more general skills. I think some of that general labor went to other parts of the economy and to rebuild that back, I think, is a challenge. In particular, electricians, millwrights, ironworkers are in tight supply and it's a headwind that we'll face across construction going forward.
David D. Petratis: I would just add. Next time you go on a college campus in a K-12 school, our position there is extremely strong.
David D. Petratis: I think you've got to go to those reports out of Associated Construction. You see about a three to four-month swell. What I'd say normal backlog, let's say five months to six months is now 10 months. That's how I'd describe that.
David D. Petratis: Resi is growing faster. It's because of some of the new entrants. I think when potential customers evaluate our products, I think we've got some excellent solutions out there. And the overall awareness, whether it's last mile, Amazon Key, millennials moving up, it's put upward momentum. We believe – if you went back to Analyst Day, we'd say the market 4% to 8% growth on resi and it's on the high side, and we're doing better than that.
David D. Petratis: I would characterize this Q2, Q3 are our best opportunity in institutional. The activity there is setting up to be solid for us. What we see, when I was up in the Northeast, is conversions to electronics and in our commercial institutional type products. That segment of the market, you've got a window of time on a college campus or a K-12, and those contractors tend to be maybe at a higher level of sophistication than just a commercial building, and that's a general. But you've got to get that done in a tight timeframe and they tend to push those projects through. That gives us volume in Q2 and Q3.
David D. Petratis: It's our biggest headwind. We certainly got a big exposure at big box, and the opening price point part of that portfolio is under pressure. So it's a challenge there. We're going to work hard to try and get some price realization there.
David D. Petratis: So there's never been a better opportunity to go have those tough discussions with big box. It's hand-to-hand combat. But the table is set. Inflationary forces at work. It's good for them, it's good for us. Our portfolio is not well-positioned in retail around opening price point. We certainly have offerings, but our electronics – our Schlage Champagne brand products are the replacement product of choice, and we position there consciously. And customers today are choosing that opening price point more than we would like. When those products fail, we like the replacement part of it, but it's one of the challenges we have with the portfolio.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So you've got the numbers right relative to the spread. Price-productivity offsetting inflation a little under water this quarter, which sequentially down. And inflationary got out in front of us a little bit more than anticipated, particularly with the rise in the commodity prices. But as we look forward for the balance of the year, as we indicated, full year would expect to be in positive territory. I actually anticipate a big recovery in Q2 relative to Q1, and hopefully be flat to maybe slightly negative would be the expectation, and then that turning more positive as we look in the second half of the year, particularly with the recently announced price increase in Americas, which should drive a big component of that going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, Jeff, if you think of our non-res business, right, in the Americas, non-res is about 70% of Americas. And of that non-res business, about 60% is institutional markets. We don't disclose educational markets, but institutional is probably 60% of the non-res in the Americas.
Patrick S. Shannon: And I'll just add. With the anticipated improvement in those end markets, it is a favorable product mix for us because the suite of products is more Von Duprin, LCN, Schlage collectively together, and being the leading market provider here in the U.S., that's a good trend for us. I do have another...
Patrick S. Shannon: So, historically, we don't provide kind of the regional guide in terms of margin, that type of thing. The revenue guide, if that's what you're referring to, is the same in terms of what we gave last quarter and, collectively, organic growth of 4% to 5% across the board and that varies of course by region. But our revenue guide across the regions and in total has not changed from when we were together last quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: So we are looking at improving our price position across the globe. We have better ability to get higher pricing probably here in the Americas. So that being, say, 70% of our portfolio, it would apply predominantly to Americas. And we've been a little bit more aggressive there in terms of the price actions. As indicated, we've already announced to the field a price increase on non-residential products beginning July this year.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So the strike in Turkey has been completed. So we've reached conclusion and agreement. The impact there, there was a retrospective adjustment and an ongoing impact, if you will. And so, we had the flow through of the retrospective adjustment on margins. If you were to kind of pro forma that out, you'd have margins pretty much equal to maybe slightly better than the prior year. So, going forward, we still believe we can see some margins to be slightly up year-over-year. I like what we're seeing in the business, particularly in the volume growth. Electronics business is growing extremely well. And so, we like what we're seeing there from a top line perspective and would expect for the full year, as we had indicated at the beginning of the year, for margins to be slightly up even with this impact of the strike that we incurred in this quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: So a couple things I like about that product, Jeff, is it's got several patents that I think are unique to the industry and that product. Number two, I think you're aware of the large installed base that we've got. In an environment where there's a need and demand for better school security and connectivity, we think that products got outstanding opportunities. I was at our Von Duprin factory yesterday and extremely confident in our ability to produce a high-quality product that we're known for and meet the demands of the marketplace.
Patrick S. Shannon: It's really as we roll forward, this next couple of quarters important. We have a unique relationship through our field offices and our service partners to work with those schools and I think it will move through very quickly.
Patrick S. Shannon: I think we are in a better position as a price leader here. I think we've always worked extremely hard to get the value that our specification and products demand. You certainly see a bit of a headwind in this quarter for us, but it's more – anytime you slam tariffs down, our suppliers certainly take that opportunity. Demand is high, but I like our position to be able to get the price that we deserve in the marketplace, Jeff.
