John Stone: Thanks, Josh. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining today. I can sum up this call and this quarter with four words; Stable markets, strong execution. And that strong execution was by the entire Allegion team and our distribution channel partners. That's the team that drove these record Q2 results. I'll briefly walk through some of the highlights for our quarter and updated full year outlook, and then we'll share more on each of these later in the presentation. Allegion Q2 revenue growth and margin expansion demonstrates the resilience of our business model. We see stability in demand given our broad end-market exposure and specification expertise. Our team continues to see strength in areas like institutional markets and data centers, further helped by our own investments in electronics and new product development. And as expected, we saw a return to volume growth and a seasonal bump in the quarter sequentially over Q1. We’re accelerating capital deployment, returning cash to shareholders and investing in accretive acquisitions. We've announced four acquisitions already this year with Krieger Specialty Products and Unicel Architectural in Q2. Overall heading into the second half, we're executing at a high level. We are raising our full year guidance for reported revenue and adjusted earnings per share, and we are affirming our available cash flow outlook. I am very proud of how the Allegion team is living our values, while driving results for our customers and our shareholders. Please go to Slide 4. Allegion continues to pursue balanced, consistent capital allocation for the benefit of shareholders and to take advantage of the strong cash generation this business drives. We are investing for organic growth. In April, we introduced three new lines of Schlage indication solutions, a best-in-class lock portfolio with trims that allow users to more easily see the status of a door. Developed specifically with K-12 schools and higher education security needs in mind, our new locks have some of the largest indication windows on the market and differentiated 180-degree views. They offer unparalleled functionality and durability for Grade 1 fire-rated applications, in addition to tamper resistance and color-blind friendly backgrounds. Combined, these features allow for quick confirmation that doors are secured, providing teachers and administrators peace of mind and time, their most valuable resource when it matters most when every second counts. Allegion continues to be a dividend-paying stock. For the quarter, this amounted to approximately $42 million in cash returned to shareholders. We closed two bolt-on acquisitions in our Americas region in Q2, Krieger Specialty Products and Unicel Architectural. Krieger is a leading specialty door manufacturer with expertise in highly engineered, acoustical, high-security, thermal and radio frequency applications. Krieger products complement our hollow metal portfolio and are used in a wide range of facilities, including government agencies, data centers, concert halls and health care. Unicel is a leading manufacturer of advanced glass wall systems that support privacy, safety, energy efficiency and sustainability across institutional markets. This business is a natural extension of our core door and window systems portfolio of TGP, AD Systems and Stanley Access Technologies. Both Krieger and Unicel expand our portfolio with fast growing niche products for key verticals that will benefit from the strength of our spec writing capability and nationwide sales footprint. On a combined basis these businesses are accretive to overall Allegion growth rates and carry Allegion-like EBITDA margins in the low 20s. Total purchase price represents a valuation of approximately 10 times 2024 EBITDA. We are very pleased with the recent acquisitions we've made, strong management teams that have come on board and a great cultural fit with the employees that they bring to Allegion. We are excited to the future. Lastly in the quarter, we made additional share repurchases amounting to approximately $40 million. I am happy with the balanced and shareholder-friendly capital allocation that you see here on the slide, and Allegion continues to invest in the core, grow the business and return cash to shareholders. Mike will now walk you through the second quarter financial results, and I will be back to provide an update on our outlook and some final thoughts.
John Stone: Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 10. Allegion is on track for record full-year revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share in 2024. We are increasing our full year outlook on reported revenue and adjusted EPS, tightening our organic revenue range and affirming available cash flow. We now expect the Americas segment to be up 2.5% to 3.5% for total growth and 2% to 3% organically, led by our non-residential business. For International, we expect revenue to be up 3% to 4% in total including a 0.5% to 1.5% organically based on a solid start to the year, particularly in electronics and software. All in for the company, we’re raising total growth to a range of 2.5% to 3.5%. Organically, we are tightening the range by 0.5 point on both ends to 1.5% to 2.5%. Based on our strong operational performance in the second quarter and capital deployment, we are increasing our adjusted earnings per share outlook by $0.15 to a range of $7.15 to $7.30. Lastly, we affirm our outlook on available cash flow to be in the range of $540 million to $570 million. Please go to Slide 11. Now two years into my role at Allegion, I want to take a moment to reflect. I feel very lucky and very humbled to stepped into such a great team and business. We overcame supply chain and inflationary disruptions, and are now putting up record revenues and margins. We have two new factories ramping up productions smoothly and safely. We have successfully integrated the largest acquisition in Allegion's history and have grown our business further with five additional bolt-on acquisitions. And earlier this year, we earned the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, an achievement that I’d say is probably my proudest moment with Allegion so far. It is helpful to step outside the market discussion at the moment, whether it is supply chain and inflation as it was two years ago or Fed policy and macro data today. With Allegion, you will find a resilient business model, reflecting a strong value proposition, as well as opportunities to further drive growth and reward shareholders. It starts with the front-end and a spec engine that is always running and solving complex problems for our end-user customers, regardless of which non-res segment they're a part of. Plugging in bolt-ons like Krieger and Unicel into this spec engine creates additional value, as we bring heightened channel access to their strong niche products and help them grow. Our industry leading margins are the hallmark of a strong culture of execution at Allegion. We have a long standing track record of success on price and productivity that has created durable returns through the cycle. Allegion's broad portfolio and end-market exposure and mix of aftermarket and new construction further adds to the resiliency of our business. Our consistent balanced framework on capital allocation has allowed us to deploy approximately $280 million of cash flow year-to-date through accretive M&A and return of capital directly to shareholders. In summary, stable demand and strong execution by the entire Allegion team and our channel partners, drove record Q2 revenue and earnings per share results. We expanded margins and are accelerating capital deployment for the benefit of our shareholders, which supports our higher outlook for 2024. With that, let's turn to Q&A.
John Stone: Yes. Thanks Tim. Appreciate the question. And I think channel checks recently, have been out in the field with our sales teams and our end-users and distributors, would indicate pretty much what we said at the outset that we are in, what we would just call, a stable demand environment, really driven by the institutional segments and the stability there. I think the specification activity is always on, just the way we said it in the prepared remarks. And our spec writers have the capability to flex to whichever vertical, whichever job that they need to. So whether it is an office building, whether it's a school, a university, a hospital, a data center, our spec writers can do it all. And so just think of that as a flywheel that doesn't stop. I'd say, on the -- just the demand side, certainly there is pockets of strength, pockets of weakness, like we've been saying for the last few quarters. That ebbs-and-flows, depending on where you are or which vertical you are looking at. But in general, I think, we would just stick with a stable demand environment, and we feel like our strength and our execution will differentiate us and we will outperform the market.
John Stone: Yes, it's a great question, Tim and I appreciate that. And I’d just reinforce, we are really pleased with the acquisitions we've tucked in this year. Every one accretive to EPS right out of the chute. We talked a little bit gave a little bit of an indication on the kind of valuation that we were looking at here in the Americas recently. And I would say, way back to as I first stepped in the seat, we talked about orienting Allegion more towards growth. We do want to be acquisitive. We don't want to become a serial acquirer that just wantonly buys anything. We want to be very strategic. We want to play to our strengths. We want to have acquisitions that complement our portfolio and bring benefits to our customers. We want to have returns that are accretive to our shareholders. And so each acquisition, each deal is going to take on a life of its own and so the timing is going to be what it is. But I’d say, in terms of activity, our view would be -- my view would be the environment for strategics like Allegion is better than it was a year or two ago. We don't see that changing in the near-term, and we do see a good pipeline of opportunity. So I think you can look forward to seeing more quarters like you've seen these last couple from Allegion.
John Stone: Yes. It is a good question, Joe. And I think we had some rather extreme volatility in '21, '22. That volatility, for sure has dampened. And I'd say lately, it is kind of been not much of an event. You see little blips up and down, but generally within a range that's not concerning to us either way deflation or inflation on the raw mat side. And as Mike mentioned, I think we've got a whole host of pretty exciting productivity projects in the pipeline for our factories. And then again, two new factories ramping up that are going to drive more productivity in a couple of parts of the business that need it. So I would say, raw mat has been stable enough recently. We don't see anything dramatic on the horizon.
John Stone: Yes. So it is a great question, Joe. I'm glad you asked us. We've been dying for the chance to brag on International, because we think they've been performing extremely well. I would call your attention to over the past couple of years, there has been some intentional pruning in International just to exit a couple of underperforming businesses. So let us not forget that. The acquisitions made recently have been contributing favorably to growth in International as well. The demand for electronics and our software solutions has remained strong in the high single-digit range in International. Those businesses continue to outperform. And then I would say, even Portable Security, after many, many quarters of very tough end markets, turned positive on volume here in Q2. So really happy for them. They've done a great job managing margins over the past year, 1.5 years in really tough volume environments, and that turned positive as well. Overall, I’d say, there is been just a ton of self-help work going on, on the mechanical side of our International business in addition to continued strong demand and strong performance by our electronics and software teams.
John Stone: Yes, it is a good question. And certainly, we watch the same leading indicators that you referenced. They have been pretty volatile. Some of them have been flashing negative for a long, long time now. I’d say, in general, our view would be institutional segment has less volatility than maybe parts of the commercial segments. It is a bit more stable. And I think something else to look at that maybe wouldn't make it into an ABI or a Dodge Dart is municipal bond issuance, which is up about 30% year-to-date versus prior year period, which goes to funds, school budgets and things like that. Just something else to think about in terms of what's driving the activity, whether it is new construction or expansion or repair and maintenance, aftermarket type activity that's going on. I would say, the headline from the beginning of the prepared remarks is still the best takeaway, Joe. We see stable demand, but we feel like we're executing at a very high level.
John Stone: Julian, this is John. That's a super insightful question. And I think a couple of different things going on in res. You are right. secondary home sales are at really low levels, really depressed levels. Housing completions has kind of maintained a decent pace. So we are hearing some better growth sentiment from large national builders. Interest rates, though mortgage rates are still quite high depressing some activities. So you sum all that up, we feel really good about how our resi business has executed the first half of the year. That being said, still a bit of a cautionary outlook, a bit of a flattish outlook is what we are contemplating. And then any relief in the interest rate environment would definitely be a positive for us. And I think that seems to be what the broader market is waiting for.
John Stone: Yes, Brett, it's a really good question. And I appreciate you looking at the comps and the two-year stack. It is relevant to [top-back] (ph) given the tail of those supply chain disruptions that we've dealt with through first half of 2023, et cetera. Demand is still strong, and it is broad-based, I’d say, is the other conclusion. We see electronic locks being adopted in education, being adopted in health care, commercial office, multifamily, et cetera. It is broad-based adoption. The demand is still strong. And I think one of the key underlying growth drivers is still the leverage of the smartphone wallet, mobile credentials, digital credentials, digital identities that are now just increasing both the security of the access point, as well as the convenience, which is right up the middle of our seamless access and safer world strategy. You hear things from large university customers of ours that -- inbound students just flat-out refuse to carry a key or a plastic card these days and smartphone is a natural extension of their persona. So I see still tailwinds there in terms of electronics demand and adoption. And the work that we are doing in our hardware, the work we are doing in our software, as well as credential technology, really feel like Allegion is in a leading position here in the space and can continue to drive growth and good results.
John Stone: Yes. It's a good question, Brett. And I think the most accurate way we can describe that as still think of us as roughly a 50-50 mix, and that -- those two 50s are not pinpoint precision numbers. You are right, selling through distribution and in some cases, two step distribution, you do lose sight of exactly where that goes. And I’d say, it probably also depends on where you are in the Americas. If you're in a place where there's net migration, like a Texas or Florida, a new construction is probably more than 50% right now. If you are in some more mature markets, regions, Midwest or Northeast or whichever maybe, it is more heavily weighted towards aftermarket. That's why I'd say, on balance and in aggregate, it is still appropriate to think of us as about a 50-50 mix. The other thing I’d say is that once you spec yourself in to a large institution, university campus, school district, et cetera that makes that aftermarket business really sticky. And so break, fix, repair maintenance, new wing or whatever expansion like-for-like, replacement is quite prevalent. And that's another important tailwind on the electronics side because we are seeing some early adopters of electronic locks now upgrading to a recent model after installing locks just six, seven years ago. So a faster replacement cycle is also showing up these days.
John Stone: Yes, it is a good question, David. And I think we operate and our distribution channel operates in a made to order environment. And so in general, our channel does not hold a lot of inventory, unless that's specific to their business model where they -- a particular distributor will want to hold some, whatever unique or rarely ordered SKUs, just to be that provider of choice in their market. So lead times over the course of 2023 progressed back down to the two-week to four-week range for most of our products that our channel is used to. Ordering patterns have adjusted pretty well I think. And so I guess what I’d feel like is, similar like you saw with Allegion's seasonality Q1 to Q2, I think just kind of back to a more normal environment on the inventory side. And that's how we feel internally as well. I think our own inventory turns are up modestly this year. We feel good about that, good working capital discipline there. So my sense is our channel would feel the same.
John Stone: Thanks very much everyone for joining. Appreciate your time. I think in summary, stable demand, strong execution by the entire Allegion team. And it is worth to call out, what I’d feel, is probably the best field sales and marketing team and distribution channel organization in the industry. Very proud of how they've executed in Q2. Very proud of our Q2 revenue and EPS results. And we definitely feel like Allegion's best days are still ahead. Thanks everyone.
Mike Wagnes: Thanks for the question, Joe. We've been talking about this for some time. Our business, the way we manage it we drive pricing to cover inflation. We are going to drive productivity to fund our investments. And in aggregate, that price productivity investments and inflations dynamic is a net positive for us. We've shown that over many quarters now. We expect that to continue. From a pricing perspective in the Americas, that non-res business, it is very sticky. So we feel comfortable about the resiliency of the margin profile. And that productivity DNA that we have, we expect that to continue. So I would expect us to maintain these margins that you see. There was that temporary decline in 2021 and 2022, where we had supply chain challenges, that's kind of behind us now and we are in a good place. And I think from here, think of Allegion that you've known us over the last decade, where we are going to be driving that price and productivity to maintain and expand margins.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. Thanks for the question, Julian. If you look at our first half, we're doing quite well on the margin front. And we've been talking about it, and I mentioned it earlier to the earlier question. Just driving that price and productivity, the actions we can control to push margins. And we feel we've made good progress. So although organically we tightened the guide, we feel that the margin performance has really performed well. And so we did raise a [$0.05] (ph) as you see in our operational performance.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. If you remember, David we tend to manufacture in the region that we sell, right? So if you think of our Americas business, most of our non-residential business is really manufactured here in the United States. We do have some operations in Mexico as John mentioned, but we don't have a large supply chain where we are manufacturing our product in Asia and shipping it over here. If it is sold in the US, we tend to make it here as well.
