Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide 11. We have more visibility into our markets and I am increasingly optimistic on the economic recovery. The Americas residential business continues to be hot and is expected to grow in 2021. We anticipate strength at residential to persist for the foreseeable future. DIY demand remained strong and the construction market is strengthened by a shortage of available new homes, continued low mortgage rates and improved trends in permits and starts. However, completion rates have been lagging starts due to labor and supply shortages, which should improve as we move further past the pandemic. Looking at the Americas non-residential business, we saw demand begin to increase on the repair retrofit projects sooner than we previously anticipated. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of the year. In new constructions, we are starting to see positive movement in macroeconomic indicators, but it's important to remember the late cycle nature of this market. For 2021, I expect non-residential new construction to remain soft. But the monthly change in the architectural building index, Dodge construction starts and potential stimulus spending are trending favorable and assuming this continues, it will lead to growth in 2022 and beyond. Seamless access, software and electronics continue to be long-term growth drivers and they will remain our top investment priorities. They are the future of Allegion. With these parameters in place, we are now projecting total inorganic revenue in the Americas to be flat to up 1% in 2021. In the Allegion International segments, markets continue to recover and we expect full year growth in most of our international segments led by our Germanic and Global Portable Securities business. We continue to monitor the pace of vaccine rollouts internationally, as this will lead to sustainable improvements in the economic environment. Currency tailwinds more than offset the divestiture of our QMI door business and contribute to total growth. For the region, we are raising our outlook for total revenue growth to 12% to 13% with our organic growth of 7.5% to 8.5%. All in, for total Allegion, we are now projecting total revenue to be up 3% to 4% and organic revenue to increase 2% to 3%. We are also raising earnings per share outlook with reported EPS at a range of $4.85 to $5.05 per share and adjusted EPS to be between $5 and $5.15. This guide incorporates pricing actions to offset direct material inflation, as well as reflecting our supply chain capability to mitigate industry challenges on supply and electronic component shortages. We anticipate that these challenges will persist for the balance of the year and we will continue to monitor and adapt to changing market conditions. Our outlook for available cash flow is also being raised and now projected to be $430 million to $450 million. The outlook assumes investment spend of approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per share. The full year adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 12.5%. The outlook for outstanding diluted shares continues to be approximately 91 million. Please go to Slide 12. Allegion is off to a great start. We experienced reported and organic revenue growth, expanded operating margins and delivered strong cash flow. We have solid business fundamentals and a proven ability to execute and adapt to changing and uncertain market conditions. We have managed the business extremely well to set us up for success as markets returned to normal. Macroeconomic indicators and specific indices related to our business are trending positive and I'm increasingly confident in the recovery. The Allegion commitment to shareholders, employees and customers is to be stronger, exiting the pandemic than when we entered, our work continues. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their diligence and dedication during the pandemic. It is their commitment that has driven the company to perform well and accelerated our vision of seamless access in a safer world. Allegion future is bright. Thank you. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: I'd add one other dimension and that would just be a slight mix shift as this - as the discretionary small project comes back and we're seeing that and applauding it, it tends to have more mid price point products versus our new build supply that's, you know, heavy in our premium products.
Dave Petratis: You know, we see some favorable indicators, one, the broader indicators that you all see, ABI, Dodge, you know, it's, you know, starts, not Dodge starts. But momentum. So we like what we see there too. Our own specification is up. The challenge with that is specification doesn't mean orders tomorrow or next week or even next quarter, you know, we would see that, you know, gaining momentum as we exit '21 and then into '22. I also like the, you know, where the investment is going in terms of our mix and strengths of the company, as we see end markets dynamics, you know, in major projects and in construction, hospitals, K through 12, college campuses and institutions, that's where the market is rebounding and it attends to complement the strengths of the company.
Dave Petratis: So thanks for your question. You know we absolutely see the billions of dollars that are being allocated into K through 12's campuses. We will see benefit from that, hard to quantify each project, you know, we'll have different attributes, but it's clear, school security remains on the minds of Americans. And I think to the rise in violence, which is disturbing across the country, you know, will coupled with the stimulus, school security will get a portion of that investment and benefit Allegion.
Dave Petratis: I would just add, we will capture a large percentage of that security spent and we should be able to have visibility to that in our spec and quotation activity in which we also see a very large part of the market.
Dave Petratis: So, one, remember the pandemic started, you know, internationally before it started here. So you know, Asia Pacific, particularly Italy hit hard early. So we're seeing that recovery, even though the pandemic continues to move. Number two, our continued investment in electronics and software, our Interflex and SimonsVoss businesses are performing extremely well and quite proud of the work. The leverage of investment to drive top line which we will continue. Third, success in our GPS business, you know, for those of you that have gone to try and buy a bike, there's no inventory in, and we made supply chain changes that gives us some advantages versus importers. We like that. And then we're beginning to see early recovery as well, Australia, New Zealand, remember, our Gainsborough acquisition as residential recovery drives in Australia we'll do extremely well there. I'd add something else. Over the last four to five quarters, we've been working hard to reposition that. We collapsed, you know, three divisions into two that gave us some cost efficiencies, driving more accountability down and the ability to invest back in those businesses for future growth. I like our position and the future's bright as we move through recovery.
Dave Petratis: I would describe it as this, and I think it's consistent as I have painted it. I think over the last 12 months, there's been absence of any type of preventive maintenance and small project work because the focus was on the health and safety of the occupants of buildings. I believe what we saw strongly, you know, beginning mid-March and continues on is the return of that, people going after those projects, those small projects preventive maintenance activity, particularly if it's security related, carry a pretty high priority versus other preventive maintenance aspects. Let's say the door doesn't show up properly, it's not locking, I have a security breach. You know, maintenance people are always making tradeoffs as we move into the air-conditioning season, where we don't have a heat, those tends to be a, you know, a red priority, we could fall into yellow. But, Tim, I believe there's an absence - there have been an absence of preventive maintenance, the small projects and those are moving in, I believe the budgets are there. I've also been refreshed that in larger projects that have - that were delayed, those are coming back, you know, in the mid price project level. An example would be the University of Tennessee, they had a project, you know, that was, you know, slated to go in '20, that's come back on. So, you know, was fully budgeted. I think, again, what that will naturally occur and we'll get our share of that wallet and as the new construction comes back, it will add more momentum to Allegion.
Dave Petratis: I would say, the attention of the leadership team has never been stronger. You know, focused on, you know, moves that can help improve the scale of Allegion. We believe as we move harder in seamless access scale matters, we're pushing hard on moves that we think would help us participate in the connection of access, seamless access at a faster pace. I'd say less time spent on you know, smaller projects and deals. But you know, we've been working on this now for seven, eight years and we're pushing on those relationships. We believe there's further consolidation opportunities within the market. And the faster that we, you know, accelerate this convergence it's going to force some action.
Dave Petratis: I think, you know, first, let's look at the lay of the land, you know, backwards. You know, we had the rupture of the pandemic, then let's go even back, we had a record Q1, we had the rupture of the pandemic, but as we compare to competition, I believe we were stronger, you know, quarter in, quarter out over several of the last quarter. So, you know, whether it was up or down the sequential nature of it, remember, we talked about, you know, plowing through our backlog. So with that as a backdrop, as we move through, we should expect some lift in the second and third quarters that we would normally see. I think that's why we highlight the return of the discretionary and small projects, which I think will certainly be better than it was a year ago. The but is, you know, that new construction demand is not as robust as it was going into the pandemic. So I think it takes '21 to normalize itself. And we'll see, probably a truer picture of what the markets going to be and we believe better as we go into '22.
Dave Petratis: Patrick will have the math, I would suggest, and we are suggesting a forecast that's not going to happen. And I think one of the key drivers is new - non-residential construction starts, they had been down 28% for the last four quarters. And that is clearly a driver of our business that's got to be in place to get that type of ramp.
Dave Petratis: I want to be very clear. Beginning mid-March and through today, we saw an uplift in wholesale and CHD demand that we believe is part of you know, an air pocket that we saw 12 months earlier, preventive maintenance, small projects were delayed. And that's come back and we're very pleased to see that. It was a little earlier, I think the results of the vaccination success we're having here in the US has driven that and overall confidence. So you know, feel good about that. We added to Allegion's commercial - or commercial and institutional backlog in the Americas during the period. And we continue to believe that will - that demand will continue. I think the challenge is that new construction backlog which you know, the projects are complete, I think it's evident in the starts data that comes out of Dodge, and we just got to work through that. I think we've got a reasonable view on it. Again, market demand was better than we anticipated in Q1, reasonably better, it's still softer than it was a year ago.
Dave Petratis: I would say you know, the new construction activity is, you know, performing as we would anticipate and we see the benefits of that really rolling in into '22. And it's the nature of the beast. I would also emphasize this. However the market performs, on the retrofits small project and new construction, I believe that we've made the investments here that will continue to beat the market.
Dave Petratis: I would say, if starts inflect and we believe they'll gain momentum as we go through the year you really see the benefits of that in '22, because dirt in the ground today does not mean revenues for Allegion tomorrow, this is a long cycle nature, most building projects that, you know, have a 12 month to 18-month duration, especially in our sweet spots. And that's how I'd paint it. I'm extremely encouraged by the uplift of our specification activity and the broader indices. And I think, coupled that with the stimulus, you know, we feel good about where this business is going.
Dave Petratis: …suggest you know, just a little bit more color on that. The range of capabilities that Allegion has today, opening price point, mid price point and full price point in terms of our commercial and institution offerings is it’s significantly better than it was in the last downturn. We're seeing that growth, we're flexing, you know, our strength in the channel to make sure if the dollar’s available for revenue, that we get more than our fair share of that.
Dave Petratis: So, you know, our record speaks for itself here, I think the Allegion's supply chain has performed exceptionally you know, through the last five quarters. You know, it's because of this, you know, strategic choice that we make to produce, you know, in region and it's benefiting us in a lot of ways. There are clear and obvious pressures, particularly on electronics and we're certainly adapting to those. You know, there could be, you know, some shutdowns in terms of we're not able to produce specific products. With that in mind, we were very aggressive early to put in long-term orders to secure our supply chains, we've got tight, vendor relations. And again, my confidence is, yes, we can be affected, but we will navigate it better than the competition.
Dave Petratis: I would also, you know - 40 years of dealing with this type of thing we made moves early, you know, that will help us. And we're extremely proud of our supply team. And you know, what they've done to mitigate a variety of issues and we were well out ahead of this, and I think we'll come out of it stronger.
Dave Petratis: So, you know, I think if you go across the geographies, you know, we see stronger activity, particularly in the South, East Texas, you can kind of look at where COVID’s come, you know, had harder hits or, you know, where shutdowns have been harder, you know, it reflects the strength as you go into the different segments, think about, were you completing your preventive maintenance list at any hospital in the United States over the last, you know, 15 months? I would suggest the answer is no. College campuses are similar and we see confidence in our wholesale distribution orders, incoming orders. And it's going into those segments that have really been, you know, battered in their ability just to, you know, meet the needs of their customers.
Dave Petratis: So, you know, Tim does have a lot of instant talent. And, you know, we give him you know, great kudos in the first 90 days. Jeff, there - there's been a tremendous amount of work that's gone on in that business over the last couple of years. And one is, you know, I talked about the restructuring, significant investment in prioritization around Interflex and SimonsVoss really nice growth over the last six quarters, the Interflex and SimonsVoss performed exceptionally during the pandemic, and I think that momentum will continue. As you think about strategic priorities for Tim, it's to continue that growth and expand the cloud and technical capabilities. You know better than others that SimonsVoss really thrives on what we call active technologies. Driving more investment that goes into some of the passive areas will help fuel those - their growth which could include also acquisition. But we like that SimonsVoss Interflex. I think, second important for Tim, is, we acquired the Gainsborough asset, that's well positioned. We launched the first electronic tri-lock in the region. And we think we're well positioned to be with new - in the newbuild and the DIY to see nice growth as that residential market recovers in Gainsborough. I think third what has been surprising to Tim in his first 90 days, is the opportunity to export more capability from the Americas which he has more knowledge than anybody in the company, and you know, so looking forward to taking some of the real strengths we have here in the Americas and helping our international partners grow even faster.
Dave Petratis: So, I would describe it as one of the most exciting opportunities that I've seen in you know my 40 years of industrial participation. The company has been invested heavily and increased our investment as we went through the pandemic, you know, the, Yonomi acquisition would be reflective. But if you looked under the covers and saw the growth of our investments in Bangalore and our engineering capabilities, since I created - since we created Allegion, we tripled the feet on the street there to be able to position ourselves more strongly in the connectivity and the software elements. Third, Jeff, would be the venture activity you know, and you see some of the investments Kasa, Mint House, Openpath, I don't believe we - our strategy has been to be in the fast lanes to you know with new technology to be observe, learn, partner, invest potentially own, Yonomi went through that entire cycle. I think we continue to sharpen our position and I like our opportunities to be able to participate in the world of seamless access that you described.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. Julian so I would characterize it this way. You know, first of all, you know, during the course of the quarter, you know, things progressively got better, particularly as we looked at our non-residential business. And by that, I mean just kind of the level of activity orders, you know, customer enthusiasm, specifically related to discretionary projects. And so that piece of information plus with the improvement and uncertain indices leading indicators relative to our business, i.e., ABI new construction starts, those types of things, which I'll remind you relative to new construction, it doesn't necessarily mean it's going to be incremental business this year, but continued improvement, particularly as we look out beyond 2021. With the improvement in non-resi, you know, really relates to discretionary projects, you know are continuing to be favorable more than what we had originally anticipated. Last time, we were on the conference call, residential continues its strength really across the board. You know, just really seeing good improvement in DIY, new build construction, et cetera, we expect that strength to continue. I would just, you know, remind you, you know, keep in mind that last year as we're coming, exiting out of Q2 after the plant shutdowns, demand started to surge, we were kind of catching our feet relative to production and kind of keeping up with demand. We didn't start kind of filling channel inventory until late Q3, Q4, that will be non-recurring right this year. And so you get into a tougher comp, if you will, in the back half of this year as it relates to the residential business, but still growth on a normalized basis.
Patrick Shannon: It's going to be more difficult. And, you know, the reason being is the inflationary item will step up, it's going to be worse as we progress kind of throughout the course of the year. Why, because of the input costs, you know, specific to commodities and material components. The other thing I would remind you of is, remember, we talked last year about some of the boomerang effect of the cost kind of coming back in into 2021, that was not there in 2020. So that's another item, plus, you know, we're going to have incremental investments, so all those are going to weigh a little bit more on margin. And will put a, you know, more pressure, if you will, on margins in the back half of the year that, you know, for '21 that we didn't experience in 2020. But let me just add something else. I think the - on the non-resi side of things is you know, relative to the reduced volume, even though things were getting better as we progressed throughout the year, we do have volume deleverage. We have taken the necessary actions to extract variable costs, okay. So it's really a volume deleverage issue. It's not a permanent item, when volumes come back margins will accelerate and - because we've taken the necessary cost control actions.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, so, you know, I would characterize, you know, the earnings, you know, really good performance, obviously in Q1. You know, if we look at the full year guide, you know, kind of in line with last year, in terms of where we ended up. You know, I would expect, you know, what the improvement in terms of our outlook, particularly on the non-residential business gaining momentum that will hopefully continue to accelerate in 2022. As I mentioned before, you would see continuous improvement in margins relative to that business, with the continuation of residential in the strength of the end markets, would expect growth there. So, yeah, I would characterize, you know, as long as the end markets continue to be favorable, you know, we'll see, you know, earnings growth, you know, accelerate, you know, from '22 and beyond.
Patrick Shannon: You know, I would say, Andrew, a little bit too hard to quantify at this point. However, you know, as we talked about earlier, a step up in terms of order activity relative to discretionary projects, we did see and that will turn into we'll call it, new business, you know, Q2, Q3 type of timeframe. But I think trying to kind of quantify a larger impact specific to the stimulus bill right now is probably premature.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, John. So, you know, again, as you indicated, really strong performance, you know, both top line and you know, margin, you know, rates, particularly relative compared to prior year. Just as a reminder, you may recall last year, we were pretty quick out of the gate in terms of implementing cost control measures, you know, going in with the restructuring programs across the board, in Asia as well as Europe. And so you're seeing kind of the full benefit of that, if you will, reflected in the '21 results. So the restructuring actions taken last year begin to lap in the back half of the year. So you're not going to see kind of a step up in the margin performance that you saw in Q1. However, I would suggest that margins will continue to improve year-over-year, you know, as we continue throughout the year, and we should finish on an aggregate basis, i.e. the consolidation of Asia and Europe together, that kind of a record performance in terms of margin percent. And that's really reflective as Dave kind of highlighted earlier, the continued strength in electronics, which has a higher margin profile, the - all the cost reduction actions that we've taken will continue to manifest itself and the collapse and consolidation of the two segments together, we're seeing the benefits of that as well. I feel like we're in a really good position kind of going forward, not only to drive top line, but ensure that we do it in a profitable basis and we continue from here on out getting margin accretion as the business continues to grow.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, so we did experience some of that, not to the magnitude that we did in the latter half of last year. And I would say too, you know, quite frankly, if you kind of look at inventory levels in the channel, you know, particularly a big box like that on like a trailing kind of 12-month basis, basis of future demand, still probably lower than where it needs to be. So it's a matter of kind of, you know, trying to produce at a higher level, which is difficult right now, kind of given some of the supply constraints in our business. So there is maybe a little bit more that we could put into the channel. But you know, right now as that we're kind of assuming we're more on a normalized basis, producing, you know, basis of demand type of thing.
Patrick Shannon: So, Jeff, keep in mind, going into Q2 last year, we're coming off a record quarter Q1 2020. Backlogs were really, really healthy both on discretionary, new construction you know, projects that were started were kind of still being completed some of them may have been delayed and pushed out during the back half of the year. So you still have a real tough comp on non-res, okay, new construction, it begins to improve year-over-year and sequentially, but by Q2 is still going to be, you know, a non-resi now, okay, non-residential, a non-resi still kind of be tough, okay. We didn't have plant shutdowns like we did in residential business in Q2.
Patrick Shannon: As you know, we don't really give specific guidance associated with a breakdown in those, you know, kind of end markets, but, you know, I would, you know, characterize it this way that, you know, continued, you know, pressure as we kind of continue to go through '21, relative to new construction, year-over-year, but getting sequentially better in the back half of the year, i.e. as we progress, the rate of decline becomes less. The repair and retrofit was the first area that kind of saw the decline, you know, last year and that will start to hopefully improve in the back half of the year, you know, year-over-year, but keep in mind, the new construction part of our non-residential business is roughly 65% relative to or compared to the discretionary total.
Patrick Shannon: And I would add that, you know, the current guide assumes that we're going to help mitigate the impact of the inefficiencies. You know, I feel good about that, where we stand today. However, you know, continued pressure there does create inefficiencies, you know, to the extent, you know, we're unable to procure the appropriate supplies needed to produce the products. And so kind of remains to be seen, but we're managing through it. Some of our product lines, you know particularly electronics are hand to mouth and it does create, you know, inefficiencies, but we're working through those issues.
