David D. Petratis: Thanks, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Allegion delivered another strong quarter in Q3 and I'm pleased with our operational performance, which has positioned us well to deliver a solid 2018. Allegion saw a strong top-line revenue growth in the third quarter with strength across all regions. The Americas saw solid volume in both the non-residential and residential businesses, as end-market fundamentals continue to be positive, particularly in institutional verticals. Price was very strong in the Americas and remain firmed in Europe. Asia-Pacific saw organic growth rebound nicely in the quarter. Acquisitions continue to contribute to total company revenue growth. Electronics growth globally continues to accelerate and was quite substantial during the quarter, led by the Americas region, which saw nearly 30% growth in electronic products during the quarter. We see the electronics growth outlook continuing to be a long-term positive trend, as more and more products become connected for ease of access. We are driving price realization and productivity actions in an effort to mitigate the substantial inflationary pressures we are experiencing. We did experience margin declines in the quarter as acquisitions were diluted. Excluding the 2018 acquisitions, adjusted operating margins were flat year-over-year. I'm very pleased with our ability to manage those inflationary pressures and maintain organic margins through both pricing and cost actions. In the third quarter, we delivered robust EPS growth, seeing more than 20% expansion in adjusted EPS, driven primarily from operations and tax rate benefits. This EPS performance highlights our continued focus on driving increased shareholder value. Last, we are raising our outlook for revenue and EPS. Total revenue growth is projected to be between 13% and 13.5%, raising from our previous range of 12.5% to 13.5%. Organic revenue is being increased to a range of 5% to 5.5%, up from the 4% to 5% provided last quarter. For adjusted EPS, we are raising the range to $4.43 to $4.50 per share, bringing up the low end of our previous outlook, which was $4.35 to $4.50. Please go to slide 5. In Q3, Allegion delivered strong top-line revenue performance. Revenue from the third quarter with $711.5 million, an increase of 16.8%, inclusive of organic growth of 8.5%. Benefits from acquisition also contributed to the top-line revenue expansion, offsetting the slightly unfavorable currency impact. All regions grew organically. America led the way with organic growth of just over 10% in the quarter, supported by robust growth in electronics, strong pricing, and solid volume in both the nonresidential and residential businesses. The EMEIA regions saw organic growth of 3.4% and Asia-Pacific organic growth rebounded nicely, coming in at nearly 6%. Adjusted operating margins decreased by 140 basis points due to the dilution related to our acquisitions made earlier this year. Excluding the impact of those acquisitions, the base operating margins were flat year-over-year as the business did a good job of driving price realization and productivity savings to combat continued inflationary pressures. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.23 increased $0.21 or 20.6% versus the prior year. The increase was driven by our operational performance and a favorable year-over-year tax rate. Year-to-date available cash flow is up more than $90 million nearly 68%. The prior year discretionary pension funding payment, along with increased earnings, are driving the increase. Please go to slide 6. Electronic growth continues to accelerate. Our global brands continue to innovate to develop smart solutions across residential and nonresidential markets. One recent example of such innovation is the SimonsVoss SmartHandle AX, which was launched in the third quarter. The SmartHandle AX is a modular handset that leverages the SimonsVoss AX platform. This means the solution has a flexible design that can adapt to different door variants and global standards, while also offering smart features like Bluetooth phone-to-door communication. We are excited that this technology can be leveraged globally because of its adaptability and open architecture. What's more interesting, the SmartHandle AX has an intrinsic security feature to put users' minds at ease. It fits seamlessly into existing security hardware environments with retrofit features, including door monitoring. At Allegion, innovation in access is an opportunity to put our customers first. Our SimonsVoss SmartHandle AX offers security and compatibility as well as easy installation and extended battery life without compromising design quality. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results, and I'll be back to discuss our full year 2018 outlook.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide number 14. As noted on the slide, we are updating revenue outlooks for all regions and for the company as a whole. We are raising total and organic revenue growth in the Americas and lowering total and organic revenue growth outlooks for both Europe and Asia. This results in the consolidated outlook for total revenue increasing to a range of 13% to 13.5% and organic revenue increasing to a range of 5% to 5.5%. If we look closer at the Americas business, end market fundamentals remain solid as evidenced by our third quarter results and we continue to see positive indicators in the nonresidential markets with particular strength in institutional verticals, which is expected to continue through 2019. We expect a strong demand for electronic products, especially residential electronic locks, to continue as more residential consumers desire connected smart access to their homes. European markets are expected to continue to see modest growth driven by electronic products. General European macroeconomic conditions, like consumer and business confidence, remain positive, but are softening. The GDP in all of our key economies are expanding. In the Asia-Pacific region, we should see solid growth with strength in electronic products. However, the markets in our Australia and New Zealand businesses have slowed. The total revenue growth for Asia-Pacific will continue to be bolstered by the acquired GWA Door and Access businesses. We expect inflationary pressures to continue for the remainder of the year. The Americas price increase put in place during the quarter has gained good traction and will continue to help mitigate the impacts of inflation. We are raising our reported earnings per share outlook to a range of $4.23 to $4.35 up from $4.15 to $4.35. And we're also raising adjusted earnings per share to $4.43 to $4.50, up from the previous range of $4.35 to $4.50. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 12% to 14%. As Patrick stated, we are also affirming our cash flow outlook of $380 million to $400 million. The outlook assumes the full year tax rate to be approximately 14.5% and outstanding diluted shares of approximately 96 million. As noted, there is no change to our assumption for investment spend in the outlook. It remains at $0.15 per share. Please go to slide 15. As a summary of Allegion's Q3 performance, total revenue grew nearly 17%. Organic revenue grew 8.5%. Adjusted operating margins were down 140 basis points and were flat when excluding the impact of acquisitions. Adjusted EPS saw more than 20% growth in the quarter. End market fundamentals in the Americas remain strong. Now, I and Patrick will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: We stand behind our long-term outlook in terms of EPS growth. We were strong this morning in our belief in end markets, and especially around the institutional piece. You can look at education, healthcare and areas that we do well in; I like the outlook for 2019.
David D. Petratis: Especially, in U.S. res, you see acceleration, because of new entrants, because of things like last-mile delivery. But I think the maturity of the keyless world continues to develop globally. We're extremely pleased with our electronic development globally, but a bright line shining on SimonsVoss and Interflex. We think this market has a decade run. And when you start thinking about access as an opportunity, smart devices, the proliferation of cell phone, smart credentials will redefine access in the next decade. And we think Allegion's in a great position, along with the security industry, to be able to take advantage of that.
David D. Petratis: So, number one, pleased with the cash flow generation of the business, especially the core. We challenged our teams in January that we expected better inventory management on the core business, and they've done a good job to optimize that. And it's showing on the bottom line in terms of cash. Expect us to go in and drive improvements in the acquisition side of what we're acquiring as well. I think, two, when you move (32:21) how we'll deploy that cash, the acquisition pipeline continues to be active, robust. We did six acquisitions in the first half. So, we're in the process of digesting those, but our people continue to develop the relationships that complement that pipeline. I think we're more mindful in terms of the access in the future and how electronic, software and systems can help leverage our core business. With that said, assets are expensive in the M&A pipeline. And we've said that if we can't deploy that cash, we will return it in terms of share buybacks and dividends to our shareholders.
David D. Petratis: I'd reemphasize, our North American supply chain is local, in North America. And it gives us some of the best margins in our industry that we continue to focus on to meet customer requirements and drive productivity. We think it's a good setup. We work to try and emulate that globally, where we can have competitive supply chains that helped us put up industry-leading margins.
David D. Petratis: I think it's no secret that the commercial environment is peaked. We still see opportunities in that market. 800 hotel rooms announced last Sunday here in Indianapolis would be an example of that. We think our product positioning gives us the opportunity to continue the growth along with our channel initiatives. But as you think about 2019, healthcare, education look favorable. Our quotation activity looks favorable and we'll continue to take what the commercial market gives us as we move forward.
David D. Petratis: So, thanks for pointing out our development of Overtur. It's a system that helps our spec writers connect with architects and designers. It's something that we've been developing over the last year here at Allegion. Number one, look for us to expand that into acquisitions integrations as we move forward. Number two, if you think about the world of specification, especially with architects, new architects entering the space expect to be connected digitally. And we think Overtur is a nice step up for that. It provides features that drive efficiencies in terms of the design and project management, and it will help us put, what I would describe, hooks in that design phase and build on the competitive advantage that already exist. Allegion, particularly in the Americas, has one of the strongest spec-writing capabilities and investing in digital tools to advance that's the right step. We like our position there.
David D. Petratis: So, I don't know that I'd want to show my hand there, but we believe, around the institutional markets advancing our wireless access technologies, that that's a perfect fit for us. And you think about the sets of products that we have in terms of wireless access design, we like how that can advance us in our growth in that segment, Jeff.
David D. Petratis: So, I'd point to a couple areas, (45:42) overall broad awareness. Last mile delivery, smart doorbells, all starts with dialog, does your front door connect as well as my front door. I think second is the advancement of e-commerce. Whether it's Home Depot, Amazon, our e-commerce channels are growing extremely nicely, and this is a click-and-play type product. I think our brand is significant here. There has been some research out in the market that talks about the importance of brand awareness in the market. And we think the Schlage brand, our star ratings, if you look into some of that, the highest star ratings with the most reviews on our products are things that line up nicely for Allegion.
David D. Petratis: We will have a product available imminently that's compatible with Amazon Key. That was our commitment, and we're there.
David D. Petratis: And let me add a little bit to that. We are compatible with a variety of operating systems, and we'll have a release in this quarter that connects with a world that's moving all the time.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, Julian, as you indicated, Q3 on a dollars basis, we're a little bit underwater, not significantly. So, I think the team, in aggregate, has done a really good job to help mitigate the inflationary headwinds with incremental pricing. And you saw the price realization come in extremely strong, particularly in Americas. So, really good progress there. As you're aware, we're starting to see the inflation, particularly as it relates to inputs on commodities, to be more stable. And with the incremental price realization, we'd anticipate Q4 to be slightly positive. So, we're starting to turn the corner is how I would suggest in Q4. As we look out going forward, the way I would think about it, you really need to look at the components of both price and your assumptions for inflation. As you saw in Q3, outstanding price realization, north of 2%, that provides a very good backdrop and tailwind, if you will, in terms of price improvement, particularly in the first half of next year, which you may recall this year, we only had about a 1% price improvement year-over-year in the first half. So, good tailwind there. In inflation, again, material stabilized. So if you assume there's not a big increase relative to the current spot rates, which if you look, by the way, whether it be steel, brass or zinc, the current spot rates are anywhere from 10% to 20% lower than the peak spot rates in earlier this year. So, I'd expect lower inflation next year. And so, what's the net of all this mean? It means that we should see significant improvement in terms of the price/cost dynamic in 2019 going forward, and that should help us in margin accretion for next year. I think it sets us up well. One other thing I'll note is that, keep in mind, you're seeing margin dilution from this price/cost dynamic because, essentially, we're holding flat, offsetting inflation with price. And the tyranny of the math, if you will, suggests that you're going to have margin dilution, maybe not dollars, but certainly margin dilution if you're not getting more than 20% north of your inflation.
Patrick S. Shannon: Still see opportunity for margin expansion, just as I've mentioned, getting margin accretion associated with this price inflation dynamic. Also, the incremental margin on volume is still quite strong, 40-plus percent. Don't see any pressure as it relates to pricing that would deteriorate that going forward; and, the market fundamentals, extremely strong, particularly in Americas. So, there's nothing that I could see that would suggest any margin dilution or we're peaked on margin going forward. As you think about investments, we will continue to invest in the business. There's opportunities to drive the business faster, I would say, particularly around electronics in terms of demand creation. And we'll continue to look at those opportunities. And there'll be more color provided on next quarter's conference call. But I think we've got good opportunity to continue margin accretion as well – not only the base business, but the acquisitions as we continue to accelerate those and fold them into our specification writing capabilities, I think that's going to provide us good opportunities as well as operational excellence improvements.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. I would just add too, Josh, that if you think about the trend here, this is a, as we've indicated, low penetration on electronic locks and home, we'll call it high-single digits. And so, that provides for a good backdrop for continued growth. And just a reminder that we're not as dependent upon new construction in the resi market, a lot of our sell-through is DIY. And so, I just think there is significant opportunity, as homes become more connected, to accelerate this whole electronics growth. Good secular trend, not as dependent upon new construction going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, the first point is that we do not have significant exposure on imports from China. It's predominantly on fighter brands, accessories, those type of things, because we do a lot of region insource and manufacturing. So, I'd say, low exposure from an overall perspective. On the materials that we do import here to the U.S., we have a couple alternatives to mitigate. One is find alternative sources of supply, which we're working on. And two is to mitigate it by a price increase. And with the products that are impacted by the L3, we have already gone out and announced a price increase effective December 1 and to help mitigate that. So when I look at the impact for 2019, I would say the expectation is it will be offset entirely, i.e., no impact; and then for the balance of this year, minimal impact, if any.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. I would say, similar across the board, premium may be a little bit stronger, particularly as institutional markets recover. And that, as you know, is a really good trend from an overall market demand, because we got favorable mix there. Strength across all the brands and product categories, maybe the premium brands doing a little bit better than the fighter brands. But we're seeing good growth, particularly as it relates to our channel-led initiative on the discretionary business here in the U.S., which is more of a lower price point type of product. So, overall, strong growth in all the brands and products.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, the expectation is that we would begin to see some benefits next year as we continue to integrate those businesses and leverage a little bit more on top-line growth. So, I would expect some year-over-year improvement. The margin profile of those acquisitions collectively aren't at the aggregate margins that we see today, but they should begin to show some positive incremental improvement next year, if you're looking at it a year-over-year basis.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, we're not going to give specific numbers, but resi a little bit higher than the non-resi piece.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, that would be fairly close. Keep in mind, there's heavy amortization expense associated with intangibles. So, really, on a cash basis, EBITDA is the mid-teens – mid to high teens. And so, hey, look, the performance of the business under a little bit of pressure, like we mentioned, associated with the base business in terms of higher inflation, those type of things. And I would expect those businesses, again, as that subsides a little bit more, to improve margins going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Ron, when you look at our residential business, we're more aftermarket than new construction. So definitely, north of 50% is aftermarket, the biggest channel being through big-box retailers. We don't give the exact amount, but as you think of our business, it's not as tied to new build at all.
