Tom Martineau - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Kaye. Good morning, everyone. Welcome and thank you for joining us for the second quarter 2016 Allegion earnings call. With me today is Dave Petratis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Shannon, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Allegion. Our earnings release which was issued earlier this morning and the presentation which we will refer to in today's call are available on our website at www.allegion.com. This call will be recorded on our website. Please go to slide number 2. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause actual results to vary from anticipated results. The company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. Our release and today's commentary include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the impact of restructuring and acquisition expenses in current year and prior-year results. We believe these adjustments reflect the underlying performance of the business when discussing operational results and comparing to the prior-year periods. Please refer to the reconciliation in the financial tables of our press release for further details. Dave and Patrick will discuss our second quarter 2016 results, which will be followed by a Q&A session. For the Q&A, we would like to ask each caller to limit themselves to one question and then reenter the queue. We will do our best to get to everyone given the time allotted. Please go to slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Tom Martineau - Director-Investor Relations: And I would like to comment – Thanks, Jeremie. And this is Tom. I would just ask, let's try to keep the question maybe to one question the rest of the way. We're going to run pretty tight today.
Tom Martineau - Director-Investor Relations: We'd like to thank everyone for participating in today's call. Please contact me for further questions. And for my last time, please have a safe day.
David D. Petratis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm extremely pleased with the company's second quarter results. We continue to deliver profitable growth that reflects continued execution of our growth pillars as well as the benefits of investments in the business. Revenues of $584.9 million grew 12.6%, reflecting organic growth of 8.9% as well as the benefit of prior-year acquisitions. The Americas had organic growth of 9.8%, which was driven by strong revenue growth in our non-residential business. This included an anticipated shift in revenue from Q1 to Q2 associated with our ERP implementation at our Indianapolis facility. If you recall, we ended the first quarter with elevated levels of backlog associated with the implementation. I am pleased to say we made significant progress in the second quarter through improved throughput and reduced the associated backlog. We caught up on shipments, and I expect a normal flow of shipments for the second half of the year. EMEA organic revenues grew at 3%, and our Asia Pacific business had a very strong organic revenue growth of 12.9%. If we exclude the previously divested system integration business revenues from prior-year amounts, the Asia Pacific business achieved organic growth of 23.6%. Adjusted operating income of $125.7 million increased 24.2% versus the prior year. Overall, operating margin improved by 200 basis points. This is the second straight quarter in which all Allegion regions delivered organic revenue growth and margin expansion, once again demonstrating our ability to efficiently leverage incremental volume. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.99 increased more than 39% versus the prior-year period, driven primarily from improved operating performance, acquisitions and a lower effective tax rate. This is our eighth straight quarter with double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. As a result, we are improving our full-year guidance of organic revenue growth to a range of 5% to 6% and total revenue growth of 8% to 9%. In addition, we are tightening our full-year adjusted EPS guidance to $3.30 to $3.40 per share. Please go to slide 4. Shifting a bit from the financials, I'm equally pleased with our safety performance of our business. We believe that excellence in safety is a True North metric of enterprise excellence. And having a workforce committed to safety is crucial for continued operational success and delivering shareholder value. As you can see from the chart, Allegion has consistently been a leader among our peers and other manufacturing companies for total recordable incident rates. We incorporate safety in our business system and measure ourselves against annual goals. Year-to-date 2016, we continue to see an improvement of 13% by forecasting on risk and a reduction of injuries at home and at work. Be safe and be healthy is one of Allegion's core values, and providing and maintaining safe work environment is my number one priority. Patrick will now walk you through the financials and I'll be back to discuss our full-year 2016 guidance.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 13. We are improving our 2016 guidance for revenue and EPS, as noted on the slide. We are increasing revenue growth for all regions, given first half performance and our expectations for the remainder of the year. This results in total organic revenue improving a full point versus prior guidance to a range of 5% to 6% and total revenue improving to a range of 8% to 9%. If we look closer at the Americas business, residential market indicators still suggest continued growth. New construction starts are approaching 1.2 million, with resilient strength in the multi-family segment. The residential aftermarket is also performing well, given increased home pricing and low mortgage rates. Non-residential markets continue to perform well and we continue to expect slow and steady improvement in our core non-residential segment. Within major institutional verticals, we still expect modest growth in education and are seeing slight improvement in healthcare aftermarket with an increase in renovation and additions. In the commercial segment, office construction remained strong, driven by employment growth and reduced vacancy rates. The European markets have stabilized and we continue to see modest growth in our core geographies, which is reflected in the increase of our organic guidance. We are still recognizing the benefits of prior-year acquisitions and are leveraging a broader portfolio to accelerate growth. In the Asia-Pacific segment, we continue to make progress with a focus on mechanical and electrical hardware solutions in growth verticals; for example, multi-family in Australia and New Zealand and transportation in China. We are also tightening and raising the low end of EPS guidance, reflecting confidence in achieving the improved top-line outlook. However, we are anticipating some pressure on second half earnings due to the inflationary headwinds, second half weighted investments and a tax rate at the high end of prior guidance. I would also note that our guidance now reflects the inclusion of the Trelock acquisition for the second half of the year. Please go to slide 14. Let me finish by reiterating that I'm very pleased with our second quarter execution and results. As a summary, total revenue grew over 12%, organic revenue grew almost 9%, operating margin increased 200 basis points. EBITDA margins grew 260 basis points. EPS grew over 39%. These are strong numbers. We have increased our revenue growth expectations for the year and have tightened the range for our full-year EPS outlook. Before we take questions, I'd like to take a moment to share some news with regard to an organizational change at Allegion. Tom Martineau will be assuming the role of Vice President of Finance for the EMEA region. As you know, Tom has been in the Investor Relations role since the creation of Allegion. During this time, Tom has established the company's investor relations program and has served as a valuable voice of the shareholder community along with the leadership team. This is a great opportunity for Tom and I'm sure you all want to congratulate him on this exciting move. As we move forward, Mike Wagnes, Allegion's Vice President and Treasurer, will assume the additional responsibilities of Investor Relations. Mike has been with Allegion and Ingersoll Rand for 10 years and brings a wealth of financial experience that will position him well as the company's primary representative to the investment community. Congratulations to you both. The transition will occur over the month of August with formal transition by the end of August. Please continue to contact Tom during this time for any investor-related questions. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: So we see inflation on the rise. We think the market remains disciplined and we'll pass the higher costs through. Extremely pleased with the global supply chain's procurement organization that we created here at Allegion. It's driving some productivity in the first half and I think that's how you need to think about the inflation, price productivity take-off as you think about our 2016 results. Patrick has got some comments.
David D. Petratis: Joe, I would add to that, fully committed for double-digit profitability in Europe. I think the execution by the team there and the amount of restructuring that has gone on since we created Allegion is noteworthy. And overall, we're confident that we can deliver that.
David D. Petratis: I would also add, Andrew. We do have a system here at Allegion that helps us to anticipate the future with confidence. I also want the optionality in investments in our business to invest for the long term, and I think this is important as how we guide the company. I think we've been good stewards of that investment, and I don't want to put myself in a position where we can't make the investments in demand creation activities, the pursuit of electronics which we think are good for shareholders over the long haul.
David D. Petratis: We continue to be pleased with our execution in the renovation and retrofit segments of the market. We continue to learn and invest, and it had an impact on the quarter. With that, as we learn and expand there, we're creating new segments to go after within the channel. So it's an example where we're seeing good growth, but we're also investing in more people capacity to segment the markets and drive growth in the business.
David D. Petratis: I would say look at our growth on a full-year basis. We're mid-single digits there, about what we anticipated. I think if you look at the broader community of competitors, there is a price pressure on the opening price point. As I look at our business in the first half, we grew and improved profitability, and don't really want to get sucked into the opening price points of the market. And there is growth there. We just have chosen to play at a higher level.
David D. Petratis: I would add some to that. I think, if you look at our journey in Asia-Pacific, there's been a tremendous transformation in that business. They're focused. They've got the core capabilities of our European product portfolio, our North American product portfolio and are, I think, attacking segments that are helping us drive growth. There's been some smart capital allocation in acquisitions. And I think we've got a bright future as a small player in Asia-Pacific that will benefit us over the long haul.
David D. Petratis: I think it goes back to the mote that we describe around this business and that's the mechanical complexity that we deliver at Allegion in a market that's consolidating. I can look at some direct competitors that are not growing at the pace that we are. Allegion has made investments in our core mechanical as well as electronic. And I think it helps differentiate us versus some of the electronics that have lower barriers to entry. You mentioned that the video market has slowed. Clearly, that market is reaching maturity in some cases. But it's really the number of competitors that are out there. We like our position and we think the growth that we're driving because of the complexity in the investments will reward us.
David D. Petratis: I think too the acquisitions also complement. SimonsVoss, a great add, Milre (38:55), our own presence with Schlage, helps us to understand the important of dimensions for customers and technical evolution around firmware, software, miniaturization and battery life that are going to be important in this industry. You integrate that into our mechanical platform, I think it puts us in a nice position.
David D. Petratis: I think certainly within – it's achievable. It has some pressure, and it's really on the timing and shifting of tooling to lower cost manufacturing areas. So, it's a risk point, but our modeling would say achievable.
David D. Petratis: I want you to have – there's several hundred tools that we're moving, and this is not necessarily a casual activity I would say. So there is some headwinds in the timing, but we believe 10% is achievable. Patrick, can you get...
David D. Petratis: I think you need to target mid-teens. Assa, kaba+dorma (42:04) is who we benchmark to. I think it's also dependent on future acquisitions, but we've made ground up quickly and I think that mid-teens aspirations is achievable.
David D. Petratis: I would reinforce about our ability to be as efficient. I would add that Patrick's comments is the peak of the construction season. This business leverage is incredibly, don't want a lack of material or finished inventory to inhibit our ability to drive revenue. And there's clearly a shift in philosophy about that with Allegion. Have our product available at our wholesalers, in our warehouses, and continue to drive our industry-leading lead times, and it helps us to grow.
David D. Petratis: Overall, I'd guide you to look at our first half year-over-year. And what I'm pleased with that we're seeing growth in all of our business lines, closers, locks, exit devices, and I think it shows the strength of the market.
David D. Petratis: I think you need to think about this as mid-teens. Remember, we've had a lot of new product introduction over the last several quarters. Globally, this is forecasted to grow at high-single digits. So I think our mid-teens reflects our execution and how you ought to think about that.
David D. Petratis: Obviously, we'd like more. It's a function of availability, timing. We continue to work on the pipeline, the relationship building. And it's the nature of the beast. Sometimes these come in dumps and lumps. But the overall market, the relationship we're building, we feel good about. What's the level of revenue we'd like to add? I'd like to think $50 million to $200 million on an annualized basis would be a nice cadence. But I want to remind you we're going to be disciplined in the capital deployment and bolt on what's right for Allegion. So, that's how I'd describe it.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah, Joe. So, a couple of quick things. As you saw in the results, Q2 sequentially down a little bit and pricing up, still a pretty good traction in non-resi. The pressure there was more on the residential side. Nothing really out of the normal course of business, but some added costs associated with rebates, advertising, merchandising, credits, those type of things. We would anticipate the back half to improve relative to Q2. So, as Dave mentioned, still anticipate to kind of pass on to the extent we can pricing relative to the increase and inflation. But there is always a lag attached to that. And as it relates to inflation, as you know, I mean the commodity input costs are rising, particularly steel which is up, the last numbers I saw, like 60% relative to the beginning of the year in terms of spot rates. So, that's going to put a little pressure on our numbers in the back half of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So we're still marching forward to the double-digit expectations in terms of margin performance. I'd say there's a little bit more pressure there in terms of what we originally anticipated, given some of the inflationary headwinds we talked about. We've stepped up some of our investments in the business as well to better position us for growth going forward, particularly as we look at our long-range planning cycle in 2017 and beyond. So, that's going to have a little pressure as well. But if you look at the business in the quarter, good performance; EBIT margins up 250 basis points; EBITDA, 440 basis points. So we like the progress there. We're executing to our margin improvement plan. But maybe a little bit of delay, but collectively a good story. Particularly when you look at where we started the journey, you may recall 2013 was like a 1% EBIT margin. So, significant progress, continue to move forward, probably not as quick as we would like, but yet we're not capitulating on our 10% objective.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So I think you've got to look at it and break down the P&L in a couple of segments. We do, as we say, anticipate continued growth both organically as well as including the acquisitions. The continued growth in EBIT/EBITDA margin performance, and that's across all regions in the back half of the year, a little bit increased as it relates to corporate expenditures. But then when you go below the line, it's when the year-over-year comparabilities get very difficult. So you've got – you may recall, last year, other income was up on the sale of marketable securities. We had a lower tax rate last year because of some favorabilities from one-time items there that are non-recurring this year. And so it's the below-the-line items that are putting the comparisons difficult in the back half of the year. But continued growth, as you would anticipate, in each of the regions for the balance of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: So there's going to be operating leverage, not to the extent you saw in Q2, and for the reasons that you mentioned, higher back-end loaded investments. When we initially gave our guidance back at the beginning of the year, we're anticipating $0.10 to $0.15 of investment headwinds. We're a little bit north of that guidance now. Inflationary headwinds is also affecting the numbers a little bit. So, collectively, those items – or sequentially, you won't see the margin leverage that you saw in Q2.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So we had targeted this year kind of mid-single digits. You saw really good performance in the second quarter, a little bit north of that expectation. The business is somewhat seasonal, so you kind of see, particularly in Q4, stronger margins expectations than Q2. Going forward, as the business grows, it will continue to show some leverage. And we're targeting in the near-term horizon have a 10% margin opportunity is where we'd like to see the business go with kind of high-single digits to low-double-digit growth in that business.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So we've grown the overall portfolio in electronic products, as we indicated, up mid-teens for the quarter. That's commensurate kind of with a little bit higher than what we saw in Q1. It continues to be a larger part of our portfolio. It's at kind of the low-teens to mid-teens area as a total percentage of our portfolio.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Rich, I would just say it's not a question of do we get there. It's more of a timing issue. And as Dave indicated, with some of these moves from a production facility perspective, we'll probably delay the realization of that this year, be pushed into 2017. But the objective remains intact in terms of the end game. And again, collectively, looking at the region as a whole, still pretty good performance.
Patrick S. Shannon: Not looking at the region in total, okay? But if you look at the components within the European region, base business versus acquisitions that are accretive to the margins, yes.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So I think you've got to look at first half, second half. Q2 was abnormally high, given some of the catch-up relative to the ERP implementation, which we now have behind us. But you kind of look at the first half, mid-single digits. Second half, slightly lower than that. So your comment is correct. Predominantly because, last year, we had difficult – or we had really strong quarters, particularly in the residential business where we had some load-ins on new products. You may recall the launch of the Schlage Sense product, which was a big driver in Q4 in particular last year. So, that's kind of what we're looking at. Difficult comparisons. But the core business will continue to grow. Again, we're making really good traction on our initiatives in terms of some of the new product launches. The channel initiatives Dave talked about, the retrofit opportunity, we're getting good traction there. So it's more about more difficult comparisons in the back half of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So I won't get into the specifics in terms of bill of materials. But we had commented previously, raw commodity cost of roughly 10% of our material purchases, steel being probably 50% of that. So, that's the biggest commodity input. That's the biggest mover that we've seen recently. If you try to quantify it, it's probably putting on additional pressure $0.02 to $0.03 in the back half of the year. We managed that through supply lock contracts, but everything is not hedged. And so, the unhedged portion kind of flows through the business as we purchase those components. Additionally, obviously you've got from our supply base, they're buying the same inputs and so you've got pressure in terms of potential cost increases from our suppliers that also come into the equation. But we'll continue to manage it and offset it. As we said earlier, we have the mechanism to try to do that through pricing.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So we continue to focus on working capital. A couple of things worth noting here. The acquisitions, so the businesses we've acquired, predominantly being European based, have higher working capital needs and that's distorting the year-over-year comparatives. If you kind of back that out, we're at about 5% working capital as a percentage of revenue, about 50 days cash conversion cycle. So there is some of impact of the acquisitions which, hey, look, we'll continue to drive that and look for ways to become more efficient. Secondly, as it relates to some of these facility moves and the ERP implementation, you carry higher inventory and safety stock. So, as we make those transitions, effectively we'll burn more inventory. And so the numbers should come down. But longer-term basis, I would anticipate us to be able to operate effectively, efficiently at about a 5% working capital as a percentage of revenue.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. You may recall, Americas I think was essentially flat in Q1 and we anticipated kind of mid-single digits last quarter. Q2, we caught up predominantly on the shortfalls related to the ERP implementation and in the ops. So, great progress there. That's why you saw the really high organic growth. I'm not going to give you a specific number, but just to say, we've gotten all of that kind of behind us. You may recall, we had anticipated it would be a 50%/50% split Q2/Q3. So we're now at a normal run rate I think going forward. But it did impact kind of the organic growth, let's say, maybe 3 to 4 points.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Tim, I would just add. Continue to be selective, make sure it's aligned with our core business and strategies, things that we can leverage well to get a good return on capital. And hey, we're just as busy as we were last year. We're looking at a lot of potential properties at various stages, and it just depends. We're not going to overpay for anything. We're going to stick to our knitting and buy some good businesses.
Patrick S. Shannon: No changes at least in the near term. We've been very transparent with our financial policies with the rating agencies from day one, and nothing has changed from that, as you're aware, relative to our capital allocation strategy. So the upgrade came on basis of the strength in our franchise and prospects going forward, strong cash generation, good growth prospects, EBITDA consistency, margin profile. All those type of things I think factored in the upgrade. And I think it's a benefit for us kind of going forward and looking at financings, and hopefully, we can take advantage of. But no changes relative to our long-term debt to EBITDA, which we kind of had targeted 2.75 times and 3.25 times. And, hey, if we find a good opportunity, transaction in the horizon, it doesn't mean we can't go north of that. And we've communicated that with the rating agencies as well. They understand that. The beautiful thing about our business is we do de-lever very quickly, given the strong margin profile and the cash generation. So they're all aware of that and it came on the heels of that information.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, on the investment spending, we had incurred – there was about a $0.04 headwind in the first half of the year. We're looking at $0.12 in the back half of the year pretty much evenly split, Q3, Q4. So we're stepping up the investment spend. Some of that was planned for, but was delayed in the first half of the year. So, that's kind of how that's going to play out. And relative to the pricing, we would, as I mentioned earlier, this quarter experience some unfavorable pricing in the resi segment. Would expect that to abate a little bit in the back half of the year and that's where you get the improvement in pricing.
