David D. Petratis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Allegion posted another strong quarter of operational results and closed out a very strong year. I'm proud of the company we have built over our first two years and believe we have one of the safest and most engaged work force in the industry that drive the high level of execution and performance. Now onto the fourth quarter. Revenues of $545.4 million grew 4.8% on an organic basis led by strength in the Americas and European regions. Total revenue declined 4.9%, reflecting the impacts of divestitures and foreign currency. Adjusted operating income of $103.5 million decreased 2.9% versus the prior year, which again reflects recent divestitures. We realized solid leverage on incremental volume which improved overall operating margin by 40 basis points. The ability to deliver improved margins while absorbing incremental investments continues to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our business. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.89 increased 17% versus the prior year, driven primarily from improved operating performance, acquisitions and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by divestitures, incremental investments and foreign exchange impact. This is our sixth straight quarter of double-digit earnings per share growth. Please go to slide four. As we did last year, I'd like to step back and review our performance scorecard. We exceeded revenue expectations on a reported and organic basis. Markets performed as expected, and we achieved a high-level of contribution from our new product introductions and channel-led initiatives. We delivered an effective tax rate below 22% and exceeded our adjusted EPS goals. Before taking into account the realization of lower effective tax rate, we exceeded the high end of our original guidance by $0.07. Our results demonstrate the benefit of a balanced investment in the business, which also fell within guidance range. And although available cash flow as a percentage of earnings exceeded original guidance, I would comment that cash flow is shown on a reported basis. In 2015, this was somewhat distorted due to the one-time divestiture charges. As discussed last quarter, we expect to do a little better in absolute cash flow for the year, but we realized a reduction in collections associated with the Bocom Wincent business in Asia-Pacific, which has now been divesting. Please go to slide five. If we look beyond the financial scorecard, our 2015 accomplishments demonstrate our continued focus on our five growth pillars: core market expansion; innovation; opportunistic acquisitions; enterprise excellence; and growth in the emerging markets. Allegion remains committed to health and safety as a company, which was evident by the improvement of our safety metrics that were already some of the best in the industry. We made the necessary decisions on divestitures and leveraged acquisitions to strengthen our portfolio. We've managed our debt structure efficiently and made incremental investments to drive performance. Our growth in new products has been strong with a vitality index that has doubled from the prior year. The business is executing at an extremely high level. The decisions and performance in 2015 have positioned us well for 2016. Please go to slide six. When reflecting on the opportunities for long-term revenue growth, it's important to acknowledge the role Allegion's well-rounded brand portfolio will play, especially in terms of electromechanical convergence. Our investments in new products will provide growth not just for 2016, but for sustained growth in the future. In the residential market, those solutions include innovative products from our 2015 acquisitions in Schlage's leading and trusted home automation products. In the fourth quarter, Schlage launched the next generation of electronic access solutions, including the Schlage Sense for residential homes designed to work with Apple HomeKit as well as our Schlage Control Smart Locks for multifamily use that streamlines operations for building managers while giving residents convenient smart cards and phone credentials. In the commercial market, our historic pioneer brands like Von Duprin, CISA and Interflex are raising the bar in terms of innovative solutions for Allegion customers, and our acquisitions are also contributing as reflected by the SimonsVoss SmartIntego system, which recently earned the well-renowned German Design Award. These products are just a sampling of our leading electro-mechanical solutions, which will continue to build out innovation in existing and new categories. Patrick will now take you through the financial results, and I'll be back to update you on our 2016 guidance.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 15. We expect continued growth in our primary markets in 2016 but recognize that we are in a period of macroeconomic uncertainty and currency volatility. Our expectation is that the organic investments combined with our ability to execute will deliver better than market growth. In the Americas, our exposure to non-residential construction markets remain a positive. However, U.S. GDP levels are forecasted to remain below 3%, which I believe is a point that defines sustained growth. And if you were to review industry assessments for commercial markets today, you would find a wide variance in expectations. We remain positive yet cautious in this area. On the institutional markets, we continue to expect slow improvement, characterized by more balanced educational demand between K through 12 and higher education since Safe Schools Initiatives and the need for school security upgrade is evident when you review state legislative priorities. The outlook for healthcare remains more subdued in 2016 with flat to moderate increases. Overall, we anticipate low-to-mid-single-digit growth for the non-residential segment. The U.S. residential market will continue to increase mid single digits driven by both builder and big box segments. Single family home construction will continue its recovery, although we continue to expect variance in the segment driven by labor and land availability. The multifamily segment will continue to grow, but we expect a deceleration in the rate of growth as compared to the last two years. Consolidating the market outlooks, we project organic revenue growth in the Americas of 5% to 6% and reported revenue growth of 4% to 5% reflecting some currency pressure. For the European region, we anticipate low single-digit market growth overall. We expect continued growth in the German and UK markets and modest growth in Italy. We believe that recovery in France will continue to lag, and we expect further contraction in Eastern Europe. For the region, we project organic growth of 1% to 3%. When we combine the impact of acquisitions partially offset by currency, we project reported revenue growth of 25% to 27% for the year. The Asia-Pacific markets continue to show low-to-mid single digit growth in residential and non-residential segments. Our current portfolio reduces our risk to the slowing China economy and positions us well in Australia, New Zealand, and Korea. Organic growth in the region is estimated to be 5% to 7%, and total revenue is estimated to decline 16% to 18%, which reflects the system integration divestiture. All-in, we are projecting organic growth of 4% to 5%. Incorporating the net benefit of acquisitions that offset divestitures and currency headwinds, we expect total revenue to grow up to 7% to 8%. Please go to slide 16. Our 2016 adjusted earnings per share range is $3.25 to $3.40, an increase of 7% to 12%. The earnings increase is primarily driven by operational improvements and the net benefit of acquisitions and divestitures, partially offset by investments in the business, currency headwinds, interest and a higher effective tax rate assumed to be between 18% and 19% for the year. We are forecasting strong organic growth and margin expansion in all of our reporting regions. Incremental investments, which are forecasted to be lower in 2015, will be focused on new products and channel development to meet demands of the electro-mechanical conversion as well as driving solutions for the underserved repair and replacement markets. Our guidance assumes outstanding diluted shares of approximately 97 million, which reflects the company's goal to at least offset share dilution with buybacks. Restructuring and acquisition expenses are expected to be in the range of negative $0.05 to $0.10, resulting in a reported EPS range of $3.15 to $3.35. Please go to slide 17. We are very pleased with our 2015 results that delivered organic revenue growth over 5% and increased our operating margin by 50 basis points. The growth of both revenue margin while making investments in our business demonstrates the disciplined approach we set out two years ago. We've made tremendous progress improving our European profitability from slightly positive two years ago to an 8% rate today. It's truly a great accomplishment by the entire team to achieve these results so quickly. And we delivered on our effective tax rate commitments, sustaining below 20%. We continue to generate strong cash flow and are recognizing growth from our organic investments. We look forward to 2016 as an opportunity to build on our prior results. Although we expect continued market volatility and currency headwinds, we remain focused on our growth strategies to guide us through the challenging markets. We have a safe and strong team in place, committed to our vision to make the world safer and secure the places where people thrive. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: So I'll take the top line and pass it over to Patrick on some of the numbers. Our growth in Americas in 2016, we'll continue to leverage our electronic growth, which has been yielding nice returns. Second is we're moving into our second full year of channel development, and this is really going after the repair, replacement retrofit markets on the commercial side. And we presented that as really a five-year initiative, and we're gaining share with those initiatives and I think it should be reflected in the numbers.
David D. Petratis: Yeah. I would look at that business going forward. You saw in the full year negative margins. A lot of that or all of that is due to the Bocom business. That of course is going to be peeled away going forward, and the acquisitions we've done in the region in the Pacific Rim have been very accretive to the regional results. And so you're looking at a business there, call it a little over $100 million mid single-digit. (35:12) margins is kind of the expectation going forward. And we'll continue to chip away in the margins through productivity and those type of things. But anticipate to see good progress, particularly year-over-year, in that region of the world for 2016.
David D. Petratis: Yeah. So we highlighted the expectation without any large acquisitions because of the strong cash flow generation EBITDA growth and the mandatory principal reductions. We're going to delever fairly quickly. But we've always commented for the right transactions, again given the strong cash flow generation, wouldn't have a problem of going up to four times, maybe a little bit higher for the right transaction. And so I think we've got a lot of flexibility there, not only basis of the free cash flow generation, but the ability to add some incremental debt if we needed to.
David D. Petratis: No. I commented on this last quarter. I spent some time in Southern California and there's specific investments going in for schools. In particular, in rooms that have over five inhabitants, they've got to have visual locking capabilities, which is our CO-220, so that from across the room, you can determine whether it's secure or not. And I think the overall momentum in the market of state budgets, local budgets improve, their investments are going in. So we see activity, and I think it will continue to improve over the next 36 months.
David D. Petratis: I would also say with 10% pure commodity, steel breadth that type have been, we've got to go and work with suppliers to wring out that value. Again, if something that we have maybe didn't stress, but when we spun out two years ago, we didn't spin out with a rich procurement capability. We've built it, and it's going to give us some opportunities in this deflationary environment.
David D. Petratis: Yeah. China, keep in mind, small business, niche market that we compete in. There's plenty of opportunity, I think, to take share from other folks.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah, so, Tim, just to add from a revenue perspective in Americas, if you kind of look at the components in organic growth, we ended 2015 full year pricing of about 50-basis-points improvement; a little pressure from the residential segment, but getting pretty good traction on the commercial segment. I would expect this to show a little improvement there in 2016. From a volume perspective, again, really strong organic growth in 2015. There's a couple of quarters early in the year, easier comparisons, but volume is still anticipated to be fairly strong but down a little bit year-over-year. If you look at the margins for the full year, we showed a slight improvement, and I just remind you that was kind of weighted down a little bit because of the Venezuela divestiture. Extracting that, we had pretty good margin growth. We're on a path now; we've got pretty good visibility to productivity. We'll participate in a deflationary economy that we're seeing in commodities, and we'll continue to get good leverage on the incremental volumes. So I would anticipate the margin improvement to accelerate a little bit in 2016 basis of the incremental volume forecasted.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. I want to say in Americas specifically, for the full year, it was close to, let's see here, about 50 basis points impact.
Patrick S. Shannon: And just kind of thinking forward on that, because of the devaluation in 2015, that's going to have a minimal impact on the margin comparisons going forward for 2016 when you compare to 2015.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So a couple things, just as a reminder. Q4 historically from a seasonal perspective always operates at a much higher margin than the first three quarters of the year. So you're seeing a much higher than the 10% target that we had targeted in Q4. Having said that, if you kind of break out the components and you look at the base business, continued really excellent execution relative to our March toward the 10% target. I'd say we ended the year pretty much in line with our expectations. Moving some of the production out of our CISA facility this year will continue get us productivity benefits in 2016 and some carry forward in 2017 after that's completed. So we feel really good about the progress there. The acquisitions completed last year are accretive to the margins in the region. And so what you saw collectively, we ended pretty much for full year basis close to 8%, which is about 400 basis points improvement compared to full year 2014. You're looking at 2016 at a low kind of double-digit margin range. And I just remind you also that there is a big delta between EBIT and EBITDA margins in that region because of the acquisitions. EBITDA margins would be in the neighborhood of mid to high teens, which is a fairly significant and kind of in line with our peer group in the region.
Patrick S. Shannon: I would add that Bocom was a distraction for us in the region. A focused Asia-Pacific team, building on the acquisitions that we've made there, has got a bright future and look for us to continue to drive improvement with that portfolio.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah, I would look at it fairly evenly ratably throughout the course of the year. There is some flexibility, variability there. But specific to new products, which is more kind of engineering-related that kind of is people related cost and that would kind of be steady state. And then on the channel initiative, again as Dave indicated, getting really good traction on the repair of retrofit markets here in North America, and we're going to continue to ratchet that up to take advantage of that opportunity. So that might be a little bit more kind of backend loaded, but for modeling purposes, steady state.
Patrick S. Shannon: So you've got two questions there. On the investments, as we highlighted in the Investor Day last year in March, we did highlight we'd expect it to start tapering down a little bit. You're correct in that. We continue to analyze that through our annual operating plans, and we believe that from a capital allocation perspective, to the extent we can drive good organic growth that have really strong returns on invested capital, we're going to make those bets. And because of the traction we've seen relative to electronic products growth and the channel initiative here in North America, we're accelerating some of those things and that's why it's down year-over-year, but maybe not as down as what you'd anticipated. But I still think it's good return on capital. Relative to your incremental margin question, I think it's a pretty good way that you're looking at it; 50% is high. We've always kind of stated this 40% type of target, and we really delivered on that in 2015. The extra benefit we're getting in this deflationary economy specific to commodities is we'll start seeing that come into our numbers a little bit more than what we saw in 2015, just given the spot rate trades relative to the average rates in 2015.
Patrick S. Shannon: When I think about the NDE, it's not met our expectations in term of the rollout, and I would argue that we underinvested. I think the lessons learned here is we should have had a full complement of Mortise communication gateways ready to go with that product, and we're going to continue. But that's the lesson learned. That was rolling when we created the company, and I wish we would have invested more because the product has clearly got its capabilities. It will step up in growth in 2016. But that frontier of electronic locks in the commercial arena is really the mother lode of opportunity for the company.
Patrick S. Shannon: We'll make more expansion to that portfolio in 2016 and into 2017. Key is the Mortise offering. And the other thing is our channel, the locksmiths, the installers, not as fast to adopt as you see in the residential. So those are things that we're working on. We've got specific resources, focused resource after it and it's going to bear fruit.
Patrick S. Shannon: So I would observe if you line up some competitive landscape, we were certainly head to head with them, the world leader Assa, and outperformed the rest of the pack. Our growth initiatives, new products, channel development, we believe will continue to bear fruit and are going to continue to look to the Americas to lead that growth. As I reflect over to Europe, we see recovery in Europe, but the Northern European markets continue to perform better and we improved our position in 2015 with the acquisitions AXA, SimonsVoss. So more work to be done there. Some pretty fundamental things going on in Europe that'll help us in the future. Number one, we're profitable. Number two, developing better capabilities around specific segments of the business matched with specification capabilities. It'll help us, but it's all not going to come in a year. It's continuing on the plan that we have with investments and people and products and acquisitions that will get us where we want to be long term in Europe.
Patrick S. Shannon: It's no surprise among all the big box, they see the deflation of commodities and they're going after it, so the competitive's there. There's still a lot of opening price point on the new construction side. Again, we have pushed style and design and electronics, and that's helping us to expand margins. We tend to perform stronger on the replacement side of the house in residential construction, and we think that will continue to be good for us, especially with Schlage's sense like touch. Those would be my thoughts.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So what I mentioned earlier, pretty good leverage on the incremental volume would be reflected there. Pricing, call it, and it varies by region, but in aggregate, 50 basis points to 75 basis points improvement and that would be reflective in our organic growth assumptions. We've got some improvement baked in relative to the deflationary situation on commodities. I mean, those would be the three primary drivers of why you're seeing high leverage on the incremental volume. And then of course, the continuous improvement in the European margins is also helping that as well.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So I don't know how you define significant. It's certainly much higher than what we realized in 2015. Keep in mind, we talked about this I think on the last call. But our commodity spend relative to our total purchases, call it around 10%. So it's not a big portion for us. And secondly, we kind of have a supplier lock agreements that are kind of hedged over a period of 12 months. So we don't see the immediate benefit. When spot rates go down significantly, we don't see that effect immediately into our result. It kind of bleeds in over a period of 12 months, and so we've got a program there and we stick to the program. So we don't bet on the markets.
Patrick S. Shannon: China clearly is slowing but it's a $100 million business, especially in China, our opportunities are really to get our products out there and focus. We like the acquisitions, Brio, Milre. These are new offerings that help us to grow in these regions.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Big components would be, we talked about CapEx being up roughly $10 million year-over-year. D&A (51:54) would be higher than that. Working capital would be up just given the growth in the business. We still expect to kind of maintain this 5% of revenue metric within that range, but working capital being a use of cash. The other thing to keep in mind, we've historically targeted 100% of earnings. If you run the math, you wouldn't be seeing that for 2016. The primary purpose or reason for that is because in 2015, we recorded some restructuring costs associated with the CISA manufacturing relocation, and those cash expenditures haven't yet happened. That will occur in 2016, and so that's putting a drag on that ratio. But even with that, it's still pretty good cash flow conversion and we'll put it to use in the best way possible.
Patrick S. Shannon: No. No. Again, a little pressure on 2016, but we believe it's sustainable to maintain 100% for a lot of the factors we've talked about: CapEx being lower than DNA; cash tax being equal to or lower than the book provision; and offsetting kind of the working capital increase basis on the growth of the business. So I think we can kind of maintain that going forward. That's the target.
Patrick S. Shannon: So FX headwind to the basis of current rates today could be as high as 1% would kind of be the high point of that.
Patrick S. Shannon: Our exposures are predominantly related to euro and Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar. And corporate expenditures, we ended the year in line kind of with our original guidance, and you would expect that because of some investments in the IT infrastructure, ERP programs, that's going to be up. We'll call it $60 million for the year, in that type of neighborhood.
Robert Barry: So just a bucket in the guide for operational improvements is pretty big bucket. I was wondering if you could maybe parse out a little more of what's happening in there in particular around the assumptions for price and price cost.
Robert Barry: I mean, is that deflationary piece relative to price kind of a significant component? Because I think just looking at the headlines on the commodities, there's been pretty substantial declines.
Robert Barry: Got you. So those are all drags. I mean, the working capital going up, the CapEx going up. So the increase is really just kind of the core of the EBITDA.
