Dave Petratis: Thanks, Patrick. Please go to Slide 12. If we turn our attention to end markets in the Americas, we see a shift in growth between residential and non-residential markets as compared to our prior guidance. The non-residential markets will continue to recover at a slower pace. Availability and cost of labor continues to be a challenge and any weather-related carryover from the prior quarter appears to have been modest. We now forecast non-residential 2014 growth in the low-single digits, mostly driven by the commercial segments of the market. We expect the institutional market to be flat to negative low-single digits for the year. When we look at the ABI Index, a long-term indicator for Allegion, we know the institutional sector for ABI has been recovering at a much slower pace than the commercial sectors. June marked the first time the institutional index has reach positive territory since August 2013. We see the growth in traditional commercial segments such as retail, office and hospitality as opportunities to redirect efforts to drive more share of discretionary business coming through those channels. This remains a critical component in our ability to expand in our core markets. The residential multi-family segment continued its strong pace of growth driven by affordability, mobility and uncertainty of the job market. Although we are still below normal levels, the single-family residential markets continue to show solid improvement, driven by continued recovery in single-family construction. As housing prices continued to increase and inventories reduced, we see increases in renovation activity, which will drive demand in our retail channels. With our residential product portfolio of new innovative products, we are well-positioned to support stronger residential renovation activity. Our outlook for European 2014 growth remains subdued and we continue to forecast at Allegion served markets to be flat. For instance in the construction markets, two of Allegion larger mechanical markets are forecast to be slightly negative for the year. The ongoing recovery in this market will proceed at a very slow rate and we still view recovery to normal levels to occur after 2015. We expect mid-single digit growth in the Asia-Pacific region, driven by growth in China. Of note, we're seeing pressure in China, in the Residential segment, with increased inventory and reduced home values, while non-residential construction growth remained strong. We also see annual growth in the System Integration segment as safe city investments in China continued the shift from first tier to second and third tier cities. Please go to Slide 13. Our full-year adjusted year-over-year revenue forecast remains up 3.5% to 4.5%. We continue to expect the Americas revenues to be up 3.5% to 5% in aggregate although the mix of the revenues had shifted when compared to previous guidance. Essentially strong residential volumes are compensating for lower than expected institutional volumes. We see the EMEIA region as essentially flat and Asia-Pacific region to be up 8% to 10% with a strong second half. Please go to Slide 14. We are raising the mid-point of our 2014 EPS guidance. Adjusted earnings per share are now forecasted to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.40, an increase of 6% to 11% from 2013 adjusted earnings per share. We continue to anticipate earnings growth will accelerate in the second half of this year due to higher volumes, 2014 European actions and a wider spread in the effective tax rate. Restructuring and spin costs are still expected to be $0.25 to $0.30 of impact during the year, resulting in a reported EPS range of $2.00 to $2.15. The effective tax rate assumptions in the guidance is approximately 30% and outstanding diluted shares are approximately 97 million. Finally, the guidance does not reflect the potential risk of the devaluation of the Venezuela Bolivar. For more information on this topic, please refer to our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the period ended June 30, 2014. Please go to Slide 15. To summarize, we are pleased with the results in the quarter given the soft institutional and Southern European market environments. The American Residential segment continues to perform well and we are taking the pricing actions in Venezuela to compensate for inflation. We have a solid backlog of system integration projects in China, and expect to see stronger second half within that business. As evident in the quarter, we continued to make significant progress on our European profitability actions. Our 2014 priorities are clear. We continue to execute on our operating strategies to assist us in the company for accelerated growth, drive a balanced capital location plan and complete spin-related activities quickly and efficiently. Now, Patrick and I would be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: I would just add in that Residential segment, the ResPro, which is new construction in our residential activity is very price-competitive, especially in today's market. As we can take e-locks on the residential side, in the retrofit market and move that up, we are going to do better. The second thing that's improving our margins, remember, a year-and-a-half ago, we moved production capability from IR [Fu Hsing] a joint venture to our Baja facilities that team is doing an excellent job of leaning out that capability and it's having a positive effect on our margins.
Dave Petratis: We continue to challenge our manufacturing footprint globally. We certainly hypothesize around what the opportunities are in Europe. We pruning what we did in U.K. was the nice first step. It's always a challenge to restructure in Europe. We think there are opportunities there, but we are also mindful, we need to be close to our end customer, so we are working those alternatives in mind that, how we properly position the business to be successful.
Dave Petratis: More related to mix, a couple things we are able to do there from a strategy perspective to have an impact on that. You know, this is an area that obviously continues to heightened focus. It is a strategic asset of the business and we want to continue to leverage this. We have engaged external advisors to help us in this area. The more we look into this, I think, the more we like in terms of potential opportunity. There is a lot of work to be done, so right now our guidance hasn't changed in terms of our tax rate and what we anticipate to reduce it to kind of the mid-20s by 2016.
Dave Petratis: Yes. Absolutely. We are still forecasting and projecting full-year margins to be up year-over-year, so consequently the second half margins would be a stronger to mitigate for the first half shortfall there and that's primarily a couple of things. We are looking at strong growth, a better mix in the commercial markets. We are anticipating improved pricing. We have some price increases that went into effect and we are starting to see that come through in our order book and getting good leverage on the incremental volumes as well as you may remember fourth quarter last year had a little noise in it, so the comparisons get a little bit easier in Q4 and that will help us as well for the full-year margin comparisons.
Dave Petratis: I believe we are done. I think it's now continuing to optimize the structure and really working the channel relationships, driving more specification capabilities in front-end of the business. We have lost some of that capability over last five years and that's how you win. We are looking at our opportunities with Interflex. That's been a good engine for us and you think in the bigger world of connected security, the Internet of things, we think there is good opportunity there, so I would say we are done at least for now.
Dave Petratis: Yes. Jeff, it's primarily related to our system integration business there, which as you know has long tails to the contracts and no payouts from customers accordingly. You know, unfortunately, we had a change in some of the payment history from a couple of primary customers. I would say, this is not a systemic problem. We did a comprehensive review of both, our receivable portfolio as well as the unbilled receivables and reserve there what you see was kind of a fallout of that comprehensive review. You never want to have these things, but I think we addressed it properly and hopefully we have got it behind us now.
Dave Petratis: I would say generally disappointed in the opening price point brands. I think that's reflective the replacement market, the retrofit market. There is part of a channel that we are not as well positioned in. Jeff Kessler asked the question about the [true stock]. I can name several industries where the actual true stock business carries a higher margin. Our challenge is to position ourselves in the channel to enjoy a bigger part of that space.
Dave Petratis: You may remember from Analyst Day, we gave an overview. These are typically seven-figure projects, our backlog of those projects are up 20%. This would be providing higher definition cameras in the Pudong airport. These are safe city projects, where we are pulling together systems, a video, car counting, vehicle recognition. If you look at the Bocom business over the last five years, it tends to be second half-loaded, so normal from our perspective. We think our ability to execute on that is right. We are trying to drive more of our operational excellence initiatives to make sure we apply the same techniques on this more service-oriented capability as we do in our manufacturing capabilities, so we feel good about our ability to bring that moment in second half.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. It's coming primarily from improved focus on both receivable and inventory turnover. I think, we have talked about historically, if you looked at the businesses from a regional perspective, Americas has been in pretty good shape. The opportunity was really in the European area. The other team has done a nice job in reducing our inventory there. Continued vigilance and receivable management and just really seeing good progress across the board.
Patrick Shannon: Well, you know, if you kind a look at it over the last four quarters, we have continuously made good progress in that area both, in terms of working capital as a percentage of revenue as well as our cash conversion cycle. I think there were some additional opportunities here, but at some point you know it becomes limited in terms of the step improvement, but we will continue to remain focused on it to drive improvement. If you benchmark the business, it shows up extremely well. It will be a high priority for us as we run Allegion.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. The majority was Venezuela price-related. It's a high inflation economy as you know and team has done a really good job to offset the inflation there both, in terms of material as well as salaries and those [narrow] both, in terms of material as well as salaries and those types of things there. I would say about 80% is relative to Venezuela. The majority in both, our residential and the rest of it in our residential, commercial, area, so we are getting some pricing improvement. You may recall last quarter we instituted the price increase effective at the beginning of April. It took some time to kind of work out the backlog, but we are starting to see some incremental price now going into the Q3.
Patrick Shannon: I wouldn't say it's abnormal. It's always a competitive market, but we are getting, I think, our share of price here.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Right now, when we looked at that, I think patience is prudent you know there's a lot of potential movement there in the currency, but the triggering event obviously would be a change in the official exchange rate. We would be forced to that point in time to adapt to the new rate, but if our intent or our business strategy changes to the extent we need to go out and exchange local currency to U.S. dollars that would be a triggering event. We talked about previously that if you look at that business it is fairly well self-contained i.e. it sources the product manufacturers distributes in-country. We don't really have a need or nor do we have a desire today to exchange local currency to dollars, so that's why we are sitting on the fence now and we will wait and see you know how this shakes out. I think, we'll all agree at some point there is going to be a devaluation here. This is the question of when is kind of my perspective on that.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Jeff, so, you know, we don't really look at it in terms of specific mix within the vertical markets. You know what we are looking at, obviously, is how the total commercial business is performing. You know relative to residential, I mean, there was a mix change there as the residential volumes were higher proportionate to commercial, but the good news story there is the residential margins are improving. We are getting good throughput in the factory, good productivity there, so that's helping mitigate the mix change.
Patrick Shannon: We have made the big moves with our pruning. You see that in terms of the exit of our U.K. Door businesses. The second step was our internal structural cost. We have tried to move our resources much closer to our markets. The third is really getting enemies five or six markets that I see are strong in our mechanical businesses, in raising the performance and face time of our spec-writers and working with our channel partners to get more of our share in a flat market. The other side of this is the Interflex business, which we were in the search to appoint an entrepreneurial leader there. That business is performing well and understanding the growth opportunities we have got within that space, so that's how I would kind of frame it. I was really pleased with the actions that we have taken to get it to this point. I thought the improvement in margins year-over-year for the quarter were outstanding and we are going to continue to work that to reach the aspirations that we see.
Patrick Shannon: We believe the technology is applicable. I think it's one of the challenges of the new Allegion to think about how we can leverage our technology globally. We are looking at that capability in Europe as well as Asia to be able extend it and we think we have got good opportunities to go there, but work to be done.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so I would say that, if you looked at the revenue, the top-line, the majority of the volume growth was residential related continue to see strong end market growth there, so that was the primary driver, just the mix. The residential margins as you know are lower than the commercial, revenue margins, so that was the driver there. In terms of electronic locks, it's a good trend for us. We are the category leader in residential electronic locks. We saw good growth there plus-20%. If you think about the margin perspective, I would say equal to maybe slightly better than mechanical traditional locks, but with a much higher price point, so not only are we getting higher margin, but were getting incremental ally dollars as well, because of the higher price point, so that's a good mix shift for us and we see that given our leading position, technology, connectivity we see that growing in the future.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Sure. This year, our CapEx plan is to be around $40 million for the year, so the first half is a little bit higher. That was really done purposely. We had some systems related expenditure to get off of our transitional services agreements, particular [HRMS] systems, so we had anticipated to be front-end loaded, but we are planning on $40 million for the year. As we look into next year, I would anticipate the CapEx to kind of stay around that level close to 2% of revenue.
