DavePetratis: I would say we do not expect a mix down. I think our key growth has been stronger in the residential and I think last mile delivery, the growth of e-commerce, people's connectivity that trend will continue. We've got one of the best locks on the market with our encode lock, the favorability ratings I looked this morning 37,000 comments on Amazon at about a 4.8, so feel extremely good about that. I think the weakness in the quarter really driven by the overall lockdowns but in terms of integrators ability to enter college campuses, none of us wanted people coming on site and that work to see, so we like the long-term trends and I believe it's a key factor going forward. I think two, when you think about some of the capabilities that we're putting together, the ability to seamlessly travel without touch whether there's the wave at hand, your edge device, these things will continue to be drivers. Add things like our investment in the need to be able to understand how many people are in a room, in an area, in a building; these are things that will continue to expand as we go forward.
DavePetratis: So, first, I'd go to the backlogs, we've got effectively record backlogs between commercial institutional and res, the res demand extremely strong as we look at point of sale. If you look May, June and July the 12% increase in dollars, 7% in units really like that trend this morning's Wall Street Journal about strength in housing I think the other thing as you think about our res performance especially in the first half, there was a mandate in the country of Mexico to shutdown that's about 25% of our workforce and a big supplier of our res supply chain. We deleted inventories in a situation where demand was accelerating that point of sale that I referred to. Record backlogs in residential I think we've got a great set of product capabilities and I think our supply chain is stronger than the people that we're competing against. So I like our opportunities as we go through the next -- the second half and early in the next year.
DavePetratis: So I think when you think about the institution of commercial verticals, everybody caution, right. I think clearly there's shifts going on there I think we saw the ABI come out it, doesn't drive optimism I think as I look at Allegion healthy backlogs, our commercial institutional backlogs as we exited June high but I think the other thing that we look at specs written, we saw some disruption and spec writing and demand from architectural firms that's to be expected. I think we'll have a better call on specs written which is an early demand level as we exit Q3. If I looked at spec written today it's improved every week as we've gone through the crisis, but this is more of a long-term trend but as I would look at educational, healthcare, total commercial we anticipate softer markets. We will put our foot on to drive seamless access and we believe we can outperform in a weaker position because of our installed base. The strength of our spec writing and the capability of the Allegion.
DavePetratis: I'd just add a little color as well. I think we got after this early even before Covid-19 you could see that in our in-flight restructuring plans and I think it's important that we continue to accelerate investments around electronics and seamless access, while transforming the company into a leaner structure.
DavePetratis: Absolutely. As you can feel the pulse of the economy coming back and I put cautions around that because in some cases they've gone too fast, but we feel it I think if you're in the wholesale retail channel on shelf inventories are down and we're seeing that in terms of specs quotes, point of sale and our own shipment.
DavePetratis: So we deep dive this in terms of the performance second quarter, there was a decree from Mexico that mandated a 30-day shutdown. We were open well ahead of that and it was our ability to point out that we were essential, but more importantly our ability to keep our people safe. If you dig into it the governor of the Baja highlighted Allegion in a press conference in our safe practices and the confidence that we could do that, so that was important. I think if you look at the whole region we got restarted quicker. Second, the government mandated that anybody over the age of 55 immune compromised, pregnant could not work for us that was about 300 to 400 employees. We had this and some of our most experienced, we have reloaded on that and are producing at a higher -- we're producing out of the Baja today at the highest level since I've been at Allegion or we created the company. So if you think about that we've got 42 discrete manufacturing lines in Enemata if you have ever visited, there the ability to bring on that number of employees, pull that lever and replenish the supply chain is, and I think, few companies in the world could do it. So extremely proud the team, our ability to reinvent. I think a second thing that important here, you don't see the point of sale data but our teams did an extremely good job to drive our -- se our inventory to keep customers and products, as well as other partners in the supply chain. When you think about a situation where you're trying to maximize inventory, we reached out into our partners supply chains to be able to optimize that. Again, I thought they did a better job of it. And I believe the last point your question, we will be well into the first quarter of next year getting the supply chain in terms of finished inventories normalized with the increasing demand.
DavePetratis: I'm always confident on price. I would say the market is discipline. Our first cautionary is always steel. We purchase a lot of steel more and then I think brass, but we're continue -- we'll continue to be aggressive on price realization, try to offset the effects of inflation, but I'm net positive and I'm that way every day. Patrick will bring some realization to it.
DavePetratis: I would say the stoppage in New York, the Northeast, you have some pretty strong governor mandates and decrees especially Boston, no public construction. We do very well in those big metro markets and so we're seeing that recovery as North East gets better. Again, you look to California, the construction and Allegion was able to operate during the first shutdown. We'll see how it drives if as they move, I guess, towards a second shutdown. I think you really dig in the data the COVID, Andrew, you're seeing growing pockets in construction workers of infection and how government will mandate around it. We've got to keep an eye on it, but construction has been considered essential in most areas of the country. And I think it will continue.
DavePetratis: So I absolutely believe it, the number of enquiries on our antimicrobial products would be a clear example, but Andrew, I really believe that your edge device is how we'll navigate through society. The long-term trend I think positive. We've got the ability exist today to be able to through your edge device monitor your temperature as you approach the door, if you're out of it accepted range, are you going to get a temperature check, do we allow access. Those are things that are going to continue to develop as a result of Covid-19 and trying to keep people healthy.
DavePetratis: I'd also say we look at a variety of indicators on non-resi bookings, frame sales, hardware quotes, specs written, wholesale sell-through, every week as we exited April got better. You could see things coming back through.
DavePetratis: We'll certainly be watching the stress movements on a set of selected assets that we always keep an eye on. I don't expect a lot of change in those things that we would aspire to; the jewels that could help redefine Allegion. I don't expect that to change, but look for us to increase our activity around tools that will help us expand seamless access, both internally and externally.
DavePetratis: I'd say in terms of the backlog in commercial, institutional. I'd say you look at that with a six month lens but there are a couple filters. What we have in the actual backlog then you start looking at quote specs, job awards like let's just take a -- if we look at the city of Washington DC, job awards that could go out 18-24 months do we have the contractor, the architect, the wholesaler? There are things that go beyond just our book of business and generally we're going to get more than our fair share there. So I think good indicators but then you got to go to the broader macro. So I feel pretty good sitting here. I feel very good on 2020, it's as you look at I put those caution lines. Second question on the discretionary. I would -- I believe in terms of break fix, the discretionary side of the market especially the day that money gets spent especially with rising crime rates. I live in the downtown areas of Indianapolis; you're going to get your doors locked. And I think you also got to think about shutdowns. Our place is secure, so the discretionary break part of this market tends to roll it up and down economies and generally if you've got LCN, VON Duprin, interflex installed you're going like-for-like.
DavePetratis: We see -- let me say this. We've got our electronics, our Simons Voss and VON Duprin and interflex, that are mechanical business in Europe, the electronic business has performed well during the COVID-19 in lockdowns and it's -- you got to look at that as a key strength maybe better geographical position, but it's that continued trend of electronic conversion, software capabilities that is leading the way there. So we like that. We're going to continue to invest in that and we were driving some restructuring before COVID-19 was either mentioned. The world has got a challenge in terms of overall GDP, but we -- the dark regions, the Nordic regions are going to be a bit better than the southern and the electronic trends, we think will continue to operate nicely anywhere we're at in the world.
DavePetratis: So I look back --I look backward to try and understand what our strength is. I think in the 18 or last 22 quarters, we have grown double digits in electronics, so we like that trend. Two is I think it's all about your edge device and that is the tool that will allow the free flow of people. I think the problems to be solved are outstanding. Remember, we were the first company in the world, hey, open the door. Our relationships with Apple are outstanding. And I think these technologies are going to continue to drive and shape the marketplace and I like the position of Allegion.
DavePetratis: Great question, not easy answers. I went back and looked at contraction in the architectural indexes and these tend to snap back quickly. Now is this the pandemic will follow that? I think it's a function of how long the pandemic drags on, the real damage that's been done to institutional budgets, but as we move in to the construction season there is naturally an improvement and spring could be given us life here, but I think we'll have a better view of that 90 -days.
DavePetratis: Inventory and the residential channel have been depleted. I'm looking for some numbers here but think about it 16 days of no replenishment, we tend to try and optimize those inventories so the shelves aren't bare, we're in a replenishment cycle, but it will take well in the first quarter at the significant demand levels to get that back to normal. If there's any weakness in competitive supply chain, and if you think about some of our competitors the supply chains get pretty complex, we could have more opportunity and could take longer. We'll take on that challenge. In terms of the non-res commercial institutional supply chains, those are responding back quickly, I think, some of the leverage that we had was we built backlog and some of our institutional products. We're able to fill that but that's normalizing much quicker.
DavePetratis: So I'd be maybe a little bit more aggressive in that. I believe Allegion has a better supply chain than our competitor. And I believe that is going to allow us to take some advantages here in the marketplace. And you think about that. These products come from South East Asia, the complexity can get pretty hard, where our tends to be is more North American centric even though we had to take a pause to keep our people healthy. I think I've got a better supply chain. I'd say second, the point-of-sale orders are reflecting that we're creating opportunities. Our electronics are some of the highest regarded and highest quality in the marketplace. And then some of the builder activity that part of the market is growing today in The Wall Street Journal. And if you've got a question, are my suppliers going to be able to support me as that market expands, if you're any of the big builders who you're going to look to. And I like our opportunities to have the discussions when you've got to depend on products coming halfway around the world to support your home building effort in an environment of uncertainty this pandemic. I like our opportunities.
DavePetratis: Amazing as I work from home, the amount of activity in the do-it-yourself centers then think about more frequent deliveries of point-of- sale. And then people just investing back in your home, Schlage is the number one replacement brand. It's a nice spot of the market. So I like our opportunity.
PatrickShannon: So as we indicated in our full year guide, we're looking at some incremental investments although it's lower than what we'd originally anticipated, but nonetheless higher than last year. And that's predominantly around this whole movement in electronics and trying to drive that market for faster adoption. Some specific initiatives around the IoT platform and those types of things that will help us, in particular as we begin to kind of come out of this pandemic. So feel good about those investments and the ability to be able to drive incremental revenue and as we've indicated historically those investments have enabled us to drive revenue faster than the overall market. And I think we get good return on those in terms of invested capital. So going forward will kind of continue to monitor the markets and the needs in our business, and we'll continue to invest for the long-term future in our business. As it relates to the tax rate, we are anticipating a lower rate again than what was originally provided at the beginning of the year. Some of that is due to some favorable items that kind of came through FIN48 reserves those type of things. Some of it is quite frankly we've been able to implement some new tax planning strategies that will take effect and feel good about the work that the team is implemented there. As we go forward beyond 2020, we had historically given some guidance that the tax rate would migrate upwards to kind of like the high teens area, more guidance to come when we come out with the 2021 information, but I feel fairly confident it will be better than that maybe mid-teens type of thing at least in the near term and that's all because of where we find ourselves today and some of the great tax planning strategy work that's been going on.
PatrickShannon: Yes. sure. So good question. Let me try to provide a framework around that. First of all, we've identified and we are executing on a plan of about $80 million of cost reduction year-over-year reduction. And I would bucket that into three categories. The first of which would be the structural, more fixed cost predominantly headcount reduction that for this year is about 30% of the $80 million. Then you've got another bucket what I call the discretionary type of expenditures i.e. T&E, contractor spent, consulting those type of things, the things that you control in a down market, that's another probably 30% of the $80 million for this year and then the variable type of items, the things that are compensation related that a large portion of which will probably boomerang back next year is the balance of the $80 million or 40% of the total that I think the key point here is that offsetting the variable stuff i.e. the things that are expected to come back next year. We do have and we'll have carryforward benefit associated with some of the permanent cost reductions that will carry into next year. We won't be in a full year run rate level on some of those identified costs until Q4. So we have that as Dave mentioned in a script we will continue to work on further cost reductions to help mitigate that as well. So TBD onfurther actions that will be identified for the second half of the year.
PatrickShannon: Yes, majority volume related but as we kind of saw in Q1 pricing relative to non-res better than the residential performance. We will continue to push that dynamic to the extent we can and so far here year-to-date have been fairly successful in getting solid price realization in the non-residential segment.
PatrickShannon: Well, Joe, you're right. I mean the commodity prices have continued rise here over the last 90 days or so. I'd say for the balance of the year is you kind of look at the margin profile, think about sequential improvement as we progress throughout the course of the year, just through more efficiency and some of the cost measures we're taking will help us navigate for the balance of the year. Next year, another question will kind of monitor and see how progresses during the course of this year, but as Dave mentioned we will continue to push price to the extent we can and if we're unable to offset the inflationary impact will drive productivity, we'll make the appropriate investments to do whatever we can to mitigate the inflationary impact.
PatrickShannon: Yes, Tim, I would say again during the course of the quarter sequential improvement is a quarter progressed, June much stronger than May, May stronger than April, feel pretty good relative to the visibility and the strengths relative to the backlog and the order intake. Resi, as Dave indicated POS really strong demand improving significantly on non-resi, I'd say it's more stabilized kind of going into Q2 and exiting out of Q2 now much better and so relative commensurate was kind of the guidance we gave that's kind of how we're seeing things right now, maybe a little conservatism there but okay.
PatrickShannon: I would characterize it this way, Julian, as we look at the residential business and you kind of look at all the factors you mentioned. Clearly, the second half sequential improvement as we progress throughout the year. Growth is year-over-year will be dependent upon our ability to get the labor in place to produce the product and get it through the channel to the end customer. And so a little bit constrained there from a capacity perspective is kind of going to be the driver whether we can show year-over-year growth, but nonetheless we'll kind of continue to drive that like the overall trend in electronics that's going to rebound as well to provide some additional growth as well.
