David Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide #14. As you can see on the slide, and was mentioned earlier we are affirming our revenue outlook for the total company. The consolidated outlook for total and organic revenue remains at a range of 4.5% to 5.5%, although we’re adjusting within the regions. In the Americas, we continue to see positive fundamentals in our nonresidential verticals led by institutional markets, which we believe, will continue to remain solid for the near-term future. In residential, we saw Q3 rebound from the sluggishness we experienced during the first half of the year. In addition, we expect the general positive trend for electronic products to continue for the foreseeable future, and believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this long-term trend. Therefore, we are slightly increasing the revenue outlook for Americas. For the EMEIA region, we expect continued currency pressures for the remainder of the year and have taken down our outlook for total revenue. However, organic revenue remains unchanged. In Asia-Pacific, we expect the softness in the Australian markets to continue, particularly around residential end markets. We also expect unfavorable currency impacts to continue. As such, we are lowering the outlook for both reported and organic growth in the region. We are also updating the earnings per share outlook, raising the low-end of both our reported and adjusted EPS ranges. Our reported EPS outlook is now at a range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share, with adjusted EPS at a range of $4.85 to $4.90. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 8% to 9%. As Patrick stated, we are affirming our cash flow outlook range of $410 million to $430 million. The outlook updates the expected investment spend to a range of $0.11 to $0.13 per share. The full year adjusted effective tax rate is being updated to approximately 15.5% with a favorability experienced in Q3 mostly offset in Q4. We are updating our outlook for outstanding diluted shares for the full year to approximately $94.3 million, reflecting the buyback activity completed so far this year, and including expected share repurchases for Q4. Please go to Slide 15. As a brief summary of Allegion’s Q3 performance total revenue grew 5.2%, organic revenue grew 6.4%, adjusted operating margins were up 220 basis points, adjusted EPS was up nearly 20%. In Q3, we delivered our highest quarterly revenue, operating margins and earnings per share. Allegion has an operating system of operations that continue to strengthen the foundational elements of both safety and innovation. The system combined with strong brands and channel relationships has been a hallmark of our performance since spin and certainly helped us deliver the third quarter results. Thank you to every member of the Allegion team. Your commitment to excellence strengthens our future. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David Petratis: So, I would characterize Q3 extremely strong growth, as indicated 7% organic growth. Really good performance, both in the non-res and residential segments. No real pull-forward of activity. I would say, business improved a little bit kind of as we progressed throughout the quarter, which was good to see. But just as a reminder, we did increase our full-year guide on organic revenue growth, given the Q3 performance. And so, that’s baked in there. Our year-to-date organic growth, Americas is at 6%, and our full-year guidance is kind of within that range. And so, still expect a good Q4 going forward and we’ll finish the year strong relative to top-line performance.
David Petratis: So we are solid, positive, upbeat on the economy. As I look at the positive factors, consumer confidence, low unemployment, state and local tax revenues which are a key for our business, low interest rates and tightness in the housing market. I don’t know why you could not be positive about the view going forward. I was looking at future activity for bond issues. In the State of Texas there is 84 bond issues on the ballot. I just see a trend and need in the economy for investments on both residential and non-residential and feel positive about the outlook.
David Petratis: I think if you compare our first-half residential performance, which I believe was plus 4, was respectable in a soft patch in the market. We also had some self-help there or correction that we were doing in the channel. The market improved in Q3, that’s reflective. I think the best opportunities going forward in res will be multifamily, that continues strong. I think single family, which is important to us is going to continue to plot along. It’s not getting significantly better. You add electronics on top of that with some of our leading products, our high star ratings, our connectivity and the first WiFi embedded lock. I think it sets us up for continued solid performance in that segment.
David Petratis: Yeah. Well, let me first maybe comment on a little bit more specifics on Q3 operating margin performance. So as indicated, really strong across the board. All regions showing fairly significant margin improvement. We did benefit, if you kind of look at the price, productivity, inflation dynamic, extremely favorable. Inflation, you may recall last year was at a peak in Q3. And so, the comparisons were easier, if you will, and that gap was extremely favorable in the reported results in Q3 this year. We won’t see that favorability as much reflected in Q4. And therefore, the margin profile expansion won’t be as strong in Q3. However, I would say, just given the anticipated continued strength in the overall markets, revenue growth, et cetera, we will have good operating margin improvement year-over-year with margins continuing to expand. And our full-year expectation, again, is like an 80 to 100 basis point margin improvement full year. So still anticipate strong operational performance in Q4 to finish out the year.
David Petratis: So a lot packed into that. I think you’ve got to look at the macro noise and take heed of that. Again as I look at the macro, I see a lot of positive out there, including, again I’ll emphasize state and local tax revenues. Then you’ve got to square that with what’s the level of our backlog, code activities. I’d remind you, Josh, that construction backlogs still remain at over 8 months, that’s healthy. Residential inventories, historic low from my perspective at 4 months. And then, look at our activities for quotes, we like what we see going forward, that continued solid progression of the business. You have to temper that with electronics, which we think positively influences. So we’re confident in what we see over the next 9 to 12 months.
David Petratis: Nothing really to read into that, more of a timing item. When we look at the end markets, there are still many opportunities to continue to invest in our business, particularly around channels, demand creation, new product development, this Internet of Things platform connectivity seamless access, there is a host of activities that we can continue to invest and that we believe will continue to accelerate our top-line performance. And so we’ll continue to look at those opportunities and give you more kind of specifics relative to 2020 going forward. But there is a lot of activity and things we can continue to invest and continue to drive our business forward.
David Petratis: Nothing out of the ordinary, I mean, you hit it right in terms of – sequentially, the pricing was down, but pretty much in line with our expectations. The teams across the board, I would say, particularly in Americas and Europe continue to execute extremely well on price realization and capturing what they can. Particularly in the nonresidential segment, as you know, resi a little bit harder to get price, particularly in the big box arena, but performance has been good and we’ll continue to drive it going forward and capture what we can given the strong markets.
David Petratis: I would say, we continue with our strategy. We think, there is opportunities are to wring some cash out on inventories. We invested in 2019 with some of the moves that we made globally. And I’m extremely pleased on how we executed on that moves. Our move from Turkey to Poland that some ERP consolidations that never hit the press that we’re executing in a high level, we put some additional inventory in place that will wring out of the system. As we think about capital deployment, the M&A pipeline continues to be robust, prices are high. We remain disciplined and we continue to be active in terms of some stock repurchases.
David Petratis: Our growth in electronics has been robust over the last several years. It’s hard to put up 30% growth a year-ago and top that, so the numbers are getting bigger. The opportunities are also remaining, I think, compelling. If you remember at Investor Day, 40 billion openings in the world, connected devices, technologies, our approach to open protocols with connected capabilities continues to open up opportunities. We think, we understand the growth of these markets on a global basis and it will continue to be a positive driver for Allegion.
David Petratis: So you’re breaking up a little bit there, but I’ll try and hit that. The conversations you had with Brad. I think, number one, partnerships is one of our strategic objectives here. Working with people, the big integrators whether it’s CBORD, whether it’s Bosch, Siemens, we think we bring a unique approach to that. I think, second is a heavy focus on customer satisfaction and quality through the value stream. I’d like to think that from when we first work with an architect to when we install, we can be the best provider through that stream. And it’s – any time you’ve got an industry like ours that’s got a mechanical heritage and we’re introducing electronics and connectivity the high role. There is opportunity to differentiate ourselves. And I’m confident Brad talked about this, but it’s really around customer satisfaction and partnering with tools like Overtur, making sure our connected devices install seamlessly on the customer campus or activity with the best products. This is our strategy.
David Petratis: I believe with our position and strategy to be open gives us an advantage. It’s also a key that we’re flexible there. We’ll have customers that want control, they want closed systems. And it’s really having that flexibility with our customers that were not going drive one connected strategy that we leave that to the customer and we adapt to that. I think this is important around things like identity and we’re intentional in creating differentiation there.
David Petratis: I’d say our work in terms of just some good maintenance in the channel is behind us. The introduction of e-commerce over the last few years creates a little bit of a situation like the Wild West. You can have things appear on eBay or storefronts can pop up. It’s part of the natural evolution. But, yes, we think that’s behind us. And I think reflective of some of the growth we saw in the quarter.
David Petratis: I would say, and you know this relative to our industry, we’ll continue to push price. Even a couple of years ago in a deflationary environment, which were, in that today to the extent of input cost being a little bit lower year-over-year, we can still probably push price a little bit, given the strong market demand. And we will do that and remain competitive. And so, you wouldn’t see necessarily the full year-over-year price increase that you will see for the full year 2019 going forward. But nonetheless, you should expect continued price realization in the broader market.
David Petratis: I think a normal third quarter, we’ve got operating systems here that we try and track how we move through it. It’s the peak of the summer construction season. And I think things behave normally.
David Petratis: I would characterize it as not any specific pull-forward of activity, i.e., specific actions. I would say Q3 came in better than originally anticipated when we were together 90 days ago, but again, still anticipating a relatively strong performance in Q4 going forward.
David Petratis: I would also say, we’ll continue to push Allegion to be disciplined in pricing. We’re seeing wage inflation. I think it’s important that our team think about those pressures and make sure that we’re responsible in going out there and winning our business, driving strong productivity equations and continuing to make sure that we’re compensated for the value that we create I think with our customer relationships.
Patrick Shannon: Hey, just one point of clarification. Julian. The number Dave quoted for residential, that was year-to-date for the resi growth.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. But you characterized it right. If I can add that the comparisons get a little bit easier, particularly in Q4, but kind of low-double-digit is kind of how you should think about it going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. So that’s a good point. And Dave mentioned it a little bit relative to the full-year guide. So as indicated, our effective tax rate for Q3 came in better than anticipated. That turns negative on us in Q4, so that you have a much higher tax rate in Q4 relative to the year-to-date tax rate, which today stands a little bit south of 15%. So with the full year of 15.5% you can kind of work the math. And so that’s going to be a pretty big headwind for year-over-year comparability in Q4.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah. I think about around 1%, maybe a little bit north of that. But that would be kind of a normalized type of level.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning. I apologize if this question was asked already. But, so can you talk about the progression of the quarter by months? If you can talk if it was progressively better, worse, or you think it was as expected? That’s my first question.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Was there any pull-forward of demand in Q3 from Q4? I mean, you’ve kept your guide basically, even though Q3 kind of outperformed. So just curious, what are some of the puts and takes we should be thinking about as we think through Q4? Or is there – you just want to bake-in some conservatism, because there’s still a lot out there in macros that you probably can’t forecast precisely.
Deepa Raghavan: Yeah. No, no, no worries. Just one on pricing here, I mean, pretty strong pricing trends. I think this got asked a couple of different ways already. But what’s the normalized price range? Do I start – do we start to bake in like more 1% to 2% price range going forward? Or – it just seems like pricing is at this point in time a little peakish. You may have the commodity tailwinds and everything. But just given, how do we think about it in a normalized range? And that’s my final question. Thank you so much.
