David D. Petratis: Thank you, Tom. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We posted a solid quarter of results delivering organic revenue growth and margin expansion across all geographies. Revenues of $502 million grew 9.5% reflecting organic growth of 3.6%, as well as the benefit of prior-year acquisitions. Europe and Asia Pacific revenues were in line with expectations from a market and performance level. I would like to note that the Americas organic growth of 3.4% was delivered despite the implementation of a new operating system at our Indianapolis operation facility. This is part of a natural evolution of an older legacy system that will allow Allegion to continue to deliver best-in-class products and solutions. I am very pleased with the progress thus far and the speed and flexibility demonstrated by our teams to make the continuous improvements necessary to quickly restore our industry-leading delivery cycles at the Indianapolis plant. We believe the non-residential markets continue to show stable growth as reflected in the strength of our orders and backlogs in the first quarter. Patrick will provide further details when discussing the America's financials. Adjusted operating income of $84.6 million increased 12.5% versus the prior year. Overall operating margin improved by 40 basis points with all regions delivering increases versus the prior-year period. We remain focused on our growth strategies and continue to balance ongoing investments with improved operating performance. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.61 increased more than 19% versus the prior-year period, primarily driven from improved operating performance and acquisitions. This is our seventh straight quarter with double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. Also in the quarter, the company repurchased approximately 0.5 million shares. This is consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy and goal to offset dilution at a minimum. Please go to slide four. In the Americas, Allegion's distinctive position as both a non-residential and residential market leader gives our team the capabilities to leverage technology across both markets. Utilizing these unique capabilities, we've implemented a new multi-family strategy to drive profit and grow market share, as well as establish thought leadership as the key implementation of multi-family strategy. Allegion has created Schlage Control, the next-generation of electronic access for the world of multi-family. The open integration capabilities deliver the ability for property owners to manage both residential and common area doors on a single superior system and from anywhere using cloud or Web-based apps. Schlage Control eliminates dealing with traditional keys while providing residents convenient smart card and phone credentials. Our deadbolts launched in December 2015 and our interconnected locks are set to launch in May. A number of other multi-family growth opportunities are being pursued including accelerating OEM software platforms, leveraging relationships with market influencers and creating standard specification guidelines. With all these initiatives, Allegion has created a complete solution package to offer multi-family customers. We look forward to watching for more success in the multi-family segment throughout 2016 and beyond. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results, and I'll be back to discuss our full year guidance.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 12. We are affirming our 2016 guidance for revenue and earnings per share as noted on the slide. Our view of the global markets remain unchanged with better confidence given first quarter performance. The Americas residential markets continue to perform well especially in big box and e-commerce aftermarket segments. And although U.S. GDP growth projections have moderated slightly, we continue to expect slow and steady improvement in our core non-residential markets. Within major institution of verticals, we still expect modest growth in education with flat to modest healthcare expansion. For Americas' revenue, the heavy lifting of our Indianapolis operating center integration is behind us, and I'm confident in our ability to achieve full year organic growth of 5% to 6%. I am pleased with growth delivered in the first quarter from our EMEIA and Asia Pacific regions in support of our full year targets. Our acquisitions are delivering growth and the markets are performing as expected. Please go to slide 13. Let me finish by reiterating that I'm pleased with our first quarter results that deliver organic revenue growth and margin expansion across all of our reporting segments and earnings per share growth of more than 19%. Allegion is executing on our margin improvement in EMEIA, benefiting from our acquisitions and realizing contributions for our new product introductions especially within the electronic segment. Finally, we remain on track and are positioned well to deliver our original guidance. Now, Patrick and I will take your questions.
David D. Petratis: I think you read that properly. As we looked at the quarter, January orders were a bit anemic. We would have liked to see that come in a little bit stronger, and we accelerated through the quarter. We turned on the ERP system February 1. With any kind of start-up that reflects – that ERP system, 25%, 30% of our Americas volume. We had some start-up issues, it got better through the quarter, and we see continuous improvement every day at Indy operations. And today, our output is eating into our backlog.
David D. Petratis: I would emphasize, too, Josh, we would expect acceleration in this time of the year. As we go into the summer construction season, there's a ramp-up. That's why we implement big changes in ERP in Q1, but that ramp-up is positive and we will give you an update at the end of Q2 how we assess that. Is it better than we thought? But clearly positive about what we see from an incoming order rate.
David D. Petratis: So, first, we replaced a 29-year-old operating system in our legacy facility. So the change management is huge. We don't underestimate that, but it affects every transaction from order entry to shipment. Some of the challenges were driven by part location and completed product location that has a higher level of rigor than was operated under the old system. Our configured product is also as complex as anything in the industry. So as we take systems and apply it – I don't care if it's SAP, Oracle. We chose Microsoft AX, these challenge these systems and that's what we faced. I couldn't be prouder of how our people responded to make sure that we met the needs of our customers. And as I look at April, we are cutting into the backlog at a very fast pace. And I would say for the size of this conversion, I think it's – and the complexity of our business, we've done a credible job to upgrade.
David D. Petratis: I'm always concerned. We did extend lead times. We're fighting those back in. The Von Duprin specification capability has huge staying power. I think you understand that when, either in the replacement market or the spec market, it has significant weight. You just can't go and replace it with something else. The engineer-configured is another aspect of that. I would just – I got no phone calls, which I think is pretty telling. I'm as available to our customers as I am to you. We communicated of the change that we were going through and they understood the need for us to upgrade our 29-year-old system. So, this business has a lot of credibility with industry-leading lead times. We're going to return to that and we'll provide features and benefits with the new systems that our customers didn't have in the past and I think net-net, it'll be a positive for us.
David D. Petratis: So, Jeff, I may not be as intimate on some of the video stuff and keep an eye on it, but go back 90 days ago with our core guidance, we led – or certainly we're at the top end of the industry in terms of the growth that we saw. I think we're intimate with our key market's demands and clearly see what's happening in the market in terms of the segmentation and niches in our business. And I would say this globally, we see good upside opportunity. I've talked about some of our channel moves. We continue to analyze our market positions and opportunities with – in our global positioning to go in and better execute and serve growing niches. That would be true for our traditional mechanical businesses, and we continue to see the electronic side of it growing at double to our mechanical markets. And we think things like the multi-family segment that gives customers a perimeter security right down to the apartment door will help us to deliver leading industry growth.
David D. Petratis: I think China, this quarter, is a good example. Yes, we're small but a focused business. Target with our capabilities, shows growth in Europe, very pleased with our performance, and I have to make long-term improvements in the ERP systems for our employees and customers. But you look at what went into our backlog; we would've been right at the top of the group in terms of our growth. There's multiple factors working here.
David D. Petratis: We clearly see quotations, incoming orders supporting the growth profile that we projected in our annual guidance. Stronger in some of the institutional segments, I think it supports our strength in specification. And then, you've talked to – or I've talked to you about the retrofit market, better service to locksmiths through our channel plays, those investments continue to exceed our expectations.
David D. Petratis: Our next targeted upgrade would be in France and that would be late fourth quarter so that's – then as I think about our systems, you need to think about this as an ultramarathon. We clearly created a system – the Allegion system and our IT systems, our infrastructure was underinvested, but this is not a land race or a rush. We'll very methodically move to a common platform over the next 5 years to 10 years. We think it's important. But we replaced a 29-year-old system. The next system that we'll replace will be a – it's called a Bull (41:57) system. Probably only old guys like me remember this, but it doesn't have near the scope. But what we installed in Indianapolis is the platform that will replace the Bull (42:11) system. So, logical steps that I think give our people the tools and our customers the capability to expect in a modern marketplace.
David D. Petratis: So, think of our channel initiatives in terms of the retrofit and renovate and better service to partnerships with locksmiths is in year two of a five-year rollout. We continue to strategically evaluate opportunities to extend our specification capability in the commercial segments. So, there's multiple things working here, but remember in the retrofit/replace market, the locksmith, $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion market that we roll out really over the next three years to five years and pleased with the continued progress.
David D. Petratis: So, thanks for noticing that. The growth really comes, number one, with focus. Bocom and the exit of that business was some heavy lifting, distracting in terms of capabilities we have. Second, especially in China, we're attacking specific niches that we think our capability lines up with. Third is the acquisitions. Brio, Milre, FSH are improving our product capability and we think we have a value proposition that will help us to grow in the region.
David D. Petratis: The long-term goal is a common operating system. You need to think about that five years. We will not do that conversion without a solid business case that delivers a return in productivity. You have to think about aged systems, those types of things. But we believe these systems can enhance our customer capability and our profitability and the business case, in terms of the next steps, got to be there for us to move forward.
David D. Petratis: So, historically, we have led our industry in terms of inventory turns, cycle times and profit margin. We think modern tools, Windows-based tools on the floor will continue to give us differentiation on those factors. I think second, it's important that we look at the end customer. Why would I want a common system? I can't ship today on one invoice from our various manufacturing facilities. And customers want this. It's something I think over the long-term planning horizon we've got to plan for. Another dimension of the optics of lead time and the change management happened as we turned on the new system, I mean, clearly we've changed some things and are coming back quickly. But we closed the books financially at a faster pace than we had at any ops ever. I'd like to be able to spend less money on financial consolidation and more on analysis, analysis of our profitability, our customers. So, there's multi-dimensions in terms of these systems, but we'll hold them to a business case and we think we'll drive the things that are important to us: return on invested capital, high inventory turnover, and time.
David D. Petratis: I want to add one other point in terms of benchmarking. As we look on our global IT cost, we're at the upper end of the range. And to get that to the benchmarks that we would like, we think we've got to upgrade these systems. And I'd share that just – this is how we think in terms of the overall performance of the business. We want superior capabilities, but we also want to make sure that the cost structure that deliver that is in line with other industrial companies.
David D. Petratis: Good market. Forecasting says that replace and renovation is going to increase in the year. Remember that we're extremely well positioned to that. Our suite of electronics – Schlage Touch, Schlage Pulse, Schlage Sense – I think are giving us good momentum. We are increasing our work with the large builders. We think there's opportunity there, but we want to provide that on value. We want to provide that on builders that want to provide an above opening price point products. We think the market – the electronics and increased spend in the renovation markets are all – and then style and design, that was one thing I failed to mention. We have put more SKUs out there and they're all factors that are helping us grow.
David D. Petratis: I would say a slight improvement. We've got price pressures in the market, but we also – if you visited our Baja facilities, the teams there are doing an outstanding job of driving productivity on the factory floor, value engineering, but just straight execution and throughput. Extremely pleased with those teams.
David D. Petratis: I'd always like to think that customers would look at the lack of investment in that product set and our aggressive investment. We're providing better solutions. Uncertainty in the competitive world's always an opportunity for a manufacturer like ours.
David D. Petratis: So, I'll speak to it in aggregate. Americas being the bulk of the incremental investment spend. It's probably a little bit lighter in Q1. I would expect it to increase slightly throughout the course of the year, Q2 through 4, to be kind of straight line for those quarters. We gave some guidance I think around $0.15 to $0.16 incremental spend relative to our year-over-year investment spend.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just on the ERP implementation, Dave, if I understand you right, it sounds like the high-single-digit order growth that you saw in the quarter would have been converted, so the low-single-digit sales would have been closer to high-single digit. I just want to make sure I understand that right just to start.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you. And then, just to follow on to that question, I don't know if you answered already, how does that relate to low-single-digit outlook for the year? It seems like orders are a bit ahead of that.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hey, guys. Just to follow up on the price cost discussion from earlier. Maybe just to parse out the 120 bps you got in the quarter, I think, overall that you spelled out there in the Q, should we think about that as being a similar number into the second quarter and maybe a little narrower in the second half just based on comps? Or maybe just help to dimension out the seasonality there.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: The price cost delta. I think you called out in the Q 120 basis points of margin benefit on price cost in the quarter. I would imagine you'll get a similar number in 2Q.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, just a couple of follow-ons, Josh. So, as Dave indicated, it's primarily a timing issue relative to the shipments not a – what we think is a market share issue. Order activity, probably a little bit north of our full year organic growth expectations that we give 5% to 6% in Americas. The backlog would reflect that. So, I would say maybe another way to look at it is without this, we certainly would have participated well within that range, probably at the higher end of that full year range. So, as we look going forward, we're making good strides of progress. Production is up relative to year-over-year eating into the backlog every day. And so, the thought would be to make it up as soon as possible to get our delivery cycles back to customer demand quickly, but it's probably going to be a Q2, Q3 fully caught up.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, order activity is tracking a little bit north of that. The difficult thing to ascertain as it relates specific to our Indianapolis facility is whenever you go out with these changes, you communicate, of course, your customer base. So there maybe some order activity that's trying to get ahead of it, get the products in the queue and so I think it's a little bit too early to adjust our guidance northward. We'll get a better perspective as we progress throughout this quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, we have added a little extra labor associated with the implementation. You would have that in any case associated with these transitions, so perhaps a lift in productivity. But in terms of affecting our overall operating results, nothing of significance to highlight there. As you know, those products have very good margins so it shouldn't be an issue going forward. On the proposed legislation, actually a couple of comments there, you're aware that right now, they are – it is proposed so it's hoping a commentary period. We'll see how it shakes out. But basis of the current proposed legislation, it's all perspective-looking. And so, when we look at the effect on our business, I would say no immediate impact today for 2015 or our planning horizon over the next three to five years. I would also comment on – relative to the proposed legislation that it has a lot of documentation requirements. We feel like we're fairly buttoned up in this area. You may recall in 2014, we had some incremental investment associated with some external advisors from both the tax and legal perspective. I think we're on a very solid foundation relative to some of those items that these regulations address. Going forward, it does require maybe some more rigor and tax planning strategies, but we've got many tools in our toolbox that we'll continue to execute. The regulations, by the way, are specific to U.S. entities or foreign subsidiaries underneath U.S. entities, so it doesn't impact our every entity within our structure. And it doesn't preclude or eliminate debt transactions with a solid and sound business purpose. So, I just remind you being an Irish-domicile company, I believe we have a very tax-efficient structure. We have a lot of optionality and we have the ability to continue even with these regulations to move cash around the globe tax efficiently. That gives us a competitive advantage.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, as we highlighted a mix impact, some of that being driven from the residential growth, continued strong growth in that business, and that would have a natural mix impact as we kind of experienced a little bit last year but a pretty sizable mix relative to – within the commercial products. And if you were to look at our volume leverage growth historically – last year, for example, we delivered 40% for every incremental dollar on revenue. That was way down significantly. I would have expected, again, all things being equal, that we would have been within that range in terms of leverage on incremental revenue. So, pretty big mix impact on our business.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. You would anticipate as we eat into the backlog, shipments accelerate, growth, because we're going to make up for some of the difference here in Q2, Q3, you would expect a favorable mix going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: It's a timing issue. And as those shipments continue to catch up, then we'll have favorability there from a margin perspective, which we didn't see in Q1.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, I don't have that information readily available, but the margin accretion, 380 basis points, was driven both from the base business improving as well as the acquisitions which are accretive to the overall European margins. If I were to take a guesstimate here, I'd say it's kind of a 50/50 split in the quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: No, I think good progress on the pricing. Not only looking at it holistic by market, but within vertical markets and by customer segments so continuous improvement there and it's good as Dave mentioned. The organic growth, 3%, sequentially better than Q4 last year and it's a good sign particularly in Southern Europe.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, as you mentioned, the input costs have come down particularly for us brass, zinc, and steel are large input costs. I think the year-over-year decrease in commodities basis of the current spot rates as you call it around 20% collectively, that was baked in to our full year guidance. We've recently seen a move upward in steel prices so it may put a little pressure there, but you should continue to see deflation in our input cost. One of the great things about this business relative to your comment on pricing, not a significant impact on our pricing strategy, so believe we can continue to execute on that front. And you're not going to see the full benefit of the deflation in the commodity prices because, again, we lock in the supplier contracts and so over a 12-month period. And so, it kind of worked its way out during the course of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: Very, very good. If you go back, call it after the 2008 recession, you saw a much higher price realization particularly given the rise in the input cost. And so, I think the ability to pass that on to the consumer historically has been good. It depends on particular movements, competition, et cetera, but right now, I'm not anticipating in a rising inflationary situation that we wouldn't be able to do the same going forward.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, you saw a significant step-up in our operating income performance, the acquisitions clearly contributing to that. The region has done a really good job eliminating the stranded cost associated with the divestiture through some reduced head count and really cost containment, those type of things. So first quarter I think in a long time has been at a breakeven. So, sequentially, it will continue to improve throughout the course of the year. We've always said for 2016 kind of mid-single-digit operating income performance for the full year, but putting a path to kind of get us to 10% over our planning horizon.
Patrick S. Shannon: And, Jeff, so think about it also back office efficiency moving from multiple systems to one common platform. It just provides all kinds of efficiency, better control environment, et cetera, from a finance perspective, order management, so those type of activities, better customer service. So there's a whole spectrum of business benefits not just in the manufacturing floor.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, on the incremental investment spending, so you're right, a big chunk of that would be captured in capital expenditures and as you capitalize things like license cost, design development, those type of things. So, the bulk of that has already been capitalized relative to our global platform. So, on a go-forward basis, you would have things like any modifications for local, regional requirements or specific maybe to a manufacturing facility, and those would be capitalized. But there's also a core team that's been charged with implementing and executing on the implementation of these that is kind of captured in our corporate expenditure as an ongoing investment. That will continue kind of going forward as we roll out what Dave said on the French implementation and then we'll see kind of going forward. But all that incremental spend has been captured in our full year guidance. And we'll play one year at a time and it depends upon the speed at which we implement and we'll determine how much more or little on that investment dollars.
Patrick S. Shannon: Well, our hope would be to improve upon it. We like the progress that we saw in Q1, as you pointed out, better out of the gate than last year for the full year. Commercial has been performing well, residential kind of tracking to what we had anticipated. So, we'll see as the year progresses, but so far, a little bit better than what we had anticipated out of the gate but in line kind of with our full year expectations.
Patrick S. Shannon: I think a good way to look at that question is if you look at the full year, 2015, we had other income of roughly $10 million to $11 million. Our full year guidance assumed a similar amount for 2016. We did have kind of a onetime benefit in this equity investment that came through, so that maybe a little upside there year-over-year. But that would suggest that the majority of our EPS growth, 7% to 12%, all operational performance improvement predominantly. But the full year guide assumed kind of a similar number for the full year that we experienced last year.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. Actually, if things hold the way they are today, you'd see a little increase to that because the deflationary benefits would be a little bit stronger assuming commodity prices track where they're trading today. So, hopefully, we see a little bit improvement in Q2, Q3, then it kind of levels out.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, actually not too much different. Q4 will continue to be our strongest quarter for Europe, Q1 being the lightest quarter, Q2 pretty good, and Q3 because of the holiday period, a little lighter than Q2. But the seasonality is fairly consistent. Even with the margin increase year-over-year lower than what you might expect, remember we have flat amortization expense associated with the intangibles during the course of the year. So that, as the business grows, that kind of levels out and you get improved margins going forward. So, you would expect improved kind of double-digit margins going forward for our European region.
