Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, as you mentioned, Q4 pricing was favorable. If you kind of look at it, relative to the prior quarter, it sequentially improved. We did go out with a price increase at the beginning of the quarter, and our commercial segment of the business saw really good traction there. I think it demonstrates that we've continued to grow in our discipline and focus in this area. Saw good improvement in the residential business as well, which was really positive. We believe that momentum will continue into 2017. And so, the price-cost equation, as we look into kind of the full year basis of where commodity prices trade today, most of the price should offset the commodity headwind. It is a significant, kind of, change if you look at the cost side of the equation. Commodity prices, like steel for example, is up 40%, 50% over the average rate for 2016. So, we are anticipating more price movement in 2017 to offset the increase in the commodity costs.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, in Q4, it was about 150 basis points improvement year-over-year. As we look in kind of the full year, 2016 I think across the globe was about 1% price improvement, which is fairly consistent over the prior couple of years. 2017 will be north of that. You're probably looking at 1% to 1.5% improvement. So, the rest of the organic growth would be volume related and we would characterize that as growing at market plus. We would expect, given our channel initiatives, new product development, the traction we've gained, some of the new initiatives, new products coming out for 2017, that we would grow above market of, say, 1% to 2% is our expectation. And that's why you're seeing a fairly robust anticipation of revenue growth for 2017, as well as strong markets.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. I would just add, too, Andrew, if you kind of look at these in terms of capital deployment alternatives, you have to look at it over a longer time horizon. And these, historically, over the last couple of years, have provided an outstanding return on invested capital. And so, we kind of – we look at the opportunities. As Dave said, we're a learning organization, as we look at opportunities to expand our market segmentation, and areas where we're underserved today just provides really good growth opportunities. And we're going to manage the equation so that the incremental investments, we can make those, still grow the top line and expand our margins in the region where we make the investments.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. From a seasonal perspective, I think you probably have to look at – go back to 2015 and look at kind of the split there from top line perspective. It may be back into, kind of, the first half of 2016 and assume kind of revenue growth and margin expansion in both quarters year-over-year.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, we'll continue to see margin expansion. The pricing is going to be stronger. As you said, that should offset a lot of the commodity cost increase. We continue to get outstanding volume leverage on the incremental volume. And so, that should continue to move forward. Productivity improvements will continue to drive margin performance as well. So, the margin expectation is, we'll manage the incremental investments to ensure that we get top line growth. So, we're still getting margin accretion in Americas and that should be fairly steady throughout the course of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, we didn't mention it in the quarter. Well, for the full year, kind of, low-double digits growth. Q4 was kind of similar type of range. It continues to grow faster than the traditional mechanical business. A good trend for us. As you know, electronic products sell at a higher average selling price, similar margin, more EBIT dollars, cash flow. So, good trend, and that's something we're investing in to take advantage of that electromechanical convergence.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yes. So, I would anticipate – well, first of all, the step-up here is all related to specific opportunities that we see specific around the market segmentation that Dave talked about, expansion of the channel, discretionary market opportunity, new product development, those type of things. The other thing that's fueling that a little bit is, when we acquire companies, I mean, there's opportunities that, in order to fully realize that investment and take advantage of that, investments are needed to kind of expand the capabilities of that. Republic Door would be a good example of that, where we need some infrastructure spending, if you will, to fully take advantage of that acquisition and to fill out the regional distribution capabilities for fulfillment for customers. So, really, it's going to be dependent upon what's taking place in the industry, acquisitions, et cetera. But I would say, going forward, long term, $0.15 to $0.20 I would say is probably a peak. How much it will taper down from there is hard to say. But each year, we'll kind of look at it individually. But I think the critical thing is that, when we evaluate these, we ensure that there's good revenue growth opportunity that we can execute on it, the risk of doing that isn't significant and it's – we got to demonstrate a proof-of-concept in the marketplace before we put a bunch of capital behind it. So, we've got levers we can pull. If we can't execute, we can swaddle back a little bit.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. A little bit more difficult, just given the scale and size of the region. But steady improvement, kind of, like where we are now with Europe. We'd expect to leverage on top line growth and continue to drive price to exceed inflation and just steady improvement.
David D. Petratis: So, Andrew, I would think of it like this. As a market leader, particularly, in the U.S., we see opportunities to segment the market and invest for growth. We've talked about this as part of our channel initiatives that I think has delivered above-market growth today. We continue to see opportunities to segment that market, but it takes people, number one. Number two, we believe very strongly in this electromechanical convergence. Again, it takes investment in product development engineering, which is fueling our vitality index which we think gives good returns. So, we're confident in our ability to execute and deliver on those investments that will give us above-market growth as we go forward.
David D. Petratis: I think that's what we've proven. It's important that we're accountable, and we see that opportunity globally. I think Asia-Pacific would be a good example in our segmentation and adjustments there. More work to do in Europe to fuel that growth. And again, it's people driving specification with great products.
David D. Petratis: I think we haven't revealed those deals we didn't do, which I think were disciplined capital allocation decisions. The pipeline in my mind is fruitful. We continue to work it extremely hard. We think the industry consolidates. We did just knock off a small deal with Republic Doors, which we think advances the Americas. And this is kind of the nature of M&A. It had ebbs and flows, and we think there's plenty of opportunity as we move through the year.
David D. Petratis: I will just smile and look at our ability to generate the cash that we did in this company in 2016. It's important to us, and we're going to deploy it in a flexible manner.
David D. Petratis: On an annualized basis, our team went through a very challenging ERP implementation in Indy Ops and grew that business nicely year-over-year.
David D. Petratis: So, any changes along the border that could affect imports into the countries, I think you got to think about it in multiple dimensions. Number one, our greatest exposure is to our resi business. And as we think about the resi, we're in the boat with all competitors and – however, that – tide rises. We think any tariffs would be passed along. Nobody is going to be able to change overnight. So, that's our biggest exposure. On the commercial institutional, you know that, here in the U.S., we've got a very strong U.S.-based manufacturing base that leads to industry profitability. So, we think we navigate through that okay. Third, I think this industry has good pricing disciplines. We do import component parts along with others. Again, we think we could pass that along. So, in a world of uncertainty, we have I think a lot of flexibility. And I'd emphasize, as you have been through our factories, our manufacturing excellence has a lot of ability to flex and move where we needed to be. I think we're probably at a better state of readiness than anybody in the industry to be able to adapt to change.
David D. Petratis: So, we're net positive on what we would describe as total institutional growth as we move into 2017. I think the overall environment that we'll leave in 2016 was positive. I think we called that a year ago. We work hard to understand the drivers. But we would see total education stronger in 2017 than it was in 2016. We'd see healthcare stronger in 2017 than it was in 2016. Some changings in terms of hospitals. The hospital model is changing. We know we don't see as many big institutions, but we see a lot of more walk-in cares, imaging cares that fall right into our wheelhouse. So, we like this institutional space. I think, if you also dive into bond issues that were improved in the fourth quarter of 2016, it was net positive. There's a need for infrastructure, school security. We like our position.
David D. Petratis: I would just add to that, too, as we moved into 2017, a hard squeeze on what I call back-office costs and any increase in investments in things that we believe that will produce growth for us going forward in the future, including new products.
David D. Petratis: So, incremental year-over-year improvement. When you come to Investor Day, we'll give you a better look at that, what we see long term, but continued step-up year-over-year. I think – as I think about Europe, it's a little bit like three-dimensional chest. We have to continue to improve our geographical position. The northern margins are better than we're – our traditional markets. Second is investment in growth on our spec writing capabilities is important. I described our core mechanical business as more of a flow goods business that wholesalers are providing. We do the best in the world where we can drive specs. So, I wish I could be more aggressive and say, hey, it's going from this point to this. We've made big moves. But as we look at ourselves versus our competitors with similar geographical regions, we're significantly above them, so we got to be realistic in terms of how it goes forward. Our ultimate goal would be mid-teens.
David D. Petratis: So, it is true we've repositioned the portfolio, I think, nicely. It's allowed us to focus on our core business. We are applying the segmented market approaches that we are in the U.S. to drive growth, and it's yielding results. We will continue to be opportunistic in terms of M&A in the region, but I'd also say patient with a flavor towards electronics. Our Milre acquisition in South Korea, growing quite nicely and we see the Asia-Pacific region, in terms of the electronic convergence, moving faster. We want to be a part of that. But overall, feel good about our execution, confident in our growth ability, more based on the segments that we're driving. We had some project wins in the fourth quarter. That's a little bit like a license to hunt. We've got to go deliver those, which we're confident we can, and continue positive on the region.
David D. Petratis: That's a good aspiration. We, again, think – the improvement year-over-year and we will go into more detail at Investor Day on how we see the next three to five years in the region.
David D. Petratis: I'd say the first headwind versus the 10% is more the challenge of redeploying our manufacturing capability. We took out over 150 jobs in Italy. We have gone to some partners in some new production sites. There's always challenges with this. And as we've said in past calls, that didn't go off exactly as we would have anticipated, but we're well positioned for 2017. In terms of – there was a pretty big transformation in the portfolio. We cut parts out. We have added, with SimonsVoss, AXA. In 2016, we established, what we call, global portable security. They're working to forward the strategies on that, which we think will fuel growth and profitability. And so, overall, we're very pleased with the improvement over the last 36 months. We have not been at this level of profitability since 2008. The other opportunity is continuing to build our specifying capability. This comes with people. It can also come with acquisitions. SimonsVoss helps us in the spec writing capability, but you have to coordinate that across the region. This takes more time, but we think our prospects going forward are positive.
David D. Petratis: I don't see any further changing needs in terms of any environmental exposures we have globally. This is another example. Over the last 36 months, we did not inherit from Ingersoll Rand an environmental department. We had to establish that, establish a review of the sites that we operate in the world. And the change or investment that we made was more driven by proven technologies. We felt that we could make that investment and remediate those sites at a faster pace versus what we were conducting. We had to work with state and local officials. And take it as our commitment to do the right thing in the places that we operate. Those will be cleaner sites. And I think we have a very good handle on what we own today.
David D. Petratis: So, number one, I would look at our return on invested capital and profitability margins. We're significantly ahead of the competition. Our engineered order nature and the varieties of products that we make don't necessarily leverage huge automation investments. In things like polishing, our finishing facilities, you will see a high level. But if you go down here to India ops or into the facilities at SimonsVoss in East Germany, I think we use a balance of build-to-order human hands and automation to deliver some of the best return on capital. Oftentimes, in manufacturing, it's how we eliminate non-value added work and help our people to improve quality customer satisfaction that yields our margins versus straight automation investment. It's not what I believe get us to the promised ground in terms of effective manufacturing.
David D. Petratis: So, we certainly followed the Stanley movement almost from the day I arrived at the door. I think we understood our opportunity there clearly. I was not surprised at all with where that asset held up. I think you got to step back and look at it. The performance of the Stanley Mechanical Access had not grown over time, number one. Number two, kaba dorma (01:00:10) also made another move and that was called Mesker Door. And I think they are working to try and position to look more like ourselves in ASA in the North American market. I can only say bringing together companies is never easy and being able to put together the capability of distribution, specification resources are around that. Those new acquisitions and portfolio I think open up opportunities for us to grow. Change is never easy. That's my point there. And that's why we continue to segment the market and invest in the U.S. to drive our organic growth. So, I was not surprised by how those things came out and have no remorse.
David D. Petratis: No slowdown. I think we look at this market and think 5% to 8% annual market growth. We're doing better than that. And I think the challenge is for the industry and for Allegion to accelerate the adoption. These are clearly devices that can improve home, commercial institutional security. As we connect these with mobile devices; people want to be confident in them. And in my mind, this market will continue to progress, and Allegion should be – outgrow the market in that convergence.
