David Petratis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. This marks our first full quarter as a stand-alone publicly traded company, and we're excited to share our progress as we unlock our potential at Allegion. In the first quarter, we delivered reported earnings per share of $0.37, which includes $0.07 of restructuring and one-time separation costs resulting in an adjusted earnings per share of $0.44.  Revenues were $472 million, up 3.7% on an adjusted basis versus last year, and up 3% on an organic basis. All regions delivered positive growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating income of $76 million increased 3.8% versus the prior year, and adjusted operating margins remained flat at 16.1%. We were pleased with the results in the first quarter. And similar to most industrials operating in the U.S., we had to navigate tough weather conditions early in the quarter. March performance in our nonresidential America's business was markedly better than the beginning of the quarter, which we feel is a better indicator of the long-term health of the nonresidential construction markets. This view is also supported by our specification and quote trends, which increased in the mid to high teens as compared to the prior year, a good leading indicator of performance typically 9 to 18 months in the future. We are making good progress on our EMEIA actions and continue to see market growth in the Asia Pacific region. We are also affirming our full-year guidance Please go to Slide 4. By now, you will recognize our key strategies, which we will use to deliver profitable growth in achievement of our long-term objectives. We continue to see great progress on our electronic offerings, both in the residential and nonresidential space. As an example, we recently announced the launch of our new Connected Touchscreen Residential lock, which will add to our already strong growth profile in the electronic locking categories in the Americas.  Through our open architecture connected platform, users have the capability to manage their home security from anywhere in the world from an Internet connected device, regardless of their selected home automation platform. Our line of keyless electronic locks offers the strength, peace in mind and ease of installation and retrofit that our customers desire. I've had an opportunity to drill down on our innovation pipeline this past quarter, and I'm convinced that our investment in R&D to drive new innovative products will continue to position us as an industry leader in technology development. I'm truly excited about our future prospects in both the commercial and residential markets.  On the M&A front, the overall pipeline is starting to progress nicely. We've been active in the first quarter, and although relatively small transactions, they are aligned with the areas of focus that we previously discussed, emerging markets, emerging technologies and product portfolio expansion. Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of Fire and Security hardware, a leading electromechanical locking provider in Australia. This transaction strengthens Allegion's presence in the Australian security market with a strong brand name and product portfolio, while bringing innovative technologies that can be applied globally. I'd like to take a moment to provide an early update on our EMEIA progress. As of previously announced, Lucia Moretti was appointed as our leader of EMEIA business located in Faenza, Italy. Lucia has wasted no time in adding significant value to EMEIA improvement plans, leveraging her past knowledge and experience in similar situations. In early April, initial actions were unveiled to streamline deployment of assets and resources to improve profitability and customer focus.  We continue to strengthen our execution in markets where we have the right products to be successful and have made changes to streamline operating divisions, provide better focus on the customer, and strengthen our leading positions. We've also made decisions to exit certain markets that are less profitable, dilute resources and are not scalable. We continue to identify in which areas we can reduce our overhead cost. We remain on track with respect to the work required, and we'll continue to see operational improvement with a step up in the second half of 2014 after full implementation of these actions. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results, and I'll be back to update our 2014 outlook. 
David Petratis: Thanks, Patrick. Please go to Slide 11. We are affirming our previous guidance for 2014. Our full year adjusted year-over-year revenue forecast remains up 3.5% to 4.5%. We still see opportunity in North America for full year nonresidential growth in the low- to mid-single digits, weighted to the second half of the year. Of note, market growth continues to be led by traditional commercial segments with institutional segments lagging. Adjusted earnings per share are forecasted to be in the range of $2.25 to $2.40, an increase of 6% to 13% from 2013 adjusted earnings per share. We anticipate earnings growth will accelerate in the second half of this year due to higher volumes, 2014 European actions and a wider spread in the effective tax rate. Restructuring and spin costs are still expected to be $0.25 to $0.30 of impact during the year, resulting in a reported EPS range of $1.95 to $2.15.  The effective tax rate in the guidance remains at approximately 31%, reflecting the result of the new tax structure and tax pricing [ph] strategies executed in construction with the spinoff. Finally, the guidance does not reflect the potential risk of devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. Currently, there are 3 exchange mechanisms administrated by the Venezuelan government, each with a different exchange rate. Given the uncertainty to predict at what rate would be accepted under any supplement exchange rates, we believe that fixed official rate of 6.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar remains the most appropriate. Aligned with this decision, it is important to note that our Venezuelan business requires minimal imports to operate successfully, which minimizes the exposure that has challenged other companies that have a high dependence on imports. For more information on this topic, please refer to our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities Exchange Commission for the period ended March 31, 2014. Please go to Slide 12. We completed our first quarter as a stand-alone company, and I'm especially proud of our 8,000-plus employees who continue to put into place all the things that are necessary to operate independently, while staying focused on satisfying our loyal customer base. We strive to create peace of mind by pioneering safety and security and we continue to unlock the potential of Allegion. We delivered solid Q1 performance, while investing in the future. We remain committed to executing our long-term strategy of driving organic growth, adding bolt-on acquisitions, executing on operational excellence, EMEIA margin improvement and leveraging our tax structure. Last, we continue to execute a balanced capital allocation strategy to deliver shareholder value. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions. 
David Petratis: So, our #1 focus in Europe is executing a restructuring plan. We think that's 24 months to get this business at the profitability levels that we think are appropriate with the, really, the 6 markets that I described at Analyst Day that we can be successful with. Second, as we look at our portfolio, we believe there's areas in those markets where we can win, and there's areas in those markets where we do not have the scale or market positions to be successful over the long-term, and we will exit those markets. In terms of acquisitions, the region is not a high priority, but if there's a technology move that will complement the balance of our portfolio globally, we will go down those path. 
David Petratis: We will always be mindful of the returns that we can get on an investment like that, that complements our portfolio. But sometimes, in my history, when we see technology that can complement, you pay up for it. 
David Petratis: I believe that we have the strongest portfolio of electronic locks in the North American market, and that's reflected with almost a 50% market share. I'm very pleased with the profitability of this. I think what we're moving to with our new e-lock is a very strong position in open platforms. We were a bit handcuffed with potential buyers because of our lead with, what I'd call, closed platforms. And I believe we've got the best mechanical security, a class I lock with open technology that is purely keyless, and I think it positions us nicely for future growth. 
David Petratis: I've got no perspective on April. Clearly, better than what -- in terms of business volumes activity, better than we were seeing in January and February. [indiscernible] into the heart of the construction season and a lot of our activity here is driven by institutional activities that go on, on college campuses and schools, so I feel positive about that. We were out at the ISC West show, that was the best vibe that I've got at a tradeshow in the last 5 years. So no factual view on April, but we continue to be positive on the direction of the business. 
David Petratis: A couple drivers in Asia in Q1, the Chinese New Year takes a lot of wind out of our sails. I felt positive about activity coming out of South Asia. Our mechanical business had some decent traction. If we look at the historical trends on Asia-Pac, this is clearly -- we build momentum as we go through the year, and we'll see that. Our Bocom business that we talked about at Analyst Day tends to be more project-driven, and those projects gain momentum as we go through the year. Europe, I -- we label it as stabilization, but I was, again, energized. We're seeing some light in the markets that we participate, and I'm really pleased with Lucia Moretti's aggressiveness in the first month. The actions that we're taking, I think, are sending a strong message to our team and our customers that we're going to be focused on where we can win. And we will make investments and productivity improvements to complement that. So it's still -- we're a long way from recovery in Europe, in terms of the overall economic, and I think we have a little bigger challenge with our Southern European exposure, but we're going to focus on those opportunities and execute. 
David Petratis: I would add, in terms of Patrick and I and leadership of the business, this would be one of the key priorities for us. And we -- Patrick in particular, Shelly Metter [ph], have dedicated significant time, and we got our eye on it. And we'll continue to make sure that we've got a competitive tax rate. 
David Petratis: I would use of that as a positive view on our survey of the landscape that we continue to go through a recovery. It's going to be gradual. This is not a bounce back, but I like the indicators. We're sharply focused on the markets where we see there is opportunity. I think there is also areas of the geographical landscape that we could do a better job of getting our share or better. And we're investing to go after that, we are drilling down deeply to understand the market segment opportunities where we're performing well. And if there's gaps, what do we have to do to fill that. And I like our opportunity there. In a softer market, if it gets stronger, we're going to do even better. 
David Petratis: I would say 60% of our business is heavily driven by spec writers and quotation activity. These are projects, these are construction retrofits, and it's a clear driver. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so Jeff, let me tackle that a little bit, and just a little bit of background information, as we previously disclosed. Our Venezuelan business in total from a revenue perspective is about $60 million to $70 million per annum, so it's a small piece of our overall portfolio. And as Dave mentioned earlier, most of the business down there is sourced, manufactured, distributed and sold in the local markets. So we don't have a lot of imports. As a matter of fact, it's like $1 million per annum. So we're not really highly dependent upon exchanging local currency for U.S. dollars. If you kind of look at the decisions relative to this, the other thing I would add is that from my dividend perspective, we don't have the capability or ability to dividend money out, so that's one of the factors. The Sicad I rate currently is not available to us. It does come intermittently, but currently it's not available to us. And the Sicad II rate, as we understand, is a very illiquid market. One of which we would not advocate exchanging local currency for U.S. dollars given that exchange rate. So if you kind of look at all these factors, one, we don't have a need to exchange local currency to dollars, nor do we have an intent to do so. And third, it's not available, so our conclusion was it's best at this point, to continue with the official rate. We'll continue to monitor the situation. I think it would be a little bit disingenuous not knowing perhaps, what the devaluation would be at in the future to go forward with the devaluation. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so as we mentioned, I think we've made some really good progress there in margin improvement, and what you're seeing there is a combination of things. But primarily, you're seeing the benefits of some restructuring efforts we took in 2013, as well as some cost containment. Kind of going forward, we will continue to be profitable in all the quarters, and the step up improvement really begins to accelerate in both the second and third quarters. You may recall last year, 2013, the losses were actually accelerating in Q2, Q3, so the comparisons get easier for us. But we would continue to see margin improvements, and the biggest change you would see would be in Q3. Particularly as we begin to implement some of the actions we talked about, they'll be executed in 2014 in terms of exiting on profitable markets and pruning some of our cost structure further this year. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes. It's not a significant step up. It is a margin improvement both sequentially, as well as year-over-year. The step ups, really, from a significant perspective occur in Q3, Q4. We're still on target for the 300 basis-point margin improvement for the full year. And we'll be looking to exit the year on a full-year run rate basis in the mid-single digits from an OI perspective. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, you're exactly right. A lot of that increase there was related to Venezuela. We're offsetting the inflation in the market. We were successful, by the way, in doing that. If you look at the price increase for Americas, it's really carryover from the prior year, and I would call it around 0.5% or 1% would be the realization year-over-year and that stepping up a little bit in the back half of the year. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, and Charles, I would just add, in terms of the revenue growth that you see year-over-year in Europe, the majority of that on a reported basis was exchange related in the strength in the euro and the British pound relative to the dollar. If you exclude that, it was basically flat year-over-year. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, 13 is a good run rate. People sometimes forget some of the debt issuance cost that are amortized over the life of the debt, and that's the other component that's working in there. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So the pricing action, predominantly, was taken to offset the inflationary pressures that we're seeing in the market there. The -- it's not really tied to the exchange rate per se. But in the event there was or will be a devaluation, we do believe we could perhaps be a little bit more aggressive in the pricing front to offset some of that impact on a going-forward basis relative to the translation of those results. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so there's a nonrecurring charge and those numbers are reported in the 10-Q at both the Sicad I and Sicad II rate. But there would also be an ongoing impact on the translation of those results back to U.S. dollars. 
Patrick Shannon: No, because again, we're not going to be sitting on our hands doing nothing. We would help mitigate that with what we just discussed in terms of pricing actions and those type of things. 
Patrick Shannon: No, not really. The comparisons do get easier beginning in Q2. As we kind of laid out, this is an unusual business where roughly 1/3 of the revenues in the first half of the year, 2/3 in the second half of the year, we don't have a lot of variable cost structure in this business. But relative to what we're seeing in the marketplace, we would expect the margins to be somewhat close to last year in Q2 and then really starting to expand in the back half of the year. 
Patrick Shannon: So we're seeing productivity improvements throughout the globe. We are seeing it primarily through many things, but the value stream analysis that continues in our operations, the VAVE work that's being done by the engineering group, we're getting really good traction with that. So we're also seeing the benefits of the improvement in the margins in Europe associated with the 2013 restructuring activities. So that's lumped in there in terms of productivity benefits. And all of that is exceeding both our material, as well as labor inflation. 
Patrick Shannon: So our Electronics business growing at low double digits, we believe we've got a nice market-leading position there. And with our new products, we're going to continue to look at the opportunities to enhance that globally. 
Patrick Shannon: I would say it's steady. We're in competitive markets, but the market appears to be disciplined. Typically, we're competing on advantages in our product portfolio that allow us to be rewarded for the quality and engineering that we're putting in our product. 
Patrick Shannon: We have not disclosed that. They're -- collectively they're smaller transactions, each one kind of the 10 to lower-type of revenue numbers. So not a significant impact on a full-year basis. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so we would be looking to move forward in booking a charge. Most of that would be in Q2, and still working on the number. What we've kind of indicated in terms of our spent and restructuring cost, $0.25 to $0.30 per share. So the restructuring would be included in that, but not a significant charge. 
Patrick Shannon: Yes, I would just say nothing has really changed today from our last guidance, which you may recall, that we're looking to move our effective tax rate currently at 31% down to the mid-20's in the next couple of years. As we look at the land landscape of opportunities, I'm getting better clarity in terms of what those opportunities are. There's still lot of work to be done, too early, obviously, to declare victory. But I'm feeling pretty good in terms of the opportunities. As we continue to work on those, we'll provide more clarity as we go forward in terms of timing, magnitude, et cetera. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Just first on European margins. Nice eeked-out profit there in what is typically a pretty big loss quarter. If you could help us maybe on the cadence as we go through the year? I was surprised just given how much you were able to narrow that gap early on, why you're still able to -- or why you're still committed to the 4% target and why that may not move higher? So any understanding of maybe -- particularly, the 2Q to 3Q dynamic with some of the shutdowns later in the summer there of how we should think about the margin cadence the next 2 quarters. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you, that's helpful. And then, just moving onto the North American business, obviously, a lot of disruption for weather -- from weather. Can you give us a sense of how, maybe, March and April as you see it? Maybe you haven't closed yet -- trended on commercial versus resi to give us a better sense on how those are doing on an underlying basis. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Yes, the -- you mentioned the spec and quote as a forward indicator so I'm trying to use it, I guess, as the -- a forward indicator more near term. 
