John Stone: Thanks, Jobi, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. This current quarter was all about outstanding operational execution from the entire Allegion team, and I'm pleased with our performance. Electronics demand remains strong with in our opinion a long runway for further adoption. In the quarter, Allegion delivered mid-teens organic growth in electronics and software solutions globally, led by our Americas nonresidential business, which had another robust quarter. We already have the highest margins in our industry, and we're driving additional expansion at the gross and operating margin levels despite not having some of the mechanical volume tailwinds from a year ago. Our balance sheet is getting stronger. We delevered from the Access Technologies acquisition quickly and are now building capital to deploy for growth. Bottom-line, Allegion is poised for a record year in total revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share. As a result, we're raising our guidance for full year adjusted EPS. Please go to Slide 4. So Allegion's vision of enabling seamless access in a safer world remains core to our company culture, performance and results. Securing people where they live, learn and work has never been more important. We are a pure-play provider of security and access solutions. We have a great legacy of the strongest brands and the highest margins. We operate with excellence and are accelerating our year-over-year productivity with normalized lead times while still managing the massive SKU complexity that we manage in a made-to-order environment. This makes Allegion a partner of choice, and we're leveraging that unique position to promote the adoption of open ecosystems that maximize our addressable market. We're also delivering new value and access, continuing our drive to wrap software and services around our hardware solutions. This is the critical unlock of additional value for our end user customers for Allegion's growth and for long-term shareholder return. A great proof point of how our company is living this vision and strategy is the Allegion Ventures announcement we made yesterday. Allegion Ventures has made a strategic investment in Ambient AI, whose cutting-edge AI platform utilizes innovative technology to enable seamless access in a safer world. This is the largest investment in Allegion Ventures history, and it reflects the tremendous potential we see in Ambient and Allegion's collaboration to deliver new value and access. Please go to Slide 5. I'd like to turn to our capital allocation priorities. When I joined Allegion, we had just announced the acquisition of Access Technologies. And over the last year, I feel we've done a good job in quickly delevering back to pre-acquisition levels, while still investing in our business and returning cash to our shareholders. Allegion is an investment-grade company, and we expect to remain an investment-grade company. This is critically important to us. We will continue investing for above-market organic growth prioritizing projects and solutions that drive seamless access and make the world safer. We're a dividend-paying stock, and you can expect our dividends to grow commensurate with earnings over the long-term. We will also drive growth through acquisitions, considering complementary portfolios like you saw with the Access Technologies business, as well as Software-as-a-Service related to seamless access, like you saw with plano. High-margin recurring revenue businesses and bolt-on acquisitions that fill portfolio gaps in the hardware space will remain priorities. And while we may increase our debt for the right acquisitions, we've demonstrated the ability to quickly delever. Lastly, with regards to share repurchases at a minimum, we will continue to offset incentive compensation, and we will make additional share repurchases as appropriate. Mike will now walk you through third quarter financial results, and I'll be back to discuss our full year 2023 outlook.
John Stone: Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 11. As I mentioned earlier, our company is on track for record full year revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS in 2023. We're raising our full year outlook on adjusted EPS and affirming our full year outlook on revenue and available cash flow. We continue to expect the Americas segment to be 15% to 16% for total growth, 7.5% to 8.5% organically, led by our non-residential business, which is still expected to grow high single to low double digits organically. Residential business is expected to be down slightly as markets remain challenged. For international, we continue to expect revenue to be down 1% to flat in total and down 1% to 2% organically. All in for the company, our outlook continues to reflect total revenue growth between 11.5% and 12.5% with organic revenue growth between 5.5% and 6.5%. Based on our strong operational performance in the third quarter, we're increasing our adjusted EPS outlook to the range of $6.80 to $6.90, which is approximately 13.5% to 15% growth over the prior year period. Lastly, we still expect our outlook on available cash flow to be in the range of $500 million to $520 million. I'm very proud of the work of the entire Allegion team and our distribution partners over the course of this year and the record results we're on track to achieve. Looking forward, we'll provide our full 2024 outlook to you during our fourth quarter call, as we normally do. However, given the uncertainty in the market moving into next year, we wanted to give you some insights into our view of the market dynamics today. First, we expect growth in electronics adoption to continue, driven by the convenience and added security that digital identities and mobile credentials leveraging smartphone wallets provide to our end user customers. A shift from mechanical systems to electronic access control systems with connected hardware provides efficiencies and operating cost savings for buildings and campuses, and recent channel checks and recent end user visits in the institutional segments in Education and Health Care reinforce this trend. And while small today, our software solutions portfolio is growing, and we look to accelerate this growth into 2024 and beyond. In addition, while the most recent ABI headline dipped, the institutional segment has been very resilient over the last 12 months and 5 of the last 6 months still reading above 50. Allegion's context is important here. You'll recall that we're a late-cycle business and also rather heavily weighted towards the institutional segment. We have an auto door business with strong backlogs and a blue-chip customer base and a service business that continues to grow. Our channel is in good shape on inventory and our lead times across the portfolio are now normalized. Our supply chain has improved to the point where we can regain market share in the aftermarket space. Expected headwinds are well known at this point. Commercial office in major metro areas is indeed soft. It's been soft for several months now. However, that part of our business is only a low double-digit percent of our overall Americas portfolio. Weakness in residential and certain international market is expected to continue, particularly for mechanical products, which we've highlighted for you throughout this year. We expect productivity and recent cost actions that we have taken to help drive margin expansion into next year. And before we go to Q&A, I'd like to reiterate what I said at the beginning of the call. Allegion is in a good industry, and we're well positioned, thanks to the strong execution by our team. We've navigated industry cycles very well in the past. And with the improvements we've made to our portfolio and operations, we feel confident in our ability to succeed and drive continued organic growth and margin expansion. With that, let's turn to Q&A.
John Stone: Yes, Joe. I appreciate the question. I'd say again, the short answer, yes, we see organic growth in the future. I'd just keep bringing you back to Allegion as a late cycle business. We're heavily weighted towards institutional. If you look at Dodd starts, if you look at ABI, the institutional segment has been very resilient in the last 12 months or even longer. And so yes, we feel pretty good about that, both on driving organic growth as well as, just like you mentioned on the margin expansion side. So margin expansion might not be as robust as you've seen these last quarters, but we still feel well-positioned to continue to drive margin expansion productivity and as you heard and as you called out, the cost actions that we've taken here recently, still well positioned.
John Stone: Yes. That's tough to peg, Joe, like whereas is the bottom. For international, our portfolio spans Europe and Asia Pacific. And certainly, I think we see continued weakness in China, even though that's a small part of our portfolio. I'd say continued weakness would not be ready to call a bottom. On the portable security business, it's still a challenged market. There's no doubt about it. Time to call a bottom. We're definitely flirting with the bottom, I would say, which could provide a small bit of tailwind into next year and beyond. But you called out the most important piece, and that's the continued growth around our electronics and software solutions portfolio in Europe. They've been performing extremely well. We're continuing to invest in that business, like the bolt-on acquisition of plano. That team came on board and is performing very well, integrated very well with our Interflex team. And we see a really bright future there. And in the electronic space, yes, continued growth, and we will continue to drive investments to drive that growth.
John Stone: Okay. That's about 5 questions in there, Julian. Well done. I'd say on the channel destock, we feel pretty good there. I think our commentary in Q2 kind of indicated we didn't view this as a real long-term issue. And channel checks kind of prove that out. I don't think it's still a big headwind at this point. We've met with our 25 largest distributors in the past few weeks, and then that would confirm that. So again, there's still certain metro areas that are a little bit soft. There are still suburban areas that are quite strong, quite robust aftermarket, et cetera. So overall, feel pretty good along with the comments that Mike just shared. Let's see what else to mention there. I think with respect to the spec activity, spec activities still remain solid, and it's still hanging in there. And so we would expect that institutional heavy business to be driven that's the spec engine that we have to still remain solid as we move forward. So spec activity still remains strong for us.
John Stone: Yes. Great question, Joe. And I think the teams performed very, very well. Cash flow has improved very well this year. And we did delever quite well, and I think happy with where we're positioned. And again, as in the prepared remarks, building capital to deploy for growth. And I think for us, you can look for us to be acquisitive. You can look for us to look to fill portfolio gaps with bolt-on hardware solutions, like we did with Access Technologies or SaaS businesses like we did with plano. As long as things are the right strategic asset, the right leadership team, a business model, a culture that fits with Allegion and is in the sandbox of security and Access solutions, you can look for us to be acquisitive. Certainly not right to comment on any particular transaction, but we do expect to grow through acquisition and building capital to do just that.
John Stone: Yes. So I think resi mechanical, when we see our own results and we see some other industry participant results, it's a tough end market, let's just say. So I don't know that I necessarily attribute it just to destocking, but it's a soft end market with mortgage rates going up. House churn, if you will, or resale is certainly a bit depressed. Permits and starts, maybe if you look through a rose-colored lens, you see some green shoots of hope for the future. But I think that overall market is still depressed. When we think about our comps, I would just come back to there was a period of time in 2022 where we just couldn't ship our electronic locks even in the resi segment. And so the restocking phase was still going on until rather recently. And now you could say it's a more normal point-of-sale-driven business on the e-lock side. The mechanical side, I think it's just end market is depressed.
John Stone: And I think, Chris, this is John. I heard you squeeze in, a mention of Access Technologies in there. And you're right. I mean this is now considered in the organic part of the portfolio. And that business is performing very well. Again, you got strong backlogs, blue-chip customer base and a very healthy service business there. So yes, they've been performing well. Very happy with that acquisition.
John Stone: Yes. I think the way I would see that is similar to what Mike said. Given the rather dramatic volatility and upheaval that the entire industry experienced with the ramp in inflation and the pretty acute supply chain challenges in the latter half or actually, all of 2022. No parts in the first half to work over time, 6 days a week, et cetera, and over ship in second half. That is, at least in our view, normalizing. And I think you could see, as we progress on to another 2, 3, 4 quarters that cycle, Allegion's seasonality, et cetera, starts to look more normal. Our lead times across the portfolio are back to a more normal level. And so with the 9-month or so construction backlog, a lot of work still out there, book and ship business, like Mike said and a spec engine that's running all the time. Yes, I'd say we feel just normalizing is maybe the word that I would use, Chris. And that's what it starts to feel like. And again, our channel checks recently would indicate the same.
John Stone: Yes, I think in aggregate, mid-teens organic growth in the electronics and software solutions globally, quite proud of those numbers between new product launches and just good execution by the team. And I'd say the end user demand is still strong. Again, recent end user visits continue to reinforce this. I've been to a couple of large universities lately. And even though they've been on the electronics adoption for a couple of years, they're still just scratching the surface. One university was, hey, I've got -- I haven't even started on the dorms yet. I've just been doing classrooms and event buildings and things like this. And as budget comes next year and putting it straight to e-locks for the dorms, I mean, that's sample size of one, but it's indicative of what we're hearing in the end user base, particularly education and health care. I would say our electronics and software business in Europe is doing very well. Blue-chip customer base, great value prop on the electronic cylinder with the SimonsVoss team. And the plano acquisition adding a bit of inorganic growth into that space as well, and that's a space we'll continue to invest in. Very proudly, it's a tiny amount, but our solution for multifamily in the United States, the Zentra platform, that's a very simple electronic access control platform designed specifically for multifamily applications is now a revenue-generating product for Allegion. So cloud-based SaaS revenue is a reality. It's very small. We're just getting started, but we do expect to accelerate that growth. I think the end-user economic benefits of electronics adoption is important and it's real. And I think the smartphone wallet and this mobile credentials and that convenience and personalized security you get out of that will continue to drive end user demand. That's the main trend, David. I'd encourage you not to get wrapped around the axle about channel build or restock, destock, anything like that. It's really, this is end user demand driven.
John Stone: Yes. I would add just 1 comment there, David. Some of our flagship products, like the Von Duprin, exit devices like the [indiscernible], I mean, these are very proudly manufactured in the United States.
John Stone: Yes, Andrew. I really appreciate that question because I am just super proud of how the international team has been on this steady march of building momentum, increasing productivity, expanding margins without a volume tailwind giving them operating leverage to lean on. They've been doing extremely well. I would say the Interflex in particular, we're not going to call out a specific margin or a P&L for them, but that's a very strong business, let's just say. And we talk about them together with the other electronics portfolio in Europe, double-digit growth for us and has been for a while. Strong margin performance as well. And I think we put our money where our mouth is with the plano acquisition. And while that was rather small, the growth potential is quite large, the margin is very attractive, and the customer value delivered there between plano and Interflex together is very compelling. And Interflex is another one of those very special businesses. Like in this call, we mentioned Access Technologies has a blue-chip customer base. Interflex really has a blue-chip customer base. And we take pride in delighting those customers with good solutions and good service, and that business continues to grow very positive for us.
John Stone: Yes, Andrew, it's a hugely important point. When the supply chain challenges hit and orders started piling up and backlog started piling up, we were in the business of just shipping everything we could to make up for orders that had been in the queue for a long while. And then, obviously, aftermarket work is going to take a backseat to whatever, 3, 4 months' worth of backlog that's just sitting there in orders that you've already got to fill for project business and other things. So I would say I'd feel like when the supply chain challenges were at their worst, we definitely lost some aftermarket share to competitors that Allegion typically doesn't and shouldn't lose share to. We're now in a position with our lead times, our published lead times back to normal. Our delivery performance improving. Our supply chain performance is vastly better. We're in a position to now compete and gain that share back, and I think that's a real opportunity for us that has been a long time coming. But getting the lead times back to where they ought to be, getting the delivery performance up and getting our internal productivity better now puts us in a better position to get out and win more of that business.
John Stone: Well, thanks, everyone, for a great Q&A. And just to wrap up the main themes that I hope you heard today. Allegion continues to operate at a high level. Strong execution drove these Q3 results that include mid-teens organic growth in electronics and software solutions, continued margin expansion and a healthy balance sheet and cash flow, giving us good momentum going into next year. We're on track for a record year of revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS results in 2023. We will continue to drive organic growth and margin expansion, as we mentioned. In both the short term and the long term, I feel we're very well positioned to both build on our legacy and continue to invent and deliver new value and seamless access. Thank you. Be safe, be healthy. Have a great day.
Mike Wagnes: Joe, I might also add, if you think about that global portable, we've been calling that out all year. So it's going to be a soft 2023, all 4 quarters. So if you think about next year, it's not a big headwind, I'm sorry, a big headwind versus the current year because you do have 4 soft quarters. So I think it's important to understand that dynamic about global portable.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, Julian, if you think about the current year, so much of the current year growth rates are driven by comps in the prior year. So if you think about Q3, we last year really started to ramp our plants up as we got rid of that excess backlog in mechanical. That continued into Q4 last year. So this year, obviously, back half does have lower growth rates than first half. With respect to the two businesses, I think it's fair to say that non-residential certainly is healthier or stronger than the residential end markets. So as I think about a full year, think of non-res, double digits, right? And you can do the math to back into the Q4 implied. That residential, we are going to be down slightly this year as we put in the prepared remarks, which is we’ve been saying relatively that this year, whether it's down slightly or relatively flat all year. So you do have a dynamic where resi is a little weaker, as we've been saying, and the non-res led by institutional is hanging in there. But prior year comps do impact the year-over-year quarterly growth rates.
Mike Wagnes: I'd share this with you, Joe. If you look at our revenue growth, starting in Q3 last year, we started shipping those past due orders serving our customers. That continued, if you recall, Q1 this year, real large growth that we had. So you could think of that as a kind of a 3-quarter burn through that backlog type challenge and the customers adjusting to our new lead times. I think from that point on, we're kind of more normalized. We talked in Q2 about that item. So I feel that that's behind us. It's those 3 quarters where you do have that more challenging comparable on the non-residential mechanical business we talked about.
Mike Wagnes: No, Chris, if you remember on an organic basis in the summertime, we talked about, hey, we're burn through this channel destock. And we said it will be a little flatter this year than historically. So what you saw, we did get through that in the third quarter, which was what we expected. Now as we just think about Q4, sequentially, we're normally down. We're just not down as much as historically we may have been on a more normalized no channel and order pattern challenges that we had in the current year. So think of it as working through that channel item we discussed in the second quarter call.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, Tim. It's a great question. If you think of our business, if you remember, pure raw math, let's call that maybe 15% of our COGS, and the remaining 35% you could get have some element of metal in it from a source component. We would expect to see some favorability, as you've seen. We got some tailwinds in commodity prices versus previous peaks. However, I'd caution you, there's been significant inflation that we've experienced over the last few years in other elements of the cost base so that we're still in an inflationary environment, but you are getting some relief from the previous highs of the commodity costs. So hopefully, that kind of gives you some color for you to factor in.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, Tim, as you know, we put price increases in over the last 18 months because we felt so much of that inflationary pressure. We manage this equation price plus productivity to cover the inflation and the investments. If you think about pricing moving forward, think of us as a more normal business, which does our annual price increase in the kind of the beginning of the year based on an expected inflationary level. No more of the multiple price increases a year, I think that's behind us because inflation has moderated from the previous significantly elevated levels that you saw a year plus ago. And so just moving forward, just think of us, price plus productivity versus inflation and investment and most importantly, we price for value in the market that we provide our customers.
Mike Wagnes: David, as you think about imports, they play at the very low end of the marketplace in, let's say, North America, if you think of our non-res business, we tend to be really strong in the premium space with our institutional heavy business. We've been talking about this for years. We tend to be strongest when the customer values that premium offering of complexity and solutions that we provide. So a strong dollar or a weaker dollar is not something that we view as really going to be changing the dynamics of our competitive industry.
