David D. Petratis: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I want to start the call with some highlights from the second quarter. Allegion saw a strong top line revenue growth in the second quarter led by the Americas region, which saw solid volumes in both the non-residential and residential businesses as end market fundamentals continue to be solid. Pricing was good in both the Americas and European regions. Acquisitions are contributing nicely to the total company revenue expansion, and global electronics growth continues to be strong, which we see as a long-term trend. In the quarter, we experienced slight margin declines as acquisitions were diluted as expected. Excluding the acquisitions, adjusted operating margins were flat year-over-year as all three regions saw continued inflationary pressures. I'm very pleased with our ability to manage those inflationary forces and maintain organic margins through both pricing and cost actions, once again leading the industry. In the second quarter, we delivered double-digit adjusted EPS growth, driven by operational performance and accretive acquisitions. The EPS performance highlights our continued focus on driving increased shareholder value. Cash flow continues to be solid and increased year-over-year even after excluding the impact of the discretionary pension payment made last year. Please go to slide 5, and I'll walk you through the second quarter financial summary. As you saw in the morning's press release, revenue for the second quarter was $704.7 million, an increase of 12.4%, reflecting organic growth of 5.2%. Benefits from acquisitions and foreign currency tailwinds also contributed to top line growth. All regions grew organically. The Americas led the way with organic growth of 6.6% in the quarter, supported by solid volume in both non-residential and residential businesses. High-teens growth in electronics and favorable price. The EMEIA region saw organic growth of 1.4% against the tough comparable. And Asia Pacific, organic growth came in at 0.7%. Adjusted operating income of $150 million (sic) [$150.1 million] increased nearly 10% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin decreased by 50 basis points due to continued inflationary pressures, incremental investments, and expected margin dilution related to our recent acquisitions. Excluding the impact of the recent acquisitions, the base business operating margins were flat year-over-year, while EBITDA margins increased. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.25 increased $0.14 or approximately 13% versus the prior year. Additionally, we are updating our revenue and EPS outlooks. Full year reported revenue growth outlook is 12.5% to 13.5% and includes the recent acquisitions of GWA Door & Access business and ISONAS. Organic growth remains at 4% to 5%. Reported EPS outlook is now at $4.15 to $4.35 per share with adjusted full EPS outlook remaining at $4.35 to $4.50 per share, reflecting growth of approximately 10% to 14%. Please go to slide 6. Before I turn the call over to Patrick, I want to discuss our recent acquisitions of GWA's Door & Access business and ISONAS, both of which closed in July. The strategic acquisition of GWA Door & Access business including the renowned Australian brand, Gainsborough Hardware, bolstered Allegion's presence in Australia and significantly increases our scale in the Asia Pacific region. With this addition, we're enhancing our residential presence with market-leading positions and long-standing customer relationships, while accelerating our development of electronic security solutions. This is consistent with Allegion's growth strategy in the region and highly complementary to our core business. The acquisition also provides us increased distribution and allows for both revenue and cost synergies when combined with our existing business in Australia. In the Americas, the addition of ISONAS brings a strong pipeline of innovation that will benefit from Allegion's expertise in safety and security as well as our extensive market presence. ISONAS has edge-computing technology that provides innovative access control solutions for non-residential markets and will expand our intellectual property in this segment. ISONAS intelligent devices, like its popular integrated reader-controllers, utilizing power over Ethernet, making them easy to install and cost-effective for customers. Both of these newest additions to the Allegion family expand our core product portfolio, while accelerating electronic adaptation across the industry. We're confident in our ability to further expand the reach of their products and technology as well as increase their capacity for growth to drive shareholder value. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results and I'll be back to discuss our full year 2018 outlook.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 14. As noted on the slide, given performance during the first half and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising total and organic revenue growth in the Americas and tightening the range for both total and organic revenue growth in Europe. In addition, we are raising total revenue growth for Asia Pacific, reflecting the recent acquisition of GWA's Door & Access business in Australia, while taking down organic revenue growth in Asia Pacific, reflecting first half performance. This results in the consolidated outlook for total revenue increasing to a range of 12.5% to 13.5% and organic revenue remaining at a range of 4% to 5%. If we look closer at the Americas business, end market fundamentals remain solid. We see positive indicators in non-residential verticals and stable demand in single-family construction, combined with vigorous demand for residential electronic products. As I have mentioned in previous quarters, we continue to experience constraints across the construction supply chain, which causes delays in overall project construction. These delays can have an impact on the timing of our revenue and can cause some choppiness from quarter-to-quarter. European market indicators remain positive and continue to be bolstered by general macroeconomic conditions such as high consumer confidence and low unemployment that remain favorable to markets. The GDP in our key economies are growing, and total revenue growth continues to be assisted by FX tailwinds. In the Asia Pacific region, timing of projects can cause large impacts on growth rates from quarter-to-quarter. Similar to EMEIA, FX tailwinds continue to contribute to overall revenue growth. The large increase in total revenue outlook for Asia Pacific is to account for the acquired GWA Door & Access business. We expect inflationary pressures to continue throughout the year. As stated in the first quarter earnings call, we have taken actions to mitigate the impacts of inflation. The pricing increases announced last quarter for the Americas went into effect earlier in July. We're updating our reported earnings per share outlook of $4.15 to $4.35 and affirm adjusted earnings per share of $4.35 to $4.50. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 10% to 14%. As Patrick just stated, we're also affirming our cash flow outlook of $380 million to $400 million. Along with the revenue impacts of the recently acquired businesses, the EPS outlook also includes the acquisitions. Also included in the outlook is the assumption for investment spend of approximately $0.15 per share, which is an increase of $0.05 per share from our previous outlook. The increased investment spend represents an increase in our new product development and demand creation activities primarily for electronic products in the Americas to further accelerate growth, supported by our high-teens growth year-to-year. The outlook also assumes the full year tax rate to be approximately 15% to 16%, with the second half rate higher than the 14.8% adjusted tax rate experienced in the first half of 2018. Outstanding diluted shares included in the outlook are approximately 96 million. Please go to slide 15. In summary, Allegion total revenue grew more than 12%. Organic revenue grew just over 5%. Adjusted operating margins were down 50 basis points and were flat when excluding the impacts of acquisitions. Adjusted EPS saw nearly 13% growth in the quarter. Full year total revenue growth outlook increased to 12.5% to 13.5%, inclusive of the recent announced acquisitions. Full year organic revenue remains at 4% to 5%. Full year reported EPS outlook updated to $4.15 to $4.35 per share. Full year adjusted EPS held at $4.35 to $4.50. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
David D. Petratis: I would say it's comparable from what we saw a year ago. I think you can always expect some pull-through because of pricing actions. But as we ended the quarter and extend into the early weeks of July, demand remains strong. We particularly like the activity in the institutional space and feel good about demand through the balance of the year.
David D. Petratis: Yeah. So, Joe, as we indicated in the second quarter as well as year-to-date, a little bit underwater, not significantly when you look at that equation in terms of price productivity offsetting inflation. Our expectation given the price increase that goes into full effect this quarter is that pricing will improve sequentially in the second half compared to the first half. We're going to continue to drive productivity-contained costs and those type of actions. And so, we would expect in the second half that we'll be favorable on that equation in terms of price and productivity offsetting inflation. Inflation is expected to be a little bit higher than what we anticipated. So we're going to be driving price and productivity harder to help mitigate that going forward.
David D. Petratis: So think total U.S. res about $400 million. I would say our position in that market is strongly influenced by the retrofit. In new construction, especially the surge in multi-family, it's been led by opening price point. It's an extremely competitive part of the business. Our position is really in the retrofit and the growth in the electronics, and it yields one of the more profitable segments in that residential space compared to competitors. I'll say it another way. We make more margin on the sale of a residential lock than anybody else in the space. We've got excellent share and aren't aggressively looking to go position ourselves on that opening price point, which is an important space. But at the end of the day, we want to maximize the returns, so we play the game a little differently.
David D. Petratis: So we've seen our major global competitors fall in line. I think you've heard us talk that this industry is disciplined. I would describe Allegion as – led the way in terms of our price announcements, I think movement on discounts, and I think it reflected in our results versus the competitors. So, I think there'll be good price discipline and almost required with the amount of inflation this industry has seen over the last year.
David D. Petratis: Our premium brands performed well in the first half. Remember too that we've got initiatives through things like Pro Express to grow those price sliding brands and I think that's predictable. But the strength of our Von Duprin, Schlage and LCN brands are noteworthy in the first half. We have solid growth across the entire portfolio. You're aware of our channel led discretionary business which has – we introduced some lower price point products. Those are performing extremely well as well. So, we're getting good growth from those, which will be at the lower end. But no real mix issues within the commercial portfolio of products.
David D. Petratis: I think our large competitor reported this morning, looks like that's behind them. Their ERP challenges, you'd have to think there'll be some movement there. It's difficult in the big box space. So I'd drive it at that. Any price realization in that part of the market would be welcome. So think a little bit about that. We play in a unique space. In the residential retail, really like our electronics position. We're going to make some investments in the second half that we think will grow demand, product enhancements that will improve capability with some of the communication protocols that are solid products. And it's a little bit different positioning just in the lower part of the market. So, we think that market will continue to be active, especially around the retrofit, and it will reward us.
David D. Petratis: So, I do believe we're better insulated. I think we've got a superior supply chain. As I think about the residential market – as I think about the commercial institutional markets, opening price point, mid-price point, we got a better engine. And you start throwing in things like tariffs, there's importers that are going to have some challenges.
David D. Petratis: So, there is a transformation led by Jeff Wood who was sent to the region last year. He's put a plan together and he's executing on that plan. His OI was a little weaker in the first half. That was driven by strong project activity in the previous year. We really did well in the Macau region with the casino build outs. Those were good margin projects that can't be replaced. But the broader repositioning in that region is to more effectively position Allegion in the growth of electronics, and we like what we see there. And it's a little bit of a high wire act as we transform the year, but they're going to improve in the second half. And I think with the addition of Gainsborough and the other acquisitions that we've made, we're in a good position to move in coordination with the strategic plan over the next few years. You step back even 24 months ago, got out of – or got out of...
David D. Petratis: ...Bocom, we've got a clear driver to lower our cost structure and position the company that – in the end-markets that line up better with our strengths. And they're doing a good job with that.
David D. Petratis: I think the channels are different. We're competing on different product attributes and when you take one of our institutional products like a Von Duprin exit device, a LCN closer, the duty cycle that that delivers over its lifecycle is different and commands a higher premium than a residential door handle that needs to operate maybe for the cycle of ownership, which is seven years or less.
David D. Petratis: I think we always need to try and position ourselves for the pressures of inflation. We also have to be cognizant of our position. If you go into the retail, you'll typically see our brands are in the premium section. And as competition enters, we've got to be sensitive that we don't price ourselves out of the marketplace. There is a point obtained.
David D. Petratis: I think electronics, the growth of the access through electronics brings new entrants and to me the behaviors are predictable. I think we have navigated that pretty well with suspect – with commentary on the retail. Globally, I would say that we have done a good job executing our strategy with the opportunities that we have and the performance of the business, and our performance says that. I think...
David D. Petratis: I'll give you a second answer there, Andrew. I really like our opportunities around access and electronics.
David D. Petratis: It's a nice innovation. Our acquisition of ISONAS builds along those types of things. Our increased investment in the second half and as we go into 2019, we think the adoption of electronic access control is in its infancy. And we believe that Allegion is in a great position to drive seamless access across our customers. We think we can simplify and improve the user experience. We think we can improve security. And we're going to be aggressive to go out and help our customers, architects and end users, integrators to adopt that. We have continued to develop a very strong value proposition that we think will enhance the customer experience. So, in its infancy with great opportunities. I want to say one more thing. I couldn't be more pleased with our global electronic growth. We characterize that as high teens. In the fastest moving markets, we think that half of that in terms of overall market growth. And it's going to continue to be a priority for our company.
David D. Petratis: So, the European market moves a little bit slower, part of it's the complexity of that market from a mechanical standpoint. SimonsVoss continues to be a great capital deployment, really pleased with that advancement. I think something that may not have caught your attention is our investment in Nuki, which is important on the residential side of it. But look at Allegion to focus on some key verticals to bring our electronic, our mechanical capability together, to bring end-to-end solutions that we think will help us grow.
David D. Petratis: I think any time you've got development projects that are on the margins of returns as a developer, they're going to – when you see inflationary pressures that we've seen, they'll go back and sharpen their pencils. That typically results in, what we call, value engineering. And we think our Falcon and Dexter brands that we've been working on over the last couple of years give us the ability to stay in the hunt. This is an area of the business, when we created Allegion five years ago, that we would just fold our tent. So, we think we've developed the capability. There's always going to be projects like that. And yes, it's happening in the marketplace.
David D. Petratis: I think I'm proud of the team and – it's meeting the challenge of these inflationary headwinds. Pretty formidable. Throwing some chairs on top of that. I think we performed well. And it says a lot about the character of Allegion that we're going to defend the profitability of our business.
David D. Petratis: Tariffs really have a little effect on us. In some of the opening price point, mid-price point, it could be opportunistic, but to be determined. But in terms of how I think about the tariffs, it's really – they're rounding here, number one. Number two, I like the end market fundamentals. I think I'm mindful we're in one of the longest recoveries in history, but as I look out end market fundamentals especially around institutional, which we like, are positive, I think we comment on chop. Labor still concerns me. I just ran a price increase through, what are the effects of that. I think through July it seems like our demand continues to be solid. And I think as we've shown in the first half, we're going to be able to manage through the different variables and continue to operate at a good level here at Allegion.
David D. Petratis: The growth from 2017 to 2018 across the institutional segment was up. And we – as we look out to 2019, our anticipation is that it will stay at that level.
David D. Petratis: Yes. K-12, there's a demand for increased security. And college campuses and K-12 from an infrastructure standpoint are still trying to dig themselves out of the deficit that was created from 2008 to 2012.
David D. Petratis: We do source components in and products from China. It's common in the industry. We have the flexibility in our supply chain to make adjustments globally, and including in-sourcing. So our industrial teams, our designs are set up to be able to have the adaptability to respond.
Patrick S. Shannon: And I would just add that the price realization in the commercial segment has continued to be strong. And you go out with a total list price increase. You don't always get that. There's always going to be some discounts relative to that top line number, but that's just to remain competitive in the marketplace. But so far, we've been getting really good price realization in the commercial segment and would expect that to continue, particularly with the recently announced price increase that went into effect at the beginning of this quarter.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, you noted that we did increase the organic growth outlook for Americas specifically given the Q2 performance. And if you just kind of work the math, you would expect a little bit higher perhaps organic growth back half of the year relative to the first half. And so as Dave indicated earlier, like the demand that we're seeing in the end markets continues to remain real positive and we'll kind of continue to see how the market evolves in the second half of the year, but like what we've seen so far.
Patrick S. Shannon: The commentary on some of the price pressure on our residential mechanical portfolio, really, around discounts, not the price to the retailers or new home construction builders but more on the discount. So, a little bit higher than anticipated rebates, returns, promotional discounts, those type of things, which, quite frankly, can vary a lot quarter-to-quarter. There's peaks and troughs. You've heard us mentioned this previously on past quarters. And going forward, we don't – hopefully, we're not anticipating that type of activity that we saw in quarter two. So, it really depends on activity specific, big box retailers and those type of things.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, we don't give quarterly guidance, Rich. I think you're aware of that. But the seasonality itself doesn't really change in terms of top line relative to prior periods, if you look at the percentage of the full year. So, I would look at that. What I will provide is as we think about margins going forward, we indicated base business flat in Q2, still under water on a year-to-date basis, but that side of the business improving in the second half, so that for the full year, you're kind of on a flattish type of organic base business, excluding acquisitions from a margin standpoint.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, I would characterize – so you're right, 50 basis points headwind on margins, given the acquisitions. And I'll just reiterate that the acquisitions themselves are performing to plan, and just given the profile of the business, lower than our industry leading EBIT and EBITDA margins. And so consequently, they do collectively have an impact on our aggregate margins. Going forward, for the second half of the year, without getting into too much detail, you would expect a similar type of drag on the margins in the second half. And one of the issues going forward – not issue, but just kind of the tyranny of the math, if you will, on the Gainsborough acquisition, has a lower margin profile than even the acquisitions announced earlier in the year. And so that's going to have a – weigh a little bit more heavily in terms of the dilution on the overall margin profile.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So, if you look at the components of our inflation, a big piece of it is steel-related and that would not only be the raw material component but stampings, castings, those type of things that come through the broader supply chain. If you look at the cost on a per pound basis, it really hasn't changed since when we talked 90 days ago, whereas, as you mentioned, the zinc, brass, aluminum, et cetera, has come down. So hopefully, we get some relief going forward on that part of the equation, but it's really steel. And then as you mentioned, freights, packaging, those type of things, ancillary type of costs in our supply chain has increased higher than what we had originally anticipated.
Patrick S. Shannon: David, if you look at what we've put in the slides we said that commercial ex-acquisitions or nonres ex-acquisitions was higher than res. We don't give the exact numbers. But we did give some detail on the slide.
Patrick S. Shannon: So slightly positive, which requires us to be second half relative to first half to be more positive. So I think we mentioned earlier first half slightly underwater, managing the inflationary headwinds fairly well through pricing actions, and that's going to continue. But pricing improvement should – and productivity exceed inflation at the back half of the year.
Patrick S. Shannon: We'll see where that proposed legislation ends up. Any partial year impact states that it's not a significant exposure. We do a lot of in-region sourcing. And so, yes, there was an impact. We'll wait and see what the final legislation comes out. But any impact for this year is well-contained within our guidance. No problem there.
