Dave Petratis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'll start by walking through the third quarter financial summary. Revenue for the third quarter was $728.4 million, a decrease of 2.7% or 3.4% organically, which shows sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3. The organic revenue decrease was driven by continued economic challenges stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic. Currency tailwinds provided a boost to total revenue and more than offset the impact of divestitures of our business in Colombia and Turkey. Patrick will share more detail on the regions in a moment. Adjusted operating margin increased by 20 basis points in the third quarter. I'm extremely proud of the resiliency shown by the Allegion team. We executed extremely well and the cost management actions taken during the year helped mitigate the deleverage from volume declines. Positive price and muted inflation also helped deliver the operating margin increase. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.67 increased $0.20 or approximately 14% versus the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by favorable other income, tax cite rate and share count offset the lower operating income. Year-to-date available cash flow came in at $256.1 million, an increase of just over $26 million versus the prior year. Improvement in networking capital and reduce capital expenditures more than offset the lower net earnings. Please go to slide five. Access has been part of our company's heritage for more than a 100 years, and our vision of seamless access and a safer world are providing a sound foundation for our future. In the realities of a post COVID world, customers have new concerns and new needs for healthy environments. The importance of making home, work and institutions safer has never been so important to our customers and the needs for touchless access is not going away. Our business is disciplined and focused, prioritizing investments in our seamless access strategy. As a result, Allegion continues to deliver leadership and innovation across the portfolio. Our Schlage brand is 100 year old powerhouse that spans the globe. In the building channel, our mix of Schlage mechanical and electronic solutions continue to help us win projects, including the new development community in Florida with over 3000 homes. Allegion is further advancing seamless access for builders with electronic solutions that provide contactless home showings, and the Schlage Encode Smart Deadbolt continues to gain momentum in both residential, new construction and retail markets. On university campuses, among the first schools to adopt Schlage security solutions for Apple Wallet are the University of Tennessee, University of Vermont and the University of San Francisco. Allegion now supports contactless student IDs across Apple Wallet, Android and Google Pay. For commercial and institutional markets, we have a full suite of mobile-enabled Schlage locks and readers. In a post-COVID environment mobile technology, contactless hardware and readers in combination with wave-to-open actuators now extend our touchless options for interior and perimeter security. Seamless access also getting grabbed outside the Americas in Q3. SimonsVoss is celebrating its 25th year as an electronic access innovator, and was recently recognized in Germany as the number one electronic locking system manufacturer. In Australia, we just delivered the Gainsborough Freestyle Electronic Trilock for single family and short term rentals, giving the owner full control of access from a mobile approximately. And in Australia and in New Zealand, we introduced the Schlage Omnia fire-rated smart lock for multi-family and office settings. In the quarter we booked over 4 million in orders to support and provide seamless access touchless [ph] solutions to a global leader in social media to be delivered in ‘21. Our investments in seamless access are bolstered by global accelerators. Allegion's partner of choice and open credential strategy is an important accelerator. More than 45 physical access control software providers already integrate with Schlage electronic locks and devices. Many of them are moving to integrate to our mobile credential ecosystem as well. Our global accelerators include e-commerce, touchless access, and increased focus on visitor management and occupancy monitoring. Seamless access is providing to be a strong foundation for our future. Patrick, will now talk to you - walk you through the financial results. And I'll be back to later discuss our 2020 outlook and wrap up.
Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide number 13. As you know, we were one of the handful of companies who provided an outlook following Q2. With another quarter being behind us, and a bit more clarity, we are updating our outlook for 2020. In the Americas, we expect to see continued pressure on the non-residential business, as discretionary spending and commercial markets remain tough due to the people continuing to work from home. In institutional markets, the projects are restarted will continue to finish. The rate of completion may be slowed as restrictions for the number of people on job sites remain in place, and supply chain issues to the construction site. Residential markets are expected to remain strong in all channels we serve, Big Box retail, e-commerce and new construction. With these expectations, we are improving the organic revenue outlook in the Americas to be down 5.5% to 6% for the full year. We are projecting America's total revenue decline to be 6% to 6.5%, with a slight impact from the divestiture of the business in Colombia. In Europe, we saw sequential improvement in Q3 and we expect Q4 to be better than the year-to-date performance we have experienced. For the region, we now project organic revenue to be down 6.5% to 7.5%. Total Revenue includes currency tailwinds in the latter part of the year, as well as the impacts from the divestiture of the businesses in Turkey and is projected to be down 4.5% to 5.5% for the full year. In Asia Pacific markets were weak before COVID-19, especially in Australia. We expect that along with the weakness we are experiencing Korea to continue. With this backdrop, we expect 2020 organic revenue decline of 12% to 13%. In 2020, total revenue to be down 12.5% to 13.5%, with a slight impact from currency. We are projecting total and organic revenue for the company to be down 6% to 6.5%. We are raising our outlook for adjusted earnings per share to a range of $4.75 to $4.80. Although net investments are assumed to be relatively small in the revised outlook, we remain committed to investing in innovation that supports our seamless access strategy. This outlook reflects the reprioritization of investment to support the expected future of electronics growth. Our revised outlook assumes a full year adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 13%, as well as outstanding weighted average diluted shares of approximately 93 million. The outlook additionally includes approximately $1.30 to $1.35 per share impact from impairment and restructuring charge during the year, most of which have already occurred. As a result, reported EPS is estimated at $3.40 to $3.50. Finally, our revised available cash flow outlook for 2020 has increased and is now projected to be in the $400 million to $420 million range. Please go to slide 14. Allegion has strong business fundamentals and a proven ability to execute and adapt to a changing and uncertain market conditions. We have managed the business extremely well to mitigate the impacts of the ongoing pandemic. We remain ready to serve our customers and meet their needs for touchless access and healthy environments with our market leading brands. We will provide an official outlook for 2021 during our Q4 full year call early next year. But as we think about the remainder of the year, and begin to look at 2021, some key observations that we see are, as previously expected, commercial and institutional markets will continue to be soft in Q4 and in the first half of 2021, with a snapback in repair, retrofit and small projects beginning in the second half of next year. US state and local bond issues continue to be - moved ahead and supported by local communities. Residential end markets are expected to remain strong for the long term, as an under supply of single family homes is corrected. We will continue to manage our cost base to help aggressively mitigate any volume reductions. Seamless access software and electronics will drive growth and continue to be among our top investment priorities, they are our future. Strong cash flow generation will remain a focus with capital deployment to enhance shareholder returns. Going forward, Allegion will be leaner and more focused as we navigate the coming months and emerge from the pandemic. We have implemented restructuring actions during the year that have addressed the cost base in order to right-size the business. We will continue to evaluate business going forward and make necessary changes. Our execution and commitment to driving solid results will remain high. In closing, Allegion’s future is bright. We thank you. And we'll now take your questions.
Dave Petratis: So we don't provide specific guidance by quarter, you can obviously back into that relative to our full year guide. I would say, you know, basis of our Q3 performance, strong, both in terms of top line and operating income margin performance, you know, relative to the backdrop of what's going on around the globe. I would say you can kind of see similar type of patterns, in terms of both the non-residential and residential businesses and in terms of what you saw in Q3. But, you know, we'll continue to manage the costs to help mitigate any shortfall relative to the non-residential business and the margin impact. We do have a mix impact that's going on here relative to growth in residential, and, softness in non-residential business.
Dave Petratis: I would say, as we look at the res segment and the pause that, you know, was taken by all suppliers in Q2. We're at record backlogs and normalizing that will take certainly into early Q2.
Dave Petratis: Electronics will be positive in Q4. As you look at the year, our electronics, especially electronics mirrors our res and commercial performance, extremely strong and electronics res extremely strong, somewhat muted in commercial and institutional. Two reasons for that. The strength in residential electronics is driven by supply chain strength and an extremely strong position in the portfolio of our products. The Schlage Encode, the Schlage Connect, our KPL locks are some of the best products on the market. So where was the growth in the quarter? In Q3, we had a supplier affected by COVID. And we lost a couple weeks with that. The demand did not stop it, it affected our ability. And if you normalize that through the balance of the year, our growth in electronics, you know, led by res continues. So you know, feel good about that.
Dave Petratis: So, you know, I would characterize it this way, entering into Q3, we had stronger backlogs, particularly in the non-residential business, some of the projects were delayed in the catch-up and that type of thing. And so we were able to maybe operate more efficiently from a manufacturing perspective that helped the margin profile and the business. Two would be, in Q4 maybe a stronger negative mix component, relative to the residential, non-residential sales in the quarter, as well as within the channel and product segments within the non-residential business. So there is a lot of things going on there. But quite frankly, we will, as I said earlier, continue to manage the margin. Well, I was very happy with the progress we made relative to some of the mitigation on the cost side. And you saw that with strong overall margin improvement relative to the prior year.
Dave Petratis: So, Josh, you know, I would - you know, sorted out in my mind is we leave Q3 with record residential backlog, number one. As I think about bringing that backlog down to normal, it pushes us into Q2. It's not inhibited by our ability for throughput, you know, just with the small disruption. We have had - we have expanded capacity of our residential capability significantly. Demand is good. We've done a good job picking up builders, expanding space at big box. E-commerce remains extremely red hot, and I believe it's our ability to keep our customers in product that has built that backlog. I would say gaining share and a strong suite of electronics that has enhanced our position.
Dave Petratis: I'd add one other comment. I'd add one other comment, Allegion’s ability to flex that supply chain is impressive, as is impressive of anything that I've seen in my 40 years of manufacturing.
Dave Petratis: So barring a rupture, I believe, you know, we're lifting off the bottom. I was extremely encouraged by the ABI lift from 40 to 47. Our spec levels are just slightly lighter than last year. So I think that's a net positive. But I've also got to be cognizant, in our key markets, commercial, institutional, especially institutional, the priority is around keeping people safe, keeping people socially distanced, keeping people capacities properly managed. So in my mind, they're small projects, break fix, preventive maintenance that gets delayed, and I believe as COVID winds down in Q2, we're going to see a snapback in those types of projects. And, you know, things will move back towards normal as we get to ‘22.
Dave Petratis: I would say, you know, getting back to Patrick's comments, the slowdown, in some cases shut down in Q2 set us up for a nice backlog to saw through in Q3. We did a good job in that. Primarily commercial institutional demand has softened And we see that in Q4. That's how I describe it from a demand standpoint. As you look at the margin profile in that, the res demand is extremely strong, but we - you know, it creates a mix issue. Our commercial institutional is significantly more profitable. And those factors work through the fourth quarter.
Dave Petratis: So as I think at 2021, you know, I talked about spec writing, we're looking at, you know, at incoming order demand, especially, you know, project related, and the backlog. You know, incoming project quotes, again, muted. Our backlog, if you look at it over 36 months, is in the low end of the range, it's not unhealthy. But we would typically go into a softer backlog this time of a year, but again it's on the low range, then, you know, you've got - you know, to get your crystal ball out and my crystal ball, the economics that we continue to look at, suggest softness, and that's what we suggest.
Dave Petratis: I would add to it from an M&A position, we can go where we need to go. We've got, you know, the dry powder and firepower, I think it's an, you know, an enviable position, leaning harder towards electronics, software that accelerate and add capabilities to our value proposition.
Dave Petratis: So I've had more dialogue on the educational side, and I'd say generally optimistic, and in line with the Bank of America research. As I've had new dialogues, you know, with a few university presidents, their capital projects continue to move forward and have funding at the state level or the private level, depending on the institution. I think there's something to recognize within that, though, Andrew, is the small projects, the break fix, the preventive maintenance, those facility teams are inundated [ph] by just the problems of the day in dealing with students at all levels. So I tend to be net positive and in that college campus K through 12, Allegion will get more than its fair share of the business. On the hospital side. I see the opportunity, the hospital system has been severely tested and investment will go back into that, but it will be second half of ‘21 and into ‘22.
Dave Petratis: You know, we continue to execute our ground game in terms of the discretionary working with our wholesale partners. A large partner, just shifted completely to Allegion, opening price point, mid price point project. So it continues to be a net positive.
Dave Petratis: Yeah. And I would say the command of our supply chain helps us there, when things are locked up, you know, because of challenges in other parts of the world. Again, you've heard me say, Andrew, our supply chain is simpler, and it gives us opportunities to have dialogues, we can keep the flow of product going.
Dave Petratis: So I would characterize it as you know, solid performance in Q3 in year-to-date 2020. We will continue to push and remain competitive in the market. You're correct, there's going to be some inflationary pressure associated with input costs on commodities, you know, things like steel, and aluminium. We'll continue to push the price dynamic to the extent we can, and again remain competitive. But I would think about it, as you know, we're 1%, maybe a little bit lower realize, kind of on a go forward basis.
Dave Petratis: We can identify projects and early adopters, but the momentum of those projects will pick up once we get on the other side of COVID. Unless there's a burning need - when you go in and increase or improve your infrastructure to touchless, waveless connected, it's a bigger project than somebody wants to take on in the middle of a fire fight.
Dave Petratis: So when you think about readers, kind of think about light switches, they are ubiquitous, they're in every room. Is one light switch differentiate another? The answer is no. It's important in the sequence, but what we're really after is to eliminate the card and move that to your edge device, your cell phone. That is going to happen. That's the opportunity that we're going to exploit which complements the touchless environment, it complements higher security levels, because you can not only have one level, but even triple levels of authentication. And you don't ever - you get immediate, you know, what we call the arbitrator of access. With a click of a button access is granted or denied eliminating the needs of cards. That's our opportunity.
Dave Petratis: I would say impressive strength in the e-commerce, you know would indicate share gains. If we look at point of sale, we continue to gain momentum and strength. And it's really across all sectors. I don't think that when people are spending more time in their homes, they're thinking about how do I upgrade and improve my space. I think across DIY, you see that extremely strong trend, one. I think two, the rise in demand for single family home, whether existing or new, we're benefiting from that. Remember, Allegion tends to be the replacement lock of choice. And then we have a suite of electronic products that maybe the best in the industry. And then our supply chain, we have product available, have been able to provide it. So all of those channels, in some cases, our specials, our returns are extended because of the increase in demand. But I think several factors there that are really showing off some res performance. I'd add one more to and I commented on it. Our ability to take our demand up is as good as I've seen in 40 years of manufacturing.
Dave Petratis: With the exception of that one supplier, no disruptions. That doesn't mean the supply chains are not under pressure, but we tend to produce in region and that you know, certainly helps us just think time on the boat. But it's one of the proud points of Allegion. We've been working on that supply chain even under Ingersoll Rand. The simplicity of it, the leanness of it, some of the vertical integration that we did over the last few years as we invest in Allegion has really come back to pay dividends.
Dave Petratis: So I think a very good quarter in EMEA, number one. Number two is strengthened our SimonsVoss franchise, which would be SimonsVoss Interflex. Our leader there, Bernhard Sommer really put his foot on the pedal, as we went into the pandemic, had some supply chain strengths that winning in allowed him to capture projects. I also thought our Interflex business did extremely well, which is access software control time and attendance. That business, you know, under some pressure because of - they do a very good job at servicing large manufacturers, especially the auto, aerospace industry, you know, executed well. And I think the numbers suggest that. The other one that's hidden, Jeff is our - what we call global portable security, excellent execution and leadership by John Stanley. Think about it, you can't walk into a bike shop today and find a bike. And that demand has come right into our wheelhouse. We also have been investing in connected technologies that help the location of your bike platform. You know, won some nice business because of that connected capability in the GPS business, that'd be my comments and you know, for the Europe business.
Dave Petratis: NFC remains important. We're investing and partnering in technologies like thread that you're probably the only person on the phone that's aware of a thread technology And I think we continue to be very comfortable on our foundation of being open. And, you know, making good segmentation decisions that allow Allegion to grow, but also servicing our customers.
Dave Petratis: Again, margins consistent at a higher selling price. What fascinates me is our position in seamless access opens up new business opportunities, in terms of helping customers simplify their world. So an example of this would be at the University of Texas Austin, where we are the sole supplier on access, they manage 80,000 credentials today. I can get them out of that business and provide new value propositions, higher level of security that I think you know, customers will be more than willing to offer, create a new revenue streams and ecosystems for Allegion.
Patrick Shannon: Yeah, Julian. I would characterize it this way. You may recall, in the last quarter conference call, we kind of outlined what we are doing this year, you know, there's $80 million kind of cost reduction take out for 2020. And we characterize that as kind of three components, which was the discretionary, variable, structural, permanent type of cost savings. And if you look at those specifically on the permanent structural cost savings, to answer your question, we've been added, you know, pretty solidly, I'd say, over the last couple of quarters. We're now hitting, I'd say a full stride, in terms of the cost takeout associated with that. We've identified some additional measures as well, that will help us into 2021. So there's carryover benefit, particularly in the first half of 2021, that will help mitigate some of these variable components that Boomerang back next year. So I look at those, you know, maybe we're a little upside down. If you kind of look at those two independently and sum them up. We will continue to evaluate our cost structure going forward and adjust as necessary. Basis of future demands are always looking at that. However, we will continue to invest in the business, that's a core part of our strategy, particularly on the seamless access and growth opportunities associated with that, to really position us well on the growth prospects associated with that going forward, as we exit COVID-19. So there's going to be some pressure there relative to those components, and then you're going to have unfortunately, unfavorable mix associated with strength in residential, better than anticipated and some continued softness associated with the no-residential markets.
Patrick Shannon: So first on the M&A, I would say, you know, core part of our strategy to continue to evaluate opportunities that are core in our business, expanding product or our market presence, important, continue to evaluate where we can look at assets that help us from a technology perspective, particularly around this whole connectivity, and seamless access, and then participating in that growth. So we're active, looking at various opportunities. I would say, there's fewer assets on the market, specific and core to our business. And, so kind of if you assume that there's limited M&A activity, we would pivot more toward shareholder distribution, which we - I just want to clarify, we are in the market, and will be in Q4 to help, you know, continue to put cash to use for the benefit of our shareholders, enhance shareholder returns. We think it's a good investment, relative to where we trade today. And so we'll continue to be active in the market.
Patrick Shannon: So Deepa, on the margin profile, the electronics with the similar type of margin is your traditional mechanical, but a higher selling price and therefore more EBITDA. So to the extent we can continue to push electronics, which we are and we will, that benefits us from an earnings growth perspective.
Patrick Shannon: Deepa, I would say this, if we didn't have the supply disruption from a supplier, we would have had one of the strongest residential quarters in the company's history.
