Dave Petratis: Thanks Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased with the Company's third quarter results. We continue to deliver profitable growth that reflects continued execution of our growth pillars as well as the benefits of investments in the business. Third quarter revenues came in at $581 million growing 6.7% over prior year and reflecting organic growth of 5% as well as the benefit of prior year acquisitions. Americas had organic growth of 5.6%, which was driven by solid revenue growth in our non-residential business. Europe organic revenues grew at 1.6% and our Asia-Pacific business grew at 7.3% organically. If we exclude the previous fully divested systems integration business, revenues from prior year amounts, the Asia-Pacific business achieved organic growth of 10.6%. Adjusted operating income of $126.7 million increased 8.4% versus the prior year. Overall, operating margin improved by 30 basis points, driven by continued price realization, volume leverage and favorable mix, which was more than offset by incremental investments, which was the headwind of 70 basis points. Americas and Asia-Pacific saw year-over-year improvement and adjusted operating margin with Europe being slightly down. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.93 increased slightly versus the prior year period and driven primarily by improving operating performance. As a result, we are reaffirming our full year guidance of organic revenue growth to a range of 5% to 6% and total revenue growth of 8% to 9%. In addition, we are updating and tightening our full-year adjusted EPS guidance to $3.38 to $3.43 per share. This EPS guidance is inclusive of an estimated $0.03 impact from adoption of a new accounting standard for stock-based compensation in the fourth quarter of 2016. Please go to Slide five. Shifting a bit from the financials I would like to talk about the electro-mechanical convergence in the industry and one of our upcoming product launches. With our pioneering brand and emphasis on innovation, Allegion continues to lead our industry in electro-mechanical convergence and innovation. Electro-mechanical convergence doesn't mean we're asking customers to completely convert to electronics security products. We encourage them to use electronic solutions to complement the mechanical. We're discussing both mechanical and electronic to enable the optimized balance in addressing the physical security needs and unique applications that are secure, cost-effective and convenient to use. The latest addition to the Schlage lock family, the LE Series, exemplifies the electro-mechanical convergence in a commercial environment. This connected mortise solution will complement our Schlage NDE Series for doors with cylindrical prep and Schlage Control for deadbolt applications, all part of our ENGAGE Connected platform strategy. The locks are able to work with the systems that end users already have in place to extend the benefit of electronic access control to more doors deeper inside the building. Schlage Control NDE and the LE Series locks can also be managed as an off-line solution, with the ENGAGE mobile app. This provides building owners and access control solutions that are simpler and more cost effective to manage their mechanical keys alone. Allegion will continue to embrace electro-mechanical convergence, balanced, seeing convenience and security through products like Schlage NDE and LE Series, Schlage Control for multifamily, and Schlage Sense and Connect for single-family residential applications. Patrick will now take you through the financial results and I'll be back to discuss our full-year 2016 guidance
Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide 13. We are reaffirming our 2016 guidance for revenue and updating and tightening our guidance for EPS, as noted on the slide. Total organic revenue guidance remains at a range of 5% to 6%, and total revenue remaining at a range of 8% to 9%. If we look closer at the Americas business, non-residential markets continue to perform well and we expect slow and steady improvement in our core non-residential segment. Modest growth is expected in institutional verticals and solid growth in commercial markets. Residential market indicators still suggest continued growth, as new housing starts remain stable but still remain below historical average, with resilient strength in the multi-family segment. Strength in the housing is offset by challenging conditions in big-box retailers. European markets have stabilized and we continue to see modest growth in our core geographies, which is reflected in the increase in our organic guidance and are leveraging our broader portfolio to accelerate growth. In Asia-Pacific, we continue to make progress with a focus on mechanical and electrical hardware solutions in growth verticals. We are tightening our EPS guidance by raising the low end of the range. We are also updating both ends of the guidance for an estimated $0.03 impact related to the adoption of accounting standards for stock-based compensation. With these changes, we are guiding full-year adjusted EPS at $3.38 to $3.43 compared to guidance of $3.30 to $3.40. As we look to 2017, we see markets remaining steady, with modest expansion globally. North American markets are expected to continue to be solid while European markets are expected to be modest. Additionally, we see growth potential in the Asia-Pacific markets that we participate in. Please go to Slide 14. Let me finish by reiterating that I'm very pleased with our third quarter execution and results. As a summary, total revenue grew close to 7%. Organic revenue grew at 5%. Operating margin increased 30 basis points. It was a sixth straight quarter with year-over-year margin improvement. EBITDA margin grew by 80 basis points. EPS grew year over year despite below the lowering pressure. These are strong numbers. We are reaffirming our revenue growth expectations for the year, have tightened the range for our full-year EPS outlook and have adjusted our available cash flow guidance to the high end of our prior range. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: As I stated, we remain positive on 2017. As we look at our core activity, our backlogs going into the year, these are positive. Had spent some time over the last few weeks working with our forecasting team, our outside advisors, and see a positive expansion in the institutional markets as we move into 2017, see some improvement in healthcare. There's some spots of weakness in commercial, but we're net positive. I think second, our attack on segmentation in the market is servicing us well. This is the tenant retrofit/replacement light commercial markets. We think even if the market would soften, which I'm not suggesting, that there's enough self-help out there, convergence that we can put in, growth aspirations that are in line with our long term plan.
Dave Petratis: Yes, sure, Steve. As you are aware, Q3 normally seasonally is a weaker quarter given some of the shutdowns in the European area. As you mentioned, it was a little bit disappointing to us, I'd say a couple of factors to that specifically. One was, as you are aware with a facility closure we announced last year, moving from Italy to a third party supplier is taking a little bit longer than what we had originally anticipated. We're still getting some benefits, but not getting as much as we had anticipated in the quarter and the year. It's more a timing issue as we finish that transition. At the beginning of next year, we will fully realize the benefits there. Secondly, in conjunction with the acquisition of Trelock completed at the end of Q2, start off problems, the seasonality of the business is lower in Q3. A couple of operational hiccups. Not a big business, but weighed on the margin expectations. A little bit of inflation headwinds as well but I think more importantly, I look at it and step back and say, is the region off on the right trajectory? And the answer is yes. We finished the quarter with really strong backlog and it was one of those quarters that started out slow. It continued to progress positively in the back half of the quarter, so we ended the quarter with strong backlog that supports an improvement in organic growth, sequentially and year over year for Q4, and we would expect the margin dollars and margin improvement to continue in Q4 as what you're seeing historic in the last several quarters. And I would just remind you historically when we started this journey three years ago, it's been -- we had in EBIT margin of like 1% and now we're marching towards the objective of 10% and going forward, we would expect kind of continuous improvement going forward, so... 
Dave Petratis: So I think you won't see quite the improvement as what you've seen obviously the last couple of years but there will continue to be improvement, and the margin going forward as we look at the 2017. That's going to come from continuous improvement and productivity, operational excellence, getting some more synergies from the acquisitions that we completed last year and those type of things. The broader market, our larger competitors run between 10% and 15% OI. We're going to be there and we're going to continue to march towards the high end of the range. As we improve the portfolio, strengthen our customer value proposition, we think we're a credible player in that market versus our peers
Dave Petratis: Yes, higher than what you saw in our overall growth numbers, so with this electro-mechanical convergence growing faster than mechanical. I think on a year-to-date basis, we're up low teens area so it continues to drive faster growth than the traditional business
Dave Petratis: Yes, I would say it's a steady growth. We, on the resi side, the electronics adoption continues to expand, seeing really good growth there. The non-residential segment as well so I wouldn't characterize it as significant growth. Remember last year, we had some load ends, particularly on the Schlage Sense product that we introduced in the back half of the year and so that's making the comparisons a little bit more difficult year-over-year. You need to think about this. The mechanical business low single digits, the electronic business globally at high single-digits, so let's say 8%; and I think mid-teens improvement over the long-term in the electronics is a pretty good place to be.
Dave Petratis: This business naturally winds down as we run into the fourth quarter. I think we're looking realistically at the Americas growth in terms of what it will deliver. I would just add, again, our guidance didn't change in America's and so it was expected that sequentially the growth would be down in Q4 relative to Q3, and again, difficult comparisons, particularly on the residential, we had a lot of load ends associated with our new electronic locks in the residential Schlage Sense products, so that was a primary driver there at comparisons.
Dave Petratis: Yes, so the expectation is that we would remain at 100% conversion ratio. You've seen that over the last couple of years. You're aware, obviously, that if you kind of look at the components of our cash flow, not a heavy capital requirements. CapEx, we would expect to be, call it, 2% of revenue. Believe we can kind of maintain that level. Working capital, we've done a really good job to accelerate the velocity and turnover of receivables and inventories and so see a 5% to 6% revenue type number there. And so, even with growth continuing going forward, we would expect that we could maintain kind of the 100% conversion ratio, 2017 and beyond.
Dave Petratis: I would just add, too, Jeff, this electronics and the electro-mechanical conversion, particularly on resi and the ability to accelerate the rate of adoption, so you'll see more investment dollars for demand creation, whether it be merchandising, advertising, those type of things on the resi side, continue to invest in our NPD to accelerate New Product Development. Get a higher vitality index is important to us. And like you said, we're seeing incremental revenue growth, a little bit faster than market, and the return on capital on these investments are significant. Very quick cash-on-cash payback and so we'll continue to make the investments to drive top-line growth and return on capital for our shareholders.
Dave Petratis: We'll balance based on the opportunity that specifiers in the market gives us. You go into the market like Dallas. We really drove that mortise application, so we think adding the LE with the mortise capability and continue to expand a full range of electronic products will help us complement the spec capability and renovations capability that we have in the marketplace.
Dave Petratis: I don't see it. I never want to get my head in front of my skis. We'll spend some time with you in the first part of next year at our Investor Day to sharpen our perspective on this. I think the Company is well-positioned. I think that the segmented approach that we're taking to the market will export to Asia and Europe and trying to create our own capability that I think our range expectation for growth is in line with what we can deliver.
Dave Petratis: So, all toggles are available. Our cash build gives us optionality here and I'd say we're fully engaged on the acquisition front. We're busy. We're looking at files around the world. I was energized by my recent visit to the Essen Trade Show in Germany, plenty of things for us to consider, and -- but all toggle available.
Dave Petratis: Our shareholders, they manage for the long term. I think my energies and the team's energies are better positioned on annual goals and driving towards that. I think we at the end of the day, are a $2 billion Company and our energies are better focused on the long-term versus and giving you good focus on what we'll deliver on an annual basis versus dancing on a quarterly basis.
Dave Petratis: Andrew, its big-box and it's opening price point. I look at the overall P&L management of the res segment and feel good about it. Mid-single-digit growth for the year, an improvement in our profitability, you'll look at us investing back in that overall rest segment to accelerate the electronics over the next 12 months, and that's kind of how the -- it places. We look at -- in terms of new construction and renovation on the residential segment, as being positive going into next year. But we've got to pick our spots. The replacement and renovation market is always been good for Schlage brands and we think we have an opportunity with the strength of our electronic products to create some demand as electronics convergence moves forward.
Dave Petratis: I think -- I hope you have thought about how our repositioning in the market. We're focused. We're going after specific verticals, executing well in Australia and New Zealand, and I think it's going to give us above-market growth opportunities. Patrick, I'll let you talk about the margins.
Dave Petratis: We are competing in the segments that we attack on spec-driven type work similar to what we do in Europe and the Americas, and high-valued electronics. A lot of the Asian market is opening price point but there's plenty of us room to operate and I think carve out a pretty good business that's been reflected over this year.
Dave Petratis: Yes, so going back strategically, right decision to divest the business. You may recall long earnings cycle, with government municipalities, bad return on invested capital, and so divesting the business, given that we had nothing really to leverage within our portfolio. Good move there. The write-down last year was just based on the anticipated consideration that we were going to receive. And what's happened since the sale, basically, is the business has deteriorated relative to its future ongoing cash requirements, the receivables, coming in lower than anticipated, again, from the government municipalities and so you look at what the expectation is going forward and we determine that the consideration isn't collectible at this moment, will continue to endeavour to do what we can to work with the business, to collect on those monies. But right now, don't anticipate any collections. It has no impact relative to our available cash flow projections. As indicated, we upped our ACF guidance has no impact, really, going forward. It was not included in our guidance to begin with and so it's just -- it's unfortunate but one of those things that's happened given the deterioration in the business in the broader China economies.
Dave Petratis: Electronic development of our entire portfolio and this would include exit devices, locks, the smart closers, will continue to be a high priority in our investment, capital deployment decisions. I think any time when you introduce new technologies, when we have the success, the market tends to normalize. And low double-digit growth is significantly above the 8% -- 6% to 8% growth that is forecasted for growth for this globally. So feel good about the opportunity. There is 1 billion locks in the world and the penetration rates globally are low. We think it's one of the bright opportunities for Allegion going forward.
Dave Petratis: So, not going to give specific numbers on our research but total institutional, as we move into 2017, positive, education, positive, I think, builds on our comments. The state budgets, municipalities budgets are in line. We've been pretty active in K-12 security. Tim Eckersley, our Head of the Americas, was just given a national award on this. We participated in a forum with government officials. There's tightness of funds but K-12 security, infrastructure, we see as a positive as we move into 2017, including higher aid [ph]. Hospitals, our total healthcare, a bit of a mixed bag. We see 2017 as a positive in hospital construction, but I would say modest. What's happening there, more medical office and clinics but that typically comes at a lower price point and lines up nicely with our initiative to go after some of this light commercial. So total institutional, as I look from 2016 to 2017, positive. The commercial, we'd say slightly flat to slightly up, but the Allegion perspective, as we move into 2017 at our core markets in the U.S. is positive, Jeff.
Dave Petratis: The retrofit market chugs along. Even when in the bottoms of the recession and budgets are tight, it's the gift that keeps on giving. If you've got a lock, exit device or closer, I think, my view on the retrofit replacement market is, again, net positive.
Patrick Shannon: I would add the Allegion model is set up for cash flow. We have made investments in the business in inventories to support ProExpress new regional warehouse locations and we're continuing to improve the cash flow characteristics of the business. I think we've got a good handle on the equation and that goal of 100% of net earnings is important to our team.
Patrick Shannon: Without showing all my cards, remember we continue to attack the $1.6 billion U.S. market opportunity that we call part of the retro -- repair, renovate light commercial space. Our first move was really after the retrofit and renovate with mid-priced point products that's supported by ProExpress. The next move is more target that light commercial space. We're lightly stacked, fast-moving general contractor decision-makers, is where we think we can harvest some growth, Jeff.
Patrick Shannon: The types of investments that we will be making in terms of trying to prime the market will be cumulative over time. We think with the electronic convergence and style and design, we have to create market demand and it will build as that awareness grows.
Patrick Shannon: I've always said with our Schlage Sense, I want 200 every Christmas tree. That might be Christmas 2018 but this is part of what we're trying to drive in the marketplace. When I go to my college dorm, I can use a credential, a smartphone to get in. When I got home, why isn't my home better connected? And that's what we're trying to move. Second would be style and design. Look at like some of the DIY shows. They're upgrading the whole house and missing the hardware. This is movement that we're trying to make happen in the marketplace.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so on the target this year, I mean you're right. We had range of $0.10 to $0.15, probably mid to high point of that for the full year, so you're going to see a step-up sequentially in Q4 relative to Q3. We're still in the throes of our 2017 annual operating plan and so no specific color on that. We'll continue to invest in the business, if we think it's a good return on capital, and we can drive accelerated growth faster than the broader market, so more to come on that on the next call. Relative to the price inflation and investment equation, I mean, we've always said that we manage the business to ensure that if you look at those components, those inputs, you try to net those out to zero so that -- of the effect of incremental volume, you get margin expansion. That's the financial model that we are trying to drive. You saw that in the quarter. You've seen in the last six quarters, and that's the continuing expectation. To the extent inflation rises faster, and we're seeing that in some of the inputs, particularly on steel, which is up like 40% relative to where we ended Q2, the expectation over an extended period of time, is we'd be able to offset that in price. We've done that historically. There's always going to be a timing gap. You can't go out in the market and do that immediately but that would be the expectation that we could -- we'd be able to offset the inflationary pressure with price, and we can drive productivity, operational excellence, and do some things leaner at our facilities.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, it would be a little pressure point, but given our guidance, the expectation will be some continued margin expansion in Q4. So you're not seeing the full effect of that and we did go off the price increase in October you don't see the full effect of that, because the bids and order activities protected on some of that into next year. So again, there's always some carryover on that and timing relative to the input cost.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, margin, as you've seen, has continued to expand some of that, obviously related to that the divested Bocom business last year but organically, getting good top line growth and that's helping to accelerate the margin improvement there. We outlined on the last call, I think, the long-term objective to get to 10%-plus type of OI. I don't think that's in the next 12 months but I would expect to see continued improvement as long as the region continues to show strength and its organic growth opportunities
Patrick Shannon: Yes, exactly. So at the time of disposition, again in Q3 last year, the expectation was there would be some consideration to be received from the collection of receivables on that divested business that would then funnel to us, and now the outlook we're saying it's unlikely that we will have any monies coming our way associated with that.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so on the taxes, so the 18% full year guidance includes the $0.03 one-time benefit from the accounting change on the stock-based comp, so you'd really have to back that out and you get to a range that's really closer to our original guidance, the top end of 19%, so that would be kind of the going forward position, if you will. And then, as we put together our budget and plans for 2017, we will give you more guidance on that going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Well, I think long term, 40% probably a good expectation is what we would anticipate. You're right. We got really good leverage at our operating facilities on the incremental volume but long-term, 40% probably a good barometer to use. As we mentioned previously, as the business continues to grow, and we can manage the inputs, inflation, productivity, pricing, investment, et cetera, we should continue to get some incremental margin improvement going forward.
