Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide 15. As can be seen on the slide and was mentioned earlier, we are updating our revenue outlook. The consolidated outlook for total organic revenue is now at a range of 4.5% to 5.5%. In the Americas, we see continued positive fundamentals in our nonresidential verticals led by institutional markets, which we believe will remain strong throughout 2019. In residential, we expect markets to improve versus what we experienced in the first half of the year. In addition, we expect the general positive trend for electronic products to continue for the foreseeable future and believe we are well positioned to take advantage of this long-term trend. For the European region, we expect continued strength in our electronic business led by SimonsVoss and Interflex. We expect this will more than offset weaknesses we are experiencing in Southern Europe leading to positive organic growth for the region. However, total revenue will be negatively impacted by currency headwinds. In addition, we have reduced our revenue outlook for the EMEIA region to account for the impacts of our decision to exit operations in Turkey. In Asia Pacific, we continue to see healthy growth in China with softening markets in Australia and New Zealand, particularly around residential end markets. The total revenue outlook reflects the full year impact of the Gainsborough acquisition, which passed its one-year anniversary on June 30. We are also updating our earnings per share outlook with reported EPS at a range of $4.50 to $4.65 per share and adjusted EPS to be between $4.80 and $4.90. This represents adjusted EPS growth of approximately 7% to 9%. As Patrick stated, we are updating our cash flow outlook to a range of $410 million to $430 million with the reduction from prior outlook inclusive of our closure of our Turkey operations. The outlook assumes no change in the previous – in previously provided investment spend of approximately $0.15 per share. The full year adjusted effective tax rate continues to be approximately 16%. We are updating our outlook for outstanding diluted shares to approximately 94 million, reflecting the buyback activity completed during the first half of the year and including expected share repurchases for the back half of 2019. The closure of our Turkey operations is expected to have $0.14 to $0.17 impact on the reported EPS, some of which has been seen in Q2 and a $0.02 impact to adjusted EPS in the third quarter. Please go to Slide 16. A brief summary of Allegion’s Q2 performance. Total revenue grew 3.8% in the quarter and 5.2% year-to-date. Organic revenue growth grew 3% in Q2 and 4.3% year-to-date. Adjusted operating margins were up 20 basis points. Adjusted EPS was up slightly. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: So the channel plays that we addressed was really what I’d call maintenance. As we have expanded rapidly especially through e-commerce, there was some clean-up that we needed to go do and – to protect ourselves on pricing. It clearly was reflected in our electronics growth, particularly residential in Q2. We think that’s behind us. I’d say in an overall backdrop, particularly in resi, we thought the channel would perform better in new construction. I think it’s pretty widely seen that there were some challenges in new construction including we expected acceleration with Lennar. That’s progressing, but those were the factors that we went in and worked, and we think it positions us nicely for the second half.
Dave Petratis: I think the numbers are out there in total. Don’t want to get into the specifics of it. But the work is behind us and you’ll see that performance improve in the second half.
Dave Petratis: Our backlog visibility is clear, in particular with the commercial institutional backlog. Remember those are long-cycle projects. And we feel very good about the book backlog that’s on the business. I think the other thing that’s important is long-term trends, particularly in the institutional markets, upgrades of schools, college campuses for higher security needs continue. Today, I’ll speak to the Iowa Board of Trustees on campus security. It continues to be a trend. I think we continue to see positives in the hospital segments, and we like our backlog and opportunities going forward.
Dave Petratis: I think if you look at just pure commercial construction, there continues to be a healthy environment. We obviously like the institutional college campuses more, but as I travel around the nations, you see commercial certainly at its maximum development and output. With that said, in the upper parts of the Midwest, it was extremely wet, that the ways construction activity, shortages of labor, I think, are rapid. We see labor tightness as high as it’s ever been since 2008. So we think those factors actually snowplough the length of job. We also see some tightness and extended lead time in door availability, which impact our ability to drive business through. But with that said, overall health of the commercial and institutional part of the market driven by spec, quote and backlog continues to be favorable for Allegion.
Dave Petratis: So never happy with any of our footprints till it’s fully optimized. So globally, we continue to work. I think, second, I’d remind you that a lot of our acquisition activity has been in Europe. As we brought on new capacity, we felt the opportunity to optimize that was there. Turkey also from – on macro and political standpoint, a lot of pressure there. And at the end of the day, we thought that the best move from – to Allegion was to consolidate that and we’ve executed that at a very good level. I couldn’t be prouder of our teams to go and make that move. I think overall our view in Europe is to continue to optimize that footprint to continue to improve our profitability and ability to serve the customer in the region.
Dave Petratis: I would say the Big Box channel was sluggish, and we expect performance improvement in the second half. I think the Schlage Encode and our strength, Allegion through our Schlage brand and Big Box still have the highest-rated products available. Our partnerships with Ring, Apple, Amazon and those integrations, I think, make a great choice for consumers. And we expect to improve performance in the second half.
Dave Petratis: I would add Tim that we were pretty clear that we would create a faster dynamic in the second half. I was extremely pleased with how we drove the equation in the first half. And I think we’re set up nicely with identifiable projects that will help us achieve our goal.
Dave Petratis: Yes. So let me take it by segments of the market maybe. So on the resi side, it’s really a combination of couple of things, what we talked about previously on the electronics growth and all the activity there relative to the channel, Lennar, new products introduction as well as channel partnership that will help us drive volumes there. Secondly, on the res side, we see a pickup in the builder channel. Collectively that will help us in terms of push-up more volume. On the nonres side, it’s continued strength in the end markets and the healthiness of that and the visibility we have relative to again the order activity specification, backlog, et cetera, I feel fairly positive relative to the volume expectations in the second half.
Dave Petratis: So Encode on the res side would be what we lead with. Second, maybe not so much in terms of new products, but the partnerships that we’re continuing delivery with Apple and seamless access on college campuses, you’ve seen some of our wins. I think, Mercer college is a clear example. Second, work with Lennar. I think early on, we said that we would be open in our ability to go in and partner is providing wins in the marketplace. We’ve also got our exit devices that are wireless that are driving in the institutional phase. So we think we’re set-up well. I would also go back to some of our earlier generations of products, the ADCO has been out several years, but is positioned to be able to provide that open integration and communication capabilities that customers appreciate. There’s already installed base of that and our ability to be able to leverage that in new electronic applications is why we are winning.
Dave Petratis: So through the acquisition pipeline, we developed a capability out of Poland. In 2017, 2018 we announced a new facility there. We are filling up that facility. Some of that will come with Turkey and it’s really optimizing the supply chain from where we believe is a competitive price market to be able to serve Western Europe. So we think we are nicely positioned. If you look at the history over the last five years of the restructuring that we have driven across Europe, it has significantly improved our profitability, and we think this is the next step in that. Our ultimate goal is to continue to incrementally improve operating income year-over-year and this is another step in that process.
Dave Petratis: First, the adoption of electronics, especially Encode 2, we were going through a conversion with Lennar, which will give us top line revenue expansion as we provide them exclusively to their home starts. We continue to have a focused effort on that pro build driven by those electronics. And I think the overall market and it’s no surprise as you look at other companies reporting the new home construction was soft, driven by a variety of factors, we don’t see a big rush to recovery. We think that it runs flat, but we think ourselves will help us both on new construction and retrofit as we move into the second half.
Dave Petratis: I haven’t really seen it in the marketplace. So normally the price movements on the low end and the high end, we look at it by product, but it stays relatively close. So the differential doesn’t move that much between the product categories. And so we’re not seeing a migration at all relative to the low price point. It’s actually, from our perspective, it’s been one of our channel strategies to have a broader breadth of products in that price point that we could sell through the discretionary market. And so that’s been something we continue to drive for the last several years.
Dave Petratis: So remember, we have positioned with three brands, Dexter, Falcon, and then our premium Schlage, Von Duprin and LCN. We see nice growth in the Falcon brand, maybe a little bit less in Dexter, but what’s happening there when a project gets valued engineered and we need to compete, we’ll pull in those products. You see it a lot in like commercial and you will see Falcon exit devices keyways, Glynn, IVES would be another brand that we would use. I think it depends on where you’re at in the market segmentation. Hospitals, college campuses are going to go for our performance products. And we are going to continue to use our global capability to offer customers choice.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So on the pricing front, as indicated in our comments, really strong price realization in Q2. And just remember relative to our pricing actions, you may recall last year, we implemented the price increase in beginning of July. This year, we pulled it forward to May. So in effect, you had the impact of two price increases for this quarter year-over-year. So that’s why sequentially and for the quarter year-over-year, you had really strong price realization. As we look forward to the second half, we still anticipate good price realization but sequentially will be down relative to what you saw in Q2. You’re probably looking at an overall impact, we’ll call it around 1.5% kind of going forward. As it relates to the nonresi, resi area in terms of pricing, most of the price realization is coming from nonresidential markets given the strength there and our ability to pass it on to offset inflationary headwinds. So we will continue to see that. You may recall last year, we had some choppiness in the residential segment associated with pricing as related to rebates, promotions, those types of things. A lot of that is subsided, and I’d say as anticipated kind of a flattish pricing environment as it relates to residential and to the extent, we can push, we will, but it’s improvement on a net basis after taking into consideration some of those promos and rebates.
Patrick Shannon: I would just also add Deepa that some of the leading indicators that we look relative to our business is, well, it’s kind of macro items. The order, bid quote activity, specification writing continues to be positive, trending upward. And so that’s always a good indicator in terms of business down the road. Also from a macro perspective and you look at some of the things, for example, the number of on-referendums, particularly in institutional market continues to remain strong. The construction backlog also is at a healthy level. Some of the things, the job openings in the construction markets continue to be very healthy. And so all these things would indicate that market demand continues to remain strong and as Dave indicated particularly in the institutional segment where we have obviously a strong market position and it’s a richer mix of products in our business, which helps us on the margin profile as well.
Patrick Shannon: So you will see improved electronics growth sequentially relative to where we were in the first half of the year beginning in Q3. But given the tough comp in Q3 last year, more of it perhaps weighted in Q4. And a lot of that growth associated with some of our – what Dave talked about in terms of the channel activities that we have now completed, that’s behind us. This new arrangement with Lennar will begin to continue to drive traction there and our Encode product continues to sell through extremely well. So we see continued growth in there. So those three activities will boost the electronics growth, particularly in the residential side, and commercial still remains healthy. And we have a good backlog of activities and channel partners that will drive that going forward as well.
Patrick Shannon: So those are the two primary components that will drive operating margin accretion in the second half. Feel really good about where we are as we look forward to those opportunities. The price, productivity, inflation dynamic will continue to improve there. So recall relative to the inflation we are getting to easier comps starting here in Q3 as it relates to commodity cost and then pricing and that type of thing. And you may recall our methodology is try to hedge inflation in terms of – not financial hedges but contracts with suppliers. So we lock into prices on an outward to 12 months. And as inflation subsides, we see that perhaps later than other people might. So we’re going to start reaping the benefits in the second half as it relates to the reduction in commodity costs. That can be a big driver. And then the continued volume leverage and the margin accretion associated with that is a big driver as well. And we had a couple of one-off type of things that are nonrecurring as well. So that collectively will serve to improve the operating margin performance. And I’d just say as a collective company for the full year and we communicated this at the beginning of the year, the objective is to get close to 100 basis points improvement for the full year, which gets us back to kind of like the 2017 levels and still feel like we have good visibility to that relative to the improvement in the price, productivity, inflation dynamic as well as the leverage on the incremental volume.
Patrick Shannon: So as you know, we have the ability to pass on price whether in an inflationary period or deflationary environment. We’ve been fairly successful in doing that. And we’ll continue to remain competitive and push that where we can. So this year for example, the gross price increase was lower than last year and last year being the higher inflation period. But on a normalized level, we should always get 1% to 1.5% of price increase across the business.
Patrick Shannon: We don’t normally provide the quarterly guidance, but you should anticipate perhaps maybe a little bit higher Q4 and Q3.
Patrick Shannon: So anytime you close a facility in Europe, it’s going to have an extended payback period, but it’s the right thing to do. It’s more of a, I’d say, a risk mitigation activity than a significant payback on a cash basis. Right thing to do, as Dave mentioned, to serve our customers with expedited supply chain capability. And so there are some benefits throughout the supply chain, not so much from a labor arbitrage, but it’s definitely the right thing to do and we’ll continue to look at opportunities to leverage our footprint going forward.
Patrick Shannon: So I would characterize it this way. As you’d expect in any company, it’s all about having a robust pipeline in terms of productivity actions and those would occur either on the sourcing material side and/or at the factory level, labor efficiencies, cost reductions, those types of things. And we got very good visibility in terms of we’ve already executed. That will take place in the back half of the year as well as opportunities for improvement going forward and that’s across all our facilities globally. So feel really good about the healthiness, robustness in terms of our productivity pipeline of both the sourcing material side as well as the throughput in the factory. And then you get the normal leverage of volume overhead leverage equation on the incremental volume that kicks in as well. And as you know, we have very high contribution margins that will contribute to the margin expansion. So it’s a combination of a lot of activities that are going to help us going forward. And on the productivity pipeline visibility, we got very good clarity and expectations on that and good visibility.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So I’d just say it’s increasing year-over-year, and we’d expect that to continue. The other thing I mentioned here too that we sometimes forget about relative to the productivity, but we are starting to reap benefits from the acquired businesses last year. So the margin profile attached to those will increase, as we get more volume leverage integrating with our sales channel and also integrating some of our enterprise excellence methodology there at those facilities are helping us. And so the acquired businesses is part of the equation and building them in through our company and methodology will help our productivity as well.
Patrick Shannon: I think we will see growth across all verticals. Institutional should be a little bit stronger and again that’s a richer mix product for us holistically. And so – but strength across all verticals is the way I would be thinking about it.
