Dave Petratis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today. We had a solid start to 2022. Overall, market demand remains strong and our organic growth and pricing action accelerated. We also announced on Friday the acquisition of the Stanley Access Technologies business, a highly strategic acquisition for Allegion, which is expected to close in the third quarter of this year.  During Q1, we experienced robust demand on the non-residential side of the Americas, as well as strength in SimonsVoss, Interflex, and Portable Security within the International segment. Residential markets in the Americas remain stable.  We have made progress on our product redesigns and alternative sourcing similar to the last two quarters, but were not able to fully meet the strong demand due to continued supply chain constraints. We did deliver good revenue growth in the quarter, driven primarily by price. The continued strength in demand is encouraging.  With regard to the supply chain constraints, we expect electronic component challenges to persist and the latest lockdowns in China are likely going to impact global supply chains even further.  Looking at price versus cost, we continue to experience high inflationary impacts from material cost, labor and freight. Price realization accelerated in Q1 and was the driver of organic growth in the quarter. With the recent spike in commodity prices, we have already announced additional price increases to take effect starting in Q2 across residential and non-residential markets, and we'll assess the need for further price increases as inflationary pressures continue.  As we discussed in February, we are aggressively pursuing price across all products and in all channels to offset unprecedented inflation, and we expect price to exceed inflation further for the year.  We are providing an updated outlook for 2022. We're raising our revenue outlook to reflect higher price, offsetting the additional inflation we're experiencing. We're holding our prior EPS range, and I'll share more detail on the outlook later in the presentation.  Last, on the business review, I want to further highlight our announcement from last Friday. We have come to an agreement to acquire Access Technologies business from Stanley Black & Decker. This is the right asset for Allegion and it progresses our seamless access strategic focus, adding a category leader with an expansive service footprint. The business has a strong financial profile and is very complementary to the Allegion Americas core business and our portfolio.  Close is anticipated in Q3. And we welcome the Access Technology employees, and we look forward to all of them joining our team.  Now let's turn to the quarter performance for more details. Please go to slide 5. Revenue for the first quarter was $724 million, an increase of 4.2% compared to last year. Organic revenue growth was 6.4%. The organic revenue increase in the quarter was driven by significant price realization of 6%.  Allegion International and Allegion Americas non-residential business also saw volume growth, driven by robust demand highlighted earlier. Americas residential volumes were down as that business had a tough comparable to last year, a drip attributed to the large channel load during Q1 of 2021. Mike will share more detail on the business segments in a moment.  Adjusted operating margin decreased by 240 basis points in the first quarter. Continued inflationary pressures, productivity challenge, and currency headwinds drove most of the decrease. Incremental investments for future growth caused 60 basis points of the decline.  Adjusted earnings per share of $1.07 decreased $0.13 or approximately $0.11 versus the prior. Lower operating income, a year-over-year tax rate increase and reduced other income was partially offset by favorable share count.  Year-to-date available cash flow came in at $12 million, which was down 89% versus Q1 of last year, but is in line with our historical trends. Last year's high number was driven by lower working capital requirements due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As I've stated before, I firmly believe our vision and strategy in support of seamless access is more relevant than ever, and the Access Technology acquisition will add momentum. We remain bullish on construction and DIY markets for 2022 and continue to expect the trend of electronic adaption to fuel growth for many years.  Mike will now walk you through the financials, and I'll be back to discuss our 2022 outlook. 
Dave Petratis: I think as we think about the path forward in terms of order activity, incoming orders, especially in the commercial business, institutional business, extremely robust. And as I've been traveling around the last few weeks, you also get that feel that construction activity across the country, extremely robust. As we look at our macroeconomics, it says, in the commercial, institutional, we're beginning the upcycle, which says we're going to get stronger as we go through the year in terms of product out the door. I would say supply chains remain under pressure, but have improved from the second half of last year.  And then, I think you've got to think about res. When I think about res, it probably shows my age a little bit. Residential was extremely difficult in the last decade. And as I think about the under-supply of housing across the nation, I think we're going to continue to bang out 1.2 million to 1.6 million, even with higher interest rates. So, I feel very good about overall demand. I think about that going out four to six quarters and then we'll see.
Dave Petratis: I'd add to it as well. Versus the second half of last year, labor has improved in its availability, freight has improved modestly. And I say modestly, the rise in COVID in China, the lockdowns will have some implications. We've got some exposure, but it's not major. And I think particular on the mechanical inputs to our business, redesign, qualifying second suppliers has really strengthened our confidence. That leaves the electronics element. As we think about going forward and our guide, that's based on allocations. If chip availability gets better across the board, we'll be even stronger.
Dave Petratis: I would say spec writing activity continues to be robust. You can look at the ABI. I think the march ABI was at like a 58. I'd say a good range of projects with strength in the medical and hospital areas, which is good for Allegion. Can't really get into the size of these, but the order activity is good, and I think reflects the strength we're seeing in our incoming bookings. 
Dave Petratis: Volume is a very beautiful thing in this business. And as we go through the second half, the business leverage quite nicely.
Dave Petratis: I'd say we have very little exposure to Russia. I'd say the bigger effect there has been pricing of raw materials. And we'll adapt to that with price. As we think about China, it's certainly serious. We have exposure there, but it has not affected us in April. And I think we've got the adaptability to be able to work through that. We're not totally immune, but are in geographic production capabilities position us well.
Dave Petratis: To wrap up our main themes you heard today, Allegion got off to a solid start in 2022. Demand remains robust and leading indicators are positive. We continue to work through supply chain challenges that macroeconomic events in China could delay in the improvement of some of the global supply chains. It's not unique to Allegion, but it does affect us.  Pressure in electronic components is expected to persist. Inflation continues. We are aggressively producing price in all channels and products and we'll get the price cost equation back to positive this year.  And last, we're excited to welcome Stanley's Access Technology business to the Allegion family and portfolio of products.  Thank you and have a safe day.
Mike Wagnes: Tim, as you think about it, we got off to a decent start. Right? I would say it doesn't move materially from that 60% that we said at the beginning of the year. First quarter was okay or stronger than maybe the original assumption assumed. And so, it could move a percent or so or two, but it's roughly around that 60% that we gave in the beginning of the year.
Mike Wagnes: I would say as you look at our guide, we raised our guide on the top line, didn't raise the guide on the EPS because that is price realization that is fighting the inflationary pressures. And so, there will be a higher percentage going to price than we assumed in the beginning of the year. So, if in the beginning of the year, we said roughly 50/50, that's going to be higher by the raise of the guide. So, you're going to be looking at that 60% to 65%.
Mike Wagnes: John, as you think about our – so the price, we feel really strong. We've announced those increases already. So, they're in the marketplace.  With respect to the overall market demand, even stronger than when we exited Q4. So Q1, real strong market demand in non-residential. And then lastly, we've taken actions to qualify additional suppliers and to work on bringing in new supply base. Those activities have gained traction in the first quarter. And so, that does give us confidence that, in the back half of the year, we'll get additional supply from additional suppliers that we can get more volume out.
Mike Wagnes: John, as you think about Q1, sequential improvement versus what you saw in the fourth quarter, we'll expect to see improvements each quarter sequentially, such that the back half, you start to really see that margin expansion versus the prior year. So, sequential improvement and then expansion in the back half. And then, when you model it, just take into account that there's substantial inflationary pressures. We're driving price to offset it from a dollar amount, but that raises the denominator in the margin calc without raising the numerator from the profit because it offsets it.
Mike Wagnes: As you think of the first quarter, we were slightly negative. We provide that information in our 10-Q. So, you'll see it in our 10-Q by region and in total. But, say, $7 million underwater in the first quarter. As you progress throughout the year, think of Q2 being closer to breakeven-ish and then Q3 and Q4 substantial price in excess of that inflation or price and productivity in excess of the inflation. So, gets better as the year progresses and then significantly positive in the back half.
Mike Wagnes: We don't provide individual growth rates, electronics versus mechanical. But if you think about our performance in the first quarter, substantial improvement from what you saw Q4, as you mentioned. The demand is there. The demand will be limited by the ability to get the supply. So, I would just say, take it into account when you consider our total guide for revenue, understanding that it's better than what you saw in the fourth quarter. And in the back half, we do comp against those easier comparables that we had in the back half of last year.
Mike Wagnes: If you look at our resi business, we mentioned earlier that it had positive price realization for the quarter, not as strong as non-res. From a unit perspective then, you can see that units would be a little less than the total growth because we did have the positive price realization.  More importantly, moving forward, we've taken actions in residential to drive price that has been announced to the marketplace and goes into effect in the second quarter. So, we expect to see better price realization in the second quarter and onward through 2022. 
Mike Wagnes: Yeah, I would say, if you think about the gross margin, that's inflation in excess of pricing that we talked about in the 10-Q. As you think about margins, in general, they'll improve as we get throughout the year. So, we should see both the gross and the operating improve as we move throughout 2022.
Mike Wagnes: As you get significant growth in the back half of the year, Q2, Q3, Q4, you leverage that SG&A base. So, that does help also the operating margins.
Mike Wagnes: As we think about where we are today, we just completed the first quarter. We've got three quarters to go. Feel good that we got out to a nice start to the year. As we started the year, we had a very back half loaded plan. Getting off to a good start makes us feel even better about us hitting our EPS range.
