Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide Number 12. On October 1, we issued a pre-release to our earnings and updated our 2021 full year outlook for revenue, earnings per share and available cash flow. We are reaffirming those updated outlooks. We have talked at length about the demand strengthened the Americans business as well as supply chain pressures that are having impact on our ability to meet that demand, which will delay an estimated $80 million to $100 million of revenue. The outlook for total revenue in the Americas is now projected to be at 1% to 1.5% with organic revenue growth at 0.5% to 1%. In the Allegion International segment, we have not seen as large of an impact from component and labor shortages. In our SimonsVoss, Interflex and Global Portable Security businesses continued to perform well. For that region, we expect total revenue growth to be between 12% and 13% with organic growth of 9% to 10%. All-in for total Allegion, total revenue is projected to be up 4% to 4.5% and organic revenue is expected to increase 3% to 3.5%. We're expecting reported EPS to come in the range of $4.95 to $5.05 per share and adjusted EPS to be between $5 and $5.10. Our outlook for available cash flow is projected to be $460 million to $480 million. The outlook assumes investment spend of approximately $0.15 to $0.20 per share. The full year adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 9%. The outlook for outstanding diluted shares is approximately $90.5 million. Please go to Slide number 13. As we close the presentation and move on to Q&A, I want to take some time to stress Allegion’s strong long-term fundamentals. First, even with the disruption caused by the global pandemic, our strategy around seamless access and electronic transformation remains strong. We expect electronic and seamless access solutions to be the future of access control and we are using multiple innovation engines to lead the industry. You've seen proactive work from Allegion through Allegion Ventures, our recent acquisitions like Yonomi and in our Interflex business, accelerating our software and tech capabilities. We're making investments and expanding partnerships with mega techs and leading access control platforms. We're making significant progress on our ESG journey. This is evident with the two awards that we received earlier this month. The Campbell Award given by the National Safety Council is a very prestigious honor and we joined an elite group of previous winners. I'm also proud of the Jackson Lewis Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Champion Award, which we received from the Indiana Chamber, which recognizes our proactive leadership in diversity, equity and inclusion. Congratulations to be Allegion team. All markets in America remain robust. We continue to see positive trends from leading indicators like ABI and the Dodge New Construction Index and expect these trends to continue into 2022. With the International segment, the strength in our SimonsVoss, Interflex and Global Portable Security business persist. We have aligned and adjusted resources to navigate and adapt to supply chain pressures that the world is experiencing. Actions taken including the redesign of products, the development of alternative supply sources and we continue to leverage our pricing power. Allegion’s supply chain will continue to differentiate us and the strength in our backlogs would indicate that our channel partners believe we will navigate through the global pressures [indiscernible]. Demand remains strong. We have implemented pricing actions that will carry forward into next year and there's substantial backlog to work down. With that backdrop and assuming supply chain pressures related to inflation and component shortages begin to ease, we expect solid revenue growth with year-over-year margin improvement and continued strong cash flow generation in the 2022. The future of Allegion remains bright. Now, Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: So my first observation, your past records sometimes is a predictor. Allegion performed extremely well through the first phases of this pandemic. Number two is some of the strength of our supply chain adaptability was evident. If we had not adapted, made design changes over the last couple of quarters, our backlog would even be larger. So we feel very good about the performance and the adaptability, flexibility. It's clear the electronics is going to be a problem that all companies, including Allegion, will have to adapt to through 2022. I think an important element of the rest and it's the complexity of the Allegion supply chain is the return of labor pressures to our partner suppliers. This we'll have to continue to monitor. This is everything from castings to power supplies to wire harnesses. There is a labor scarcity across the globe. And again, I believe our ability to adapt and our philosophy to produce in region will help Allegion.
Dave Petratis: So we've got a lot of experience in production systems, including the man that runs the company, me, 41 years. I think I liked the backlog. I think if component supplies – as if that regains health, we will actually pick up efficiencies. There has been gross inefficiencies through COVID, these supply chains. An important element is our ability to bring on and flux our own labor and I've got high confidence in our ability to do that.
Dave Petratis: Yes, Joe, so the significant portion of the margin degradation year-over-year is predominantly inflation and freight costs. And then we've got productivity challenges associated with some of the component shortages and those types of things, creating inefficiencies at our facilities. So if you think about it relative to normally we've done a good job in terms of managing the price inflation dynamic, we're underwater today as we kind of look at that price being lower than the incremental material and freight costs that will get better. As we kind of progress here, we're putting in more price increases to make up for the Delta. One of the challenges is kind of given the high backlog and the fact that a lot of the backlog today is kind of price protected. You don't see the benefit of the price increases coming through and offsetting the incremental inflation until going into 2022. So we're still going to be under pressure for the balance of the year, but inflation really accelerated particularly when you look year-over-year on steel components and those types of things. So it's just – it's one of these short-term phenomenons. If you assume that inflation has kind of peaked today, going into 2022 things will kind of continue to get better than we would expect to be in the positive end of the equation as we progress throughout 2022.
Dave Petratis: So on your first question – so we've managed pricing broadly and it's really dependent upon product category, some of our products that are more steel related, i.e., steel doors, those types of things would carry surcharges associated with that, but mostly across the product portfolio is through list price increases is kind of how we manage it, so it's more permanent in nature. The year-over-year Delta, you kind of have to look at it again by product category, a little pressure and some of the discounts, residential, for example, a little bit harder to kind of pass through the price increases. So that's really what you're seeing there. If you, kind of, look at the bulk of our business, commercial, year-over-year price increase.
Dave Petratis: So, I'd give a completely different perspective, Andrew. I know the electrical quite well. Think about the amount of electrical pipe, wire and distribution gear that goes in, in the first six months of a construction project, we'd submit our quotes get orders at the same time. And that – those products are delivered at the end of that cycle. When we put a quote, that's carried for a period of time, but we honor that order and so we eat that inflationary pressure. The cycle for the electrical industry is much faster than ours. We've been aggressive on the price increases as well as surcharges and it's not apples to apples. We're both in new construction. On new quotes and bids, we're really raising the levels every day. And I hope that color maybe helps you understand leading products, the electrical versus lagging products on the hardware side.
Dave Petratis: So electronic components tight in all sectors of the world, the differences between SimonsVoss a lesser extent and Interflex and the core business in the Americas is pure suppliers. We had designed around the Americas Texas Instruments, NXP, Texas both have had their supply chain issues. The European products more around a different set of suppliers and it's those differences. And the adaptability important here many of the newest Allegion products that drives battery efficiency, WiFi connectivity that makes us the leading products in the world are closer to the supply chain challenges in the Americas than they are in Europe.
Dave Petratis: I would say, again you have to look across the different product sets, so it varies. If you're looking at all price increases, i.e., what we talked about there's list price, there's surcharges, there's things related to freight those that have heavier steel related i.e., steel doors those types of things would carry a much higher price increase realization than your traditional products, locks and exits, closers, those types of things. So, list prices for the year would be with both price increases north of 6% with more to come in the future.
Dave Petratis: So you never want to see your number one competitor or market leader gets bigger. Rest assured that we also looked hard at the Kwikset HHI assets over the years. And I think if you really step back and study the dimensions of Kwikset and how they performed under HHI, I believe also will actually bring a level of discipline to the market. It's certainly our great Schlage brand, the Kwikset brands. There's plenty of room to compete and we've met this challenge I think credibly over the last several decades. Schlage in terms of its electronic leadership, if you look at consumer reports electronics that I think was published in April of this year, three of the top eight walks are ours. We're the number one replacement walk and it's going to be continued competition against two world leaders.
Dave Petratis: I'd say, each bust and boom cycle sets its own history. We're still living this aspect of it, but as I reviewed the macro demand factors, our backlogs and then recent travel, I would think I was in five states last week. The sentiment that I feel, see and, and living here every day at Allegion is I'm extremely positive. I think we've got three solid years ahead of us as I think about the strategic planning period, working through the supply chain issues, I think there is key infrastructure needs and we have a housing economy that's significantly under inventory for single-family homes, which also is a generator for commercial and institutional development. So, I packed out all together in borrowing another disruption. I liked to go ahead in terms of the business conditions for construction and for Allegion.
Dave Petratis: I would – at – Q3 next year is sort of positive is what I would anticipate basis of a constant inflation relative to what we're seeing today in terms of no further increase year-over-year. But the Delta, i.e., the gap between price inflation improving up until that point, so the rate of change will get better as we progress.
Dave Petratis: Some broad comments on labor. And it's from a general labor through the trades to professionals. Labor is tight, professional help on a worldwide basis. Second, when you look particularly at construction labor, the gap has grown. Skilled trades were a problem going into the pandemic. The problem has widened slightly. In my mind extends cycle times for construction projects and snowplows, what I think are strong business conditions well into the future.
Dave Petratis: We are investors. I will get off the phone here today, and its manufacturing month in the United States. Allegion plays a very active role in promoting our industry, leading culture, diversity opportunities, tuition reimbursement programs, healthy lifestyle, to attract people and have done it since the creation of the company, number one. Number two, I think manufacturing, I'm extremely proud of is a great place to develop talent and we will make investments in our wage structures to continue to keep Allegion as the best employer with wages and benefits and the communities we operate around the world.
Dave Petratis: I think you've got to take the strong cycle and as I look at the macro indicators that you did positive, you've got to lay on that backlog, which will take the better part of six, seven months for us to eat through. And I think extremely robust I see education, I see health care. I think you've also – I've always been concerned about commercial, extremely positive in terms of the macro. There's lots of money on the sidelines to go reinvent this commercial real estate and the new office of the future. So as I look at education, healthcare, commercial, even multifamily is honing longer. And I think investment is going to come in needed infrastructure. We could get an infrastructure bill. So as I look at that, Tim, I like it for the next three to five years.
Dave Petratis: I'd say 40% electronics, 60% mechanical. I'd also, I think you've been in our factories here in Indianapolis complexity when things are common right is our friend. We'll make 2200 variations of the Von Duprin exit device today. And any one of those components in shortage, whether it's a casting, a wire harness as a power supply and electronic board puts pressure on that supply chain and that's what we're living today and confident in our teams to work through it. Remember too, it's not necessarily my ability to put labor in the seat. It's also my supply chain. We pulled hard on redesign shifting over a 100 engineers to redesign predominantly boards but other components. And the second thing I’d say is our flexibility, we've offered to put our people insights to help strengthen our supply chain vendors. And I share that example just because the labor thing goes across transportation, supply chain, getting in through the ports and a level of complexity that I've maybe never seen in my 41 years.
Dave Petratis: I think I would describe it Josh, is there's pacing constraints and labor from the design phase. We just saw a record ABI through the installation phase and I think projects will have longer lead times in an environment that's extremely positive in terms of their willingness to invest.
Dave Petratis: So again, I want you to think about that demand game, the supply chains on resi for all supplier was heavily disrupted in 2020. We were shut down for 15, 16 days. You had a demand surge, and this is very evident from the Big Box, Home Depot, Lowes reports in terms of increase investments and do-it-yourself projects. And then you had also housing picking up pretty rapidly that created a demand surge as we started coming out of the lockdowns record backlog in residential, which we have worked through. So I look at overall demand for resi as we move into 2022 is net positive. Based on continued starts of new construction, solid repair and replacement and good multi-family. So that whip is going on the supply chain. Make sure you think about that in your model, because I think a year ago, I'm sitting here talking through record backlogs in residential. We worked through that and I would suggest if you look at our performance versus our competitors that we gained share throughout the last eight quarters.
Dave Petratis: Electronic access, electronic locks, the power of your edge device and its ability to interact with secured access is a powerful trend that will positively influence this industry for the coming decades. The electronic adoption is what I would describe as high single digits in normal times or pre-pandemic we've been able to deliver on that growth at mid, or excuse me, low single digit or low double digit gross of market growing high single digits. We're in a normalized time low double digits. So a clear trend you can see it in your everyday life. The overall market's still, there's 40 billion openings in the world less than 10% of those integrated. So bright for our industry and bright for Allegion.
Dave Petratis: Thanks for your questions today. I also want to thank our employees for their continued commitment, steadfastness in navigating the challenges over the last 22 months. Some final messages. Allegion remains a white house for our safety performance and our ESG advancements. Demand in our business remains robust and leading indicators are positive. Supply chain constraints, labor availability, and inflation are challenging. I'm confident in Allegion supply capability, adaptability to be strong, and the long-term fundamentals of Allegion remains bright and strong. Thank you for your time today. Have a safe day.
Patrick Shannon: I'd add to this. Our hollow metal business, list price increases and surcharges, on the general hardware business two price increases in the year and will adapt to the pressures as we go into 2022 and certainly going hard at the residential products as well. And my message here would be in the addition to freight surcharges, we're pulling all levers on price realization. And I think as we get past this momentary surge that occurred in Q2 and Q3 on inflation, we'll continue our discipline around price performance as we move into 2022.
Patrick Shannon: I'll just add, Andrew. It's not a question of realization. In other words, we'll get the price increase. It's more of a timing issue. So, you will begin to see sequential improvement beginning Q4 relative to the price increases we put in the market. And that will continue to accelerate into 2022, year-over-year and sequentially.
Patrick Shannon: I think you also got to include the surcharges on top of that, and this is a big end in our quote activities, we apply discount schemes that give us the ability to rise price based on the project. So again, I feel very good on our pricing analytics. There's that gap in the backlog that we may have quoted over a year ago. We honor those firm orders and they're delivered sometimes over the periods of years. And as we move into 2022, we'll reassess this again and be early and aggressive to make sure that price continues to cover our input cost as we've done since the creation of the company.
Patrick Shannon: Julian, I'd also add as we – as you and I think about that backlog, if some of the highest margin products that we produce, electronic locks and exit devices are elements, heavy elements of that backlog, the exit devices, heavy complexity, which we – the supply chain pressures create some challenges in that, but those supply chain pressures will improve. The mix of that will roll through. In addition to the price increases, I like our opportunities going forward.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So you hit on it. It's really within the product portfolio of non-residential products. As Dave indicated high margin products being impacted more and that's kind of what we're seeing it in the backlog due to shortages of components. And so it's really within the non-residential business that you're seeing a mix element, given that non-resi was higher than resi for the quarter.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. So kind of we touched on it a little bit earlier. It's predominantly given the price inflation dynamics still under pressure. Some of the inefficiencies from a productivity standpoint, we'll continue given the component challenges supply base that's really the – you are going to see some decrements sequentially. But then as we kind of continue to move into 2022, you wouldn't see obviously that a big of a change in the first part of the year and then approving certainly in the back half.
Patrick Shannon: So that's kind of the commentary was more around kind of our assumptions right now. I mean, if there's continued pressure in the marketplace to some of the component challenges, then that would certainly put pressure on our assumptions as we look forward to 2022. But if you kind of look at some of the forecasting information relative to steel and those type of things, the expectation is, is that as we go into next year, it starts to alleviate itself and maybe trend down. And that would be positive to what we're thinking today.
Patrick Shannon: A small portion that it's mostly on raw steel. We kind of look forward and we've got some arrangements with some of our supply base that has fixed rate agreements. Those then kind of fluctuate basis on changes in the market on a forward basis. And so it's small. A lot of our supply base is indexed to steel, if you will. And so it's really just on the purchase of raw steel, which is a small component relative to our overall purchasing.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Seasonality comps, the component shortages plus – last year, you may recall what the rebound in a residential business and it was coming out of COVID, there was channel refill in the business, right. Restocking the shelves on retail and e-commerce and so that’s certainly had a fairly significant impact on last year. So you're getting into a difficult comp as relates to our residential business.
Patrick Shannon: No. I think you need to think about it depending on the flow of components and labor, it's a tailwind as we roll through the year. And in a manufacturing environment, you can step up about 20% just by working Saturdays. You need to kind of think about it. If I go to Sundays, I get 40%, people don't work seven days a week for six months. You got to think about, it will step up. It's a tailwind, barring if you get – if we get improvement in components, both electronic and general components, we're going to see that as a tailwind as we roll through the first half of next year. And if the component situation and labor improves work about and gain more share.
Patrick Shannon: As you think about 2022, the backlog will be a tailwind, constrained by availability of electronics. That tightness will run into 2023 and then the overall labor. We see – I don't know if you ever, it's an industrial game we call the beer game, bottlenecks move. There's bottlenecks at the ports, there's bottlenecks in labor. These things are going to be moving throughout the year, but my fundamental belief is Allegion has a superior ability to navigate the nation and the world will navigate it. And we'll see these things ease as we go through. And it's a tailwind to push that backlog through.
Patrick Shannon: Probably more back-end loaded, but feel very confident. If you kind of look at the moves we're making on price, again, assuming inflation is peak. I mean, that's still a question mark, right? But I feel very confident relative to pushing through the backlog, getting some efficiencies that are factory productivity, these types of things. We will have margin incremental improvement in 2022 compared to 2021. No doubt in my mind.
