David D. Petratis: Thanks, Mike. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Allegion posted another strong quarter of operational results, delivering above-market organic growth and continued margin expansion. We delivered solid organic growth across all regions. For the quarter, revenue was $627 million, an increase of 7.2%, reflecting organic growth of 6.2% as well as the benefit of acquisitions, partially offset by foreign currency. All regions contributed to our solid organic growth. The Americas saw organic growth of 6.1% in the quarter, supported by low-double-digit growth in the residential businesses and mid-single-digit growth in our non-residential businesses despite a tough comparable from the prior year. The Americas business continues to see solid returns on our strategic product and channel investments and continues to see favorable trends in end markets. EMEIA organic revenues grew at 6.3%, its best organic quarter of growth since the spin, led by strong growth in our portable security business. Our Asia Pacific business saw organic revenue growth of 7.8%, led by strong growth in electronic locks. Adjusted operating income of $136 million increased 8.2% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin increased by 20 basis points, as we continue to demonstrate margin expansion from incremental volume in excess of investment headwinds. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.11 increased $0.12 or 12.1% versus the prior year. Overall, I'm pleased with the solid revenue growth and operational performance in the second quarter. In addition, we are raising our full-year adjusted EPS guidance. Adjusted EPS guidance is now $3.65 to $3.80 and reported EPS guidance is $3.55 to $3.72. Please go to slide 5. Before I turn the call over to Patrick, I want to take a little time to talk about our organic investments. Since the spin, we've been focused on organic investments to drive above-market growth and these investments continue to pay dividends in the market, while also increasing earnings and providing a superior return on invested capital. The Americas region continues to benefit from our focused investments in channel segmentation and product innovation. Our teams are creating new value in the discretionary commercial market, where channel partners make decisions every day on which brands to provide to end users. They've also worked to accelerate electronic partnerships, strengthen lead management and expand in vertical focused aftermarket programs, all initiatives that are supporting our growth. In addition, Allegion continues to drive growth and create shareholder value by investing in new technologies. Allegion culture of innovation and our global footprint positions us to not only lead the electromechanical convergence that accelerated. Doing so allows us to bring better solutions to our customers, increase our vitality index and drive growth at Allegion. We've also formed and maintained strategic relationships to increase the impact of new product development and ultimately drive more growth. Our open architectural approach to design stimulates the development of other devices for us to connect to, while it also allows the integrators and other trusted third-parties to easily connect to our products into their systems. From day one, Allegion has been committed to making connected products that are the easiest to integrate and secure the places, people and property where we work and live. In residential applications, we now integrate with leading systems like Apple HomeKit, Amazon Alexa and Samsung SmartThings among others. And we offer solutions for the evolving monitored security market as well. We strive to provide the best platforms to work with for the consumer and ecosystem partners and while leveraging our unique leadership position in the residential multi-family and commercial markets to identify and redeploy disruptive innovations and solutions quickly to enhance our offerings. Patrick will now walk you through the financial results and I'll be back to discuss our full-year 2017 guidance.
David D. Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide number 13. As noted on this slide, we are raising total revenue growth in all regions, given performance during the first half and our expectations for the remainder of the year. As noted, we're raising organic revenue guidance in the Americas and Europe, while reducing Asia Pacific. This results in total revenue increasing to a range of 6.5% to 7.5% and organic revenue increasing to a range of 6% to 7%. If we look closer at the Americas business, we believe that our organic investments, combined with our ability to execute, will continue to deliver better than market growth. We continue to see positive indicators in non-residential verticals and expect momentum in single-family construction to continue to support solid residential markets. European markets are being bolstered by general macroeconomic improvements such as the highest consumer confidence rate since 2008 and the lowest unemployment level since 2009. The total revenue and organic revenue growth rates are now the same, signaling that FX headwinds are not what we had anticipated when giving original guidance. In the Asia Pacific region, electronics remain a key driver of growth. Similar to EMEIA, the FX headwinds we anticipated in our original guidance are not as prevalent, which is why total revenue guidance was increased. We are raising our adjusted earnings per share to a range of $3.65 to $3.80, an increase of $0.05 on both the low end and high end. This represents adjusted EPS growth of 9.3% to 13.8%. The guidance includes a reduction of reported EPS related to restructuring and acquisition expenses in the range of $0.08 to $0.09. This brings our updated guidance for reported EPS to a range of $3.55 to $3.72. Included in the revised guidance is an assumption for the full-year tax rate to be between 18.5% and 19%. The guidance continues to assume outstanding diluted shares of approximately 96 million. Please go to slide 14. Let me finish by reiterating that I was very pleased with our second quarter execution and results. As a summary, reported revenue growth over 7%, organic revenue growth over 6%, adjusted operating margins increased 20 basis points, adjusted EPS saw just over 12% growth in the quarter. These first-half results position us well for the full year. We are raising our guidance for revenue growth both total and organic, raising our adjusted EPS outlook and we affirm our available cash flow guidance. Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions now.
David D. Petratis: We clearly are seeing a positive momentum in the investments in light commercial. Remember, as we talk, Rich, that that's area of the market that we didn't feel that we were as well positions and believe we can use our mid-price point products, our improved position endorsed (21:28) to go in and grow in a marketplace that we weren't as active. So we like our position and think momentum will pick up over the next year.
David D. Petratis: Yeah. So historically you go back and this business has done extremely well in terms of passing on price from incremental cost related to material inflation. Not seeing any difference. As related to Q2, pricing outpaced material cost. I think we were able to get a quick start on that. We had visibility obviously late last year. The performance was extremely strong, and I would say that's really attributable to many factors. One, obviously, you have strong markets, we're benefiting from that. Two, well-disciplined industry. Three, we've implemented some new tools to help us manage pricing better more specifically, which is helping us get better price realization, particularly in the Americas. I wouldn't expect – we had, I think, 2.4%, 2.5% price realization in the quarter. That's going to taper down probably a little bit in the back half of the year, but to your comment, 1.5% to 2% in the second half within certainly the realm of possibility, which is better than what we performed last year. We did announce a price increase in Americas to take effect August 1, which is quicker than what we've normally done historically, and so hopefully that'll have some benefit in the business as we go forward as well.
David D. Petratis: So, well, first of all, as we indicated in the results, revenue growth was outstanding organically. It had the best quarter since the spin, so it's really pleased to see that. I think you're seeing a good performance from our business, but the market's improving a little bit as well, which is a good sign. Unfortunately, it didn't pull through incremental margin. It was one of those quarters that kind of had a lot of things working against us, some unfavorable one-time items, unfavorable mix both from a product, geographic perspective. FX was a headwind. The plant move that you mentioned, I'd say we've made improvements, particularly on customer delivery and performance, not out of the woods yet. It's still going to be a little bit of headwind on the cost side, but again making improvements. Our expectation is the second quarter excuse me the second half of 2017 to show incremental margin improvement both in Q3 and Q4, which will give us a full year-over-year improvement for the year, close to that 10% objective we established earlier.
David D. Petratis: So commodity prices particularly on steel, zinc and brass, copper will kind of stabilize, if you will, sequentially Q2 to Q1, but still continues to rise, and spot rates are higher today than they were when we ended the quarter. And so we see a continued pressure on the cost side. But again I think relative to the price/cost dynamic, hopefully we can mitigate that as we move forward on the price increase. So I kind of look at it as continued good price realization performance, cost higher than what we anticipated, but the expectation is we should be able to offset that in the second half of the year.
David D. Petratis: So we continue to work the M&A pipeline. I have to reflect here half the time at my own performance in successful acquisitions and disappointed. It's not because of a lack of effort. I would say it's more of a lack of – it's more driven by discipline. We've looked and put our fingers in a lot of deals, and we've just not pulled the trigger because they didn't line up with our expectations. But I'd say the pipeline is active. There are several files that we're working around the world, and we'll continue to be disciplined and active and believe that we'll pull things in. With that said, our capital allocation policy continues to focus on organic growth, M&A, share buybacks. We bought back some shares in the quarter, and as we see the need to do it, we're going to move on all three of those levers.
David D. Petratis: I want to weigh in here too. Our organic growth, I think, globally is noteworthy. What we see in the market is variance from month to month in terms of incoming orders, and I think that variance comes from a lack of labor, especially in the Americas across the value stream. This would be our contractors, mechanical labor, wholesalers, installers. And so we think that requires some conservatism in terms of what we view. We believe that Allegion will do better in our markets based on our execution than our competition and remain extremely positive on our end markets as we look out over the next 12 months.
David D. Petratis: So the growth is driven through the investments we've made in portable security. We like that. We think we're again executing across the country areas. We're seeing some performance based on investment initiatives similar to what we've done in the United States, spec writing, project-based business. We don't split out SimonsVoss, but we continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of that asset.
David D. Petratis: So, Jeff, we would observe that there is disruption and new thinking going on. I think it helps us sharpen our game. The second change that we see is what we call the last mile. Clearly with the growth of home delivery of goods, it changes the way people think about home security. We think there're some fundamentals that are important, number one; open platforms, being able to connect, simplicity, ease of use; third, providing a good product that's reliable that's – we've thought about our primary role, that's security. We're extremely pleased with our residential electronic growth. We see the market growing at low-double digits and we're growing above that. So we're going to continue to be nimble, think about the opportunity and try to position Allegion to be able to participate in that growth globally.
David D. Petratis: So we feel good about what we did in the quarter across the board. I think we see some of the strongest growth in our Res-Pro, which is new construction. We had good year-over-year growth for that and you see the strength in the new construction part of it. We have made specific investments to serve that new construction market. Second, we get good traction with the electronic locks. We believe that we're gaining share in consumer confidence. Renovation investment is some of the healthy it's been since the crash and we're benefiting from that.
David D. Petratis: Sure. I need to see the study. If you want to share that data that comes out, it'd be helpful, but my observation would be this. You've got customers in that integration value stream across the spectrum. We think it's the higher end homes that weigh more heavily in those integration partners, people that would require high-end security systems. We think they will prefer a superior product, the technical support. I think one of the bigger challenges there, Jeff, is aesthetics. And that's why miniaturization, battery life become important, but we look at that integration of our products with other systems as a growth opportunity beyond what we're doing today, and we'll invest and focus to be able to serve that.
David D. Petratis: So I think about a building 10 years out, every opening will be connected. And how does that expand the opportunity at the high performance product set, which we do extremely well at, look at our mid-price point products to offer more connectivity, more intelligence and being able to bring that together and supportive. I think the opportunity, Jeff, here as it comes together, I think customers are demanding more Apple esque type systems that where customers have ease of use and connectivity, and those are the things that we think are important that will differentiate Allegion, is making it simple for the end user to operate and integrate with the systems, fire, access, alarms, potentially HVAC in a simple way. And that's where our direction will be and we think it will make a difference for Allegion.
David D. Petratis: Your question is in terms of future demand, quotations is strong. As I go out and meet with customers, demand is strong, our backlog is healthy and we think it's reflective of how we see the next 12 to 18 months. In particular, I spent some heavy time here, I had time working with our economists, and we see good drivers in primary demand. We see this what I call incoming variance. I think the market is somewhat capped on the availability of labor, but it will push this recovery even longer and it's a little bit like a snow pile. The demand is there and we like our position in it.
David D. Petratis: Having to bake the first 24 months around doors, the role that it plays in the marketplace, our competitive positioning, we've invested in both mechanical capability and people to enhance our Steelcraft competitiveness and on-time delivery. We've acquired Republic Doors. We feel extremely good about the position that we had, but we feel you must have regional capability, laid out adaptation capability and the ability to provide that adaptation and local delivery in the markets. We're going to continue to drive that strategy. And we like the growth dimension that it gives, especially in some of these light commercial areas. We had a question earlier about that light commercial. It's helping us grow in that part of the market that was underserved by Allegion.
David D. Petratis: So commercial retrofit, we'll also refer to it as channel led, we continue to build that out, but if we use a baseball analogy, we're in the sixth, seventh inning, still work to be done because it's a people-led driven thing, continues to exceed our expectations. A good part of the market, good partnering with our channel partners as well as locksmiths, so feel good about that. In terms of the electronics growth, we like the growth. It's a new market for us. The market does not adapt quickly. We're taking mechanical guys, flipping them to electronic guys and so we're moving much faster on the res, multi-family, and we think that's the opportunity for growth. Clearly, this electronics evolution will grow at low-double digits and we think we're positioned well to be able to grow in that space.
David D. Petratis: That would be overall growth. Put the commercial institutional side as high-single-digit growth, it will adapt at a slower pace, but it will move over the next strategic planning period.
David D. Petratis: So, slightly positive in Q2; neutral, I'd say, in the second half of the year, both price improving as well as cost inflation.
David D. Petratis: So, as we indicated, we went out with the price increase announced about a month prior to quarter end. We believe that had the effect of bringing forward some orders and shipments, hard to quantify, but there was a spike in some activity. It did have the effect of mitigating kind of the ERP implementation, the effect that we saw in terms of last year. So hey, look, hard to quantify in terms of whether it's three to four points. But clearly, there was some pull forward from Q3 into Q2. But I think, as I think about it, looking forward on a full-year basis, again really strong revenue growth and the outlook up 50 basis points in Americas. I would make this observation with it. We were quick to pull the trigger on that price increase. We would typically give more advanced notice, and it didn't give the pop that may create some drag in the second half. So we needed to react to the inflation that we're seeing, but it wouldn't measure up the historical price increases in terms of pulling a bunch of the volume forward.
David D. Petratis: Currency. We upped our overall reported revenue growth and that's due to favorable exchange rates predominantly on translation, so it is an improvement year-over-year, but not too much flow-through in terms of earnings.
David D. Petratis: Strong electronics, this would come from SimonsVoss in our hospitality business. Core business, market performed. We could have done better if our supply chain was running. So you hear us talk about we moved production capabilities to Eastern Europe and we made progress on that, but we left some revenue on the table. It will get better every quarter, as we go over the next 12 months.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah, so our full-year guide on investment spending is $0.15 to $0.20 impact. That hasn't changed since our going out at the beginning of the year. We saw a little bit of uptick in Q2 that was planned. I would continue to think that Q3 be kind of a similar level, then taper down a little bit in Q4, again all according to our plan as Dave highlighted seeing some really good benefits relative to the investments both in our channel segmentation as well as new product development. I think a lot of that is helping us drive above-market growth relative to the overall industry. As we look forward to 2018, it's a little early to tell right now. As we've talked previously, we look at each year independently. Each year comes up with different potential opportunities that we look at in terms of (a) investments, how we are going to manage that relative to expectations and earnings, what's our degree and capability to execute on particular programs, but we will continue to invest in the business and believe that will continue to drive above-market performance in both revenue growth as well as earnings. Will it be higher than this year? I think probably not, but again we'll take a closer look in our planning process in the back half of this year. But your last question, what could we do in a market downturn, I mean a lot of these are variable related to the extent that some is demand creation and you could certainly shut off a spicket related to that if we needed to. Some of them are head count related. We monitor those, so that's kind of toggled basis of the – how the market's performing, how we're performing. And so, that's something if, for example, we went into the year with higher incremental investment spend and the market outlook turned south on us, we could shut that down as well. Like any good business, we would manage the cost side of the business basis of the market demand.
Patrick S. Shannon: I wanted to just add in. I continue to feel very good about the progress that we make over time in Europe. The CISA move more – has a lot of complexity. There's a lot of SKUs and as we start up those SKUs in our new manufacturing capability, it put some chop into demand, but we made progress in improving customer satisfaction and reducing backlog in the quarter. I expect that to continue over the next 12 months.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah, so I would characterize it as maybe a little cautiousness in the second half of the year. We had better visibility going into 2017, and as you indicated, really strong growth in the first half of the year, still strong performance in the second half of the year is the expectation. We did raise the guide on both organic and total revenue growth, and that's reflective of very strong first half of the year. Pretty strong organic growth in the second half of the year. I'd say a couple of things, a little cautiousness. Order intake has been a little, I'd say, choppy relative to what we saw in the first part of the year. And I think that's more from a capacity, industry perspective, and the ability to absorb all the new construction activity. So, hey, look, still the market outlook isn't changing, and we're still bullish on the market dynamics and what we're seeing in terms of bid quote activity, specification writing activity, et cetera.
Patrick S. Shannon: So, not so much on the electronics migration. That is growing faster than the overall business, and as we've talked about previously, that's a great trend for us because of the higher selling price but similar margin, so it doesn't really impact the margin profile of the business, but does contribute higher EBIT dollars which obviously we like. The mix is more a function of the – particularly in Americas the residential business growing double digit, non-res single digit and some of that's the tough comp we had relative to last year. But as you know, the residential business operates at a lower operating margin, and with a higher growth from that, you have a mix effect there. Also geographically, Europe had some unfavorable mix just based on the country mix. In Asia Pacific, it was more generated around a specific region, had a couple of one-time orders last year in North Asia that normally carried a higher margin than say in markets like China or Southeast Asia.
Patrick S. Shannon: Yeah. So you may recall last quarter, we increased guidance, I think, by $0.05 and that was predominantly due to the iDevices gain as well as tax benefit expectations. We guided lower on the effective tax rate. So some of the benefit that we saw in Q2 was already baked in. Now basis of our full-year guide, the 19% to 18.5%, that implies second-half effective tax rate higher, low-20s say, to kind of get at that range. So there is some pressure there, if you will, year-over-year in the back half with the effective tax rate.
