John Stone: Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 11. And as we look at the remainder of 2023, we're tightening our full-year revenue outlook, while also increasing our earnings per share outlook. We now expect the Americas segment to be between 15% to 16% for total growth and 7.5% to 8.5% organically. Within the Americas, we expect to see nonresidential organic growth up high-single to low-double-digits. We expect the residential business to be relatively flat as electronics growth is expected to offset mechanical weakness in that segment. As a reminder, our supply chain challenges in our Americas business began to recover in the second half of last year. So, we'll have a tougher, comparable period in the second half of 2023. Additionally, due to our improved lead times this year and their impact on our nonresidential customers' ordering patterns, seasonality is expected to be somewhat flatter than what Allegion's history would imply. For international, we expect revenue to be down 1% to flat in total and down 1% to 2% organically. The comparison for the international business is somewhat easier in the second half of 2023 as weaker market conditions really started to set in during the second half of last year. All in, for the company, our growth outlook reflects total revenue growth to be between 11.5% to 12.5%, with organic revenue growth of 5.5% to 6.5%. As a result of our team's strong operational execution and favorable first half margin performance, we're raising our adjusted EPS outlook for the year and believe it will be between $6.70 and $6.80, which is approximately 12% to 13.5% over the prior-year period. And as you heard from Mike, this is primarily driven by operations execution. Lastly, we're increasing our outlook on available cash flow for 2023 to be in the $500 million to $520 million range. Please go to Slide 12. So, in summary, Allegion delivered a solid first half of 2023. And like we said at Investor Day, we've returned to a high operating level. Our teams are executing very well. Also at Investor Day, we laid out the Allegion operating model that I'd like to go back and revisit a little bit, about driving organic growth, compounding that organic growth with both margin expansion and capital deployment, resulting in double-digit EPS growth. And I feel we're well on track to deliver all of that for 2023. Our end markets are stable, demand is steady, electronics will continue to fuel our overall revenue growth as we stay focused on our vision of enabling seamless access in a safer world. I'm confident in our outlook and very proud of what our team and our distribution partners delivered this quarter and in my first year with Allegion. So, with that, we can open up the Q&A.
John Stone: Yes. Julian, thanks for the question. And we see some of those same things, and I think when I look -- if you disaggregate Americas non-res a little bit, the institutional segment in particular shows -- continues to flash signals of resilience. Healthcare, education, even airports that probably are still in the benefiting phase from the Infrastructure Bill because airport terminal renewal was one of the funding principle there of that bill. But the institutional segment continues to show good signals, positive signals. And as you know, that's where our business a bit heavily-weighted. Now that being said, are there pockets of weakness, major metro, commercial office? I mean, that's been soft for sure. That's no secret. But we're also late-cycle. We're heavily-weighted towards institutional. That segment seems pretty resilient. So, in general, yes, we feel, again, that our exposure in non-res is quite stable. The end markets are stable there.
John Stone: Yes. Joe, I think you would find -- and we find on our channel checks and customer visits, a very wide range of answers there. I think our two-step distribution partners, our wholesalers would have a different answer than some of the more traditional contract hardware distributors. And our integrated hardware distributors might have a different answer. I think, in aggregate, we still hear comments like aftermarket activity is very strong, particularly in the non-res space, again, and then the leading macros would say the institutional segment is still pretty resilient. So, we still see, I'd say, good levels of sell-through. And the inventory state of the business is going to be different within the channel. Overall, I think the best way to think about it is you just listen to what Mike said and think first half, second half, 50-50 as kind of the way we see 2023 working out.
John Stone: Yes. Josh, we'll segment is down a little bit. So, I think when you look at mechanical products broadly, as we indicated in the comments, residential mechanical for us is indeed soft, offset by very strong electronics performance. In the non-res side, I think that dynamic -- again, you can imagine if, for the last eight, nine, 10 months, you're placing your orders and you're not getting delivery for 15, 20 weeks, and then suddenly you're getting delivery and two to four weeks. It takes a little bit to work through that. I think channel checks have anecdotally indicated things to us, like when you look across the Americas, places like the Midwest, South, Southeast, really, really strong. And if you go to some major metro areas that are probably a bit heavy commercial losses, they're pretty light. So, it's pockets of strength and pockets of weakness. On balance, we still see good sell-through. We still see that the non-res market is stable, primarily supported by the institutional segment.
John Stone: Yes. I'd say short of talking about any specific targets or anything, I would feel very good about the top of our funnel in terms of looking for acquisition targets. I think, again, think of us as a pure-play provider of security and access solutions. We've talked a lot about the importance of electronics, the importance of controlling software, really driven by the increasing use of smartphone wallets and mobile credentials. That as a macro tailwind really propelling and giving new uses for smart hardware, electronic access control solutions. We feel, again, as an industry, that's still -- all the signals we can find, that's still high-single-digit growth that we can tend to outperform by a point or two and get Allegion's performance in the low-double-digit range. And certainly acquisitions plays a part in that. And I think as we've said now, you can look for us to be acquisitive, you can look and expect us to also be a disciplined buyer. But we do see acquisitions playing a key role in our overall growth strategy.
John Stone: Yes. I'll take a little bit different angle and hope it still answers your question, Andrew. But it's a good...
John Stone: Thank you. So, I'd say, the portable security business, without a doubt, volume drag. No doubt about it. As Mike mentioned in the prepared comments, the post-COVID demand spike that you saw in that space was quite dramatic. We do expect that market is going to normalize as you get into 2024 and '25. But I'd say -- and we're not alone and seeing this or commenting on it, but residential in general in Europe is rather weak. And that's by and large a mechanical business. So, those volumes are under pressure. There is no doubt. Our electronics and software solutions would still be probably the low-double to mid-teens organic growth. So, we feel really good there, which is, again, more than the commercial side of our business, the non-res side of our business. APAC for us, we do have some China exposure, it's not a lot, but there's no doubt, China is under a lot of pressure. And so, our relatively small but profitable business there is certainly lower relatively speaking. Australia-New Zealand, pretty steady, pretty stable, kind of falling in line with what you'd see in the Americas, just stable end markets, our teams are performing well there.
John Stone: You're very kind in your comments, Andrew. I'd say looking at the institutional segment, you don't see quite the amplitude of volatility that you might see in other parts of the commercial business. It's a little bit steadier. It's a little bit more stable. That is the segment that we performed very well in. That's a segment where codes, compliance, safety standards for your building really matter. And that's where Allegion differentiates and I think really excels. Healthcare has been pretty resilient, education has been pretty resilient. And that's both higher ed and K through 12. School safety is always important. Allegion has for a long time been a very proud and vocal advocate for proper standards, proper codes, and compliance. We've increased our human resources, human capital in that space, and continue to be, I think, a very positive participant in the industry for school safety there. When we look at things to the second half, to your question, like muni bonds and state tax revenues, the picture is actually pretty stable, pretty favorable, I'd say. State tax revenues look to be relatively high, like what you saw back in the '08, '09 crash. The environment is a little different this year, maybe some COVID stimulus, maybe just good economic growth, very low unemployment, etc. The tax revenues at the state level seems to be pretty good from the data that we see. Bond issuance in '21 and '22 was very high. And obviously, it has taken a bit of a dip here, but it seems to be sequentially recovering somewhat. Then also remember, Andrew, Allegion is a late-cycle. So, from bond issuance to budget development to projects being firmed up, to shovel in the dirt, so to speak, to finally, door-to-door hardware going on, that can take some time. And so, I think, in general, looking at bond issuance over the long term, drawing a trend line there, you can kind of understand why that segment we see is particularly stable. And so, I'd say, again, flashing signals of resilience in the institutional segment would be the way we see it.
John Stone: Yes, the electronics, should we expect to see a similar ordering pattern and adjustment in lead times, etc. Lead times have been coming down. I'd say that is the portion of our business where lead times are still a little bit extended, certainly down from the peaks that we saw in the middle of last year, but maybe not yet back to normal, but have been on a pretty good glide path getting back to a more normal, say, four- to six-week kind of lead time for those products. And backlogs are still a little bit elevated there. Demand is still strong. If you see the -- our Investor Day material talking about the non-res mechanical segment being a low-single-digit growth industry, the electronics portion would be high-single-digit growth. So, I think that's the main thing, is we see that as the key growth driver. So, will that same dynamic pop up in the channel? It certainly could. Yet to be seen. And I think as we all get a little bit smarter here and having gone through these quite volatile and dynamic times of the supply chain, maybe with good work, we can we can mitigate it, but yet to be seen. I guess, I don't have a real good detailed forecast for you there. But we'll be watching out for it.
John Stone: Yes. A really good question, David, and we're always thrilled to talk about Access Technology. There has been a great add to the Allegion portfolio. I'd say the service side of the business has historically been about 40% of the total. It has also historically grown around the low-double-digit rate, high-single, low-double-digit rate. And so, we feel really good about that. We see lots of future opportunities and potential there as our overall, our total Allegion's service capabilities continue to expand and grow. Then, I'd say in terms of international presence with Access Technologies, it's quite small. And so, it's not zero, but it's quite small. This is mainly an Americas business, and where we really focus the investments for new product development and just really staying close to those customer requirements.
John Stone: Yes. So, I think, certainly, it's human capital-intensive business, right? These are very highly qualified, very highly trained, very professional service technicians that go out and do this work. I'd say it's a lot of things. We've got to put better productivity tools in their hands, better diagnostic tools in their hands. We're working on a variety of technology there. And then as we work together with certain channel partners as well, making sure we've got the right coverage and the right people to take care of those customers. So, the human element is important. Absolutely. Technology is also important there.
John Stone: Yes. Don't take advantage of me. Come on. These -- again, these people are hard to find. I won't sugarcoat it. These are very highly skilled, very professional technicians. But we put a lot of investment into training and support as well. And so, we have to be very choosy, because these technicians are the ones keeping our customers up and running. So, it's not just hire as many as you can, it's hire the best. And that's what we focus on doing. Thanks very much for the questions.
John Stone: Yes. I appreciate the question because we were really proud of what the international team put up in 2Q. Flat revenues, roughly, and still driving margin expansion, to your point. Price productivity net of inflation and investments is a positive dynamic for that group. I'd say, like previous quarters, the Allegion international business is on a much more firm foundation as a business, and we're continuing to find improvement opportunities. So, Tim and the team are performing very, very well. We're proud of what they're accomplishing. And I think we're making good progress against the goals that we've got set out for international. I appreciate you calling that out.
John Stone: Thanks very much. And thanks, everyone, for a really great Q&A. And just to really quickly wrap up the main themes you've heard today. Electronics continues to be a strong growth engine for us and we believe we're in the early innings of adoption there within the industry. The driver here is the flexibility and added layers of security that are available when you adopt smart hardware and mobile credentials. Our end markets are stable, and while we saw a softening in volumes this quarter, as customers adjusted to our improved lead times, indication from our channels show steady demand, stable end markets. The Allegion team continues to deliver outstanding operational performance. Our team is controlling the things they can control and they're executing very well, in my opinion. This is marked by strong margin expansion and increased cash flow. With this, we're confident in our performance for the remainder of the year and raising our full-year EPS outlook as a result. Thanks very much. Have a nice day.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, Julian. If you think about the guide, the last few years, we really struggled with lead times and we got considerably better the end of last year. Our channel partners were maybe a little late to adjust to our reduced lead times. So, what we saw in the second quarter is they're starting to adjust that ordering pattern to our reduced lead times. Especially on the mechanical side, they're back down to normal and were, let's say, at March 31. It took a little longer for them to adjust their ordering. So, they're burning through some of the work that they previously ordered. As you know, we're mostly a made-to-order business, but channel partners will order based on what they think manufacturers can provide product at. And so, we did have some of that choppiness in the second quarter that you saw. When you think about the business in general, I talked about this at Investor Day, expect for us to be total company roughly 50-50 first half to back half. And as you look at our guide right now, you would say it's roughly 50-50 as a company. So, I do think in the second quarter, we did see that channel partners are adjusting to our improvement operationally, which is great because we put a lot of effort to get back to operating at a high level. And then second part of your question related to markets, I'll kind of let John answer that.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. Thanks for the question, Julian. Historically, you know us, we are -- we don't guide quarters. But if you think about our business, usually we have a step-down in Q4 versus Q3 in the Americas, and it's reverse in international. If you think of the Americas this year, we would expect that to be more flatter than normal. So, the way you're thinking about without giving numbers is correct. You shouldn't see as big a drop-off from Q3 to Q4 when you model this versus, let's say, historical norms.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. So, Joe, a great question. As you know, obviously, the back half of the year won't have as much margin expansion year-over-year as first half just because the back half of last year was pretty strong. And so, as a result, we still expect to see margin expansion in the back half in total. But it won't be as strong as what you saw in the last two quarters just due to the prior year comp. If you think of last year, we started to really pick up operationally back half. Long-term on Investor Day, I talked about that 50 basis-point to 100 basis-point improvement, that's part of our operating model, and we still believe on a long-term basis, we can deliver margin expansion in those levels. Quarter-to-quarter, it could change by a prior-year comp. But think of the operating model where we're going to drive price and productivity to offset and fund that inflation and investment, drive some expansion with that and the volume leverage. So, in total, the operating model I talked about in length at Investor Day still holds, and we feel good about the progress we've made in our operational execution over the last four quarters.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. Joe, we've talked about this in the past. We fell behind starting in the back half of '21. And we put efforts in to catch up to that inflation dynamic that we struggled with in years past. I feel like we did a pretty good job and have caught up now. The last pricing actions we put in, in our non-res business were earlier this year as we discussed in previous earnings calls. So, as you think about back half pricing, you will see a step-down in the realization percentage, only because the prior-year comp started to accelerate last year. So, if you take a look at last year Q2 to Q3 to Q4, you get an idea of what happened, then you can model the price realization this year on, knowing that the pricing actions have been put in the marketplace. I think it's important to note. We drive pricing actions to kind of recover that inflationary pressures, coupled with productivity and investments. So, that four-item dynamic I've talked about over the last year, that still holds. But you will see a step-down in the realization percentage due to the prior-year comparable.
Mike Wagnes: Yes, Joe. I really don't want to give individual numbers, but I will say you are seeing an improvement in our productivity and in our efficiency, right? So, as we -- our supply chains normalize, and we operate at a higher level, we are driving a higher level of productivity than what you saw in '22, '21. And so, we're really excited about the momentum we have in productivity. We expect that to continue as an organization. And we do expect to continue to invest in our business to drive that top-line growth, thinking about the great opportunity that electronics and software provides us. So, we'll continue to invest in the business. But what you saw this quarter, you do have better operational efficiency and productivity as that has been a focus for us.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. I don't want to forecast or guide that dynamic. Just make sure you get the margin rate right as you look at our EPS guide and revenue. I kind of gave you the pricing as well so you can back into the -- all the dynamics you need for your model. But expect to see margin expansion in the back half. And then as you look at quarters, just be cognizant of our Q3, Q4 comparables of last year as well.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. And just add, Ryan, just remember, that electronics, we talked about it extensively at Investor Day, about what a real strong long-term growth driver that is for us. So, demand there, as John mentioned, is still really strong. So, as you think about that business moving forward, that electronics business should be a double-digit growth long-term driver for us. So, this is not a couple of quarters of growth, this is a long-term growth opportunity for us.
Mike Wagnes: Yes. What you'll see, David, a couple of dynamics in the second quarter. And I talked about it earlier in the prepared remarks. Admittedly, Q2 last year was a little weaker. So, you do have some growth here due to a weaker previous year. But still, this is now four quarters in a row, really strong growth in electronics. We saw strength in both electronics growth in resi as well as non-res. So, both were strong in the quarter. And as we look forward to the end of the year, the back half, we expect to see good growth in electronics. The one thing I'll remind you is the comps in the back half of last year get much tougher, particularly, in electronics, right? So, if you remember last year, we threw some pretty robust numbers up in the back half. So, just make sure you take that into consideration when you model your electronics. But overall, still expect to have some good growth this year and beyond this year in electronics in both res and non-res.
Mike Wagnes: Brett, we think about gross margins for the organization moving higher over time as we drive the price productivity in excess of the inflation and investments and we leverage volume growth. So, I don't think it's just in electronics, I think as an organization, we're going to drive margin expansion. With respect to electronics, I would say there are roughly similar percentages, but with a higher selling price, electronics will give us a little more dollars per every unit of sale. That's a dynamic we've talked about in the past. So, it's great when we can upsell to an electronic device, and it's something we're focused to drive long term.
