Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to slide 13. Looking at full-year revenue guidance we are increasing our growth expectations for the year by a full point. We are increasing total revenue expectations in the Asia-Pacific region by 3% reflecting the inclusion of the Brio acquisition, partially offset by additional currency headwinds in Australia and New Zealand. In the Americas we are improving total revenue by 1% supported by first half organic growth and favorable contributions from new product and channel initiatives. We continue to project year-over-year improvements in the U.S. markets. Institutional markets continue to grow slowly with improvement in higher education markets while K-12 education continued to lag driven by modest state funding increases. Our outlook for institutional recovery remains favorable, although we are watching labor availability that may struggle to meet demand in the midterm. Residential construction markets continue to grow as inventory continues to tighten. Foreclosure rates are at the highest since 2006 and mortgage rates continue to remain low. However, builders are facing challenges with land availability and labor shortages. Our revenue outlook remains unchanged for the EMEIA region. I would characterize the market as stable overall, but uneven across countries. We see growth in the U.K. and Spain, flat performance in Italy, [Audio Gap] offset new construction and continued weakness in France. The Russian ruble depreciation is driving negative revenue growth for our Eastern European business as imports into that region have declined considerably. In Asia Pacific we continue to expect favorable growth across the region and see China slowing due to excessive debt and industrial capacity glut and ongoing real estate recession. Australia's residential construction market has been positive but commercial construction continues to lag expectation. Market growth for the overall Asia Pacific region will remain in the low to mid single-digits for the year. Inclusive of the revenue update we are updating our full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations to a range of $2.70 to $2.80 and the reported EPS of $2.51 to $2.63, which incorporates the first quarter Venezuelan devaluation incurred, acquisition expenses in the second quarter and full year estimated expenses related to the announced restructuring plan in Italy. The guidance does not reflect announced acquisitions not yet closed. Please go to slide 14. The second quarter results were very strong and represented solid growth with a 5.8% organic revenue increase, a 40 basis point margin expansion and EPS growth of over 16%. Our markets are essentially as we expected at the beginning of the year and we continue to make progress on new product introductions in our channel initiatives. Our results demonstrate alignment with our strategic growth pillars and we continue to expand our acquisition capability as indicated in our recent announcements. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: So Jeff, we've got major competitors that you know that have formidable positions in the marketplace with technology. We think moving into the market with open platforms helps us to grow more quickly. We also as we listen and survey customers, customers in the security space as well as the electrical space that I come from do not want to be handcuffed by legacy systems. And as we can integrate more open protocols we think it's a better way to grow and ultimately it will end up that way. So that's our perspective. Our technical people have more insight to it, but in my viewing if technology advanced in some of the year open platforms I think enhances our opportunity for growth.
Dave Petratis: So, we continue to be committed on the base business the 10%, I think hopefully we're building credibility with you in terms of where we came from. The trajectory has been good. Second, a core opportunity for us is to get our structure right in our announcements in Italy and our work with the union processors in that direction. Third is around targeted segmented markets we're doing well in electronics and hospitality that's part of our overall 20% growth in electronics and we think the addition of SimonsVoss and AXA helps us to drive that. SimonsVoss I'll comment on in particular, SimonsVoss has done extremely well in Germany, in the Germanic area, the influence markets. We think our positions Italy, Spain, U.K., France open doors to that and can help us to take a market that we think is going to be difficult from a macro standpoint to grow and improve.
Dave Petratis: I believe SimonsVoss allows us the opportunity to walk in to a specifier and drive a spectrum in technical discussion and will allow us to pull through more of our historical product strengths, exit devices, closers whatever. We blacked that and it really changes the game.
Dave Petratis: So, I'm confident you're aware of our position with Kryptonite. We like that business. We had to, to grow kryptonite, especially in Europe we are going to have to make investments to grow that in some of the markets that Axa brings. As I think about portable locking, it will again move into a keyless environment in a percentage of those locks. We like that transition and you know, I like to drive our teams here. Can we be a global leader in portable locking. This is a bigger market than you may anticipate. So the movement with Axa Stenman complements that and that would be some of our thinking in terms of that acquisition.
Dave Petratis: Our pipeline across the business is active. You know, that would include portable locking, that would include further electronics and geographical expectations. I think what we showed with the three announcements is, really starting with the Dorma acquisition pipeline, this $30 billion mechanical market remains fragmented and there's opportunities for us to move and complement our portfolio that we enjoy today.
Dave Petratis: I would step in here too. You know, I really challenge myself, three acquisitions in the quarter, are we ready? If you think about the last 18 months, we spun out a $2 billion company, have established credibility with due systems processes. I'm confident we can handle these acquisitions that we've announced this quarter and future opportunities that may come based on what we've done and delivered over the last 18 months.
Dave Petratis: So, first priority is to grow our mechanical core business in the region. Second is as we are acquiring, you see it's more of a Pacific rim that doesn't mean we wouldn't be interested in a Chinese based asset. We just think there's some sorting out there, the markets had some difficulty, but we are opportunistic in the region, it's around our core business. We think it's key and then integrate the electronics. They will also, the Milre acquisition what we're doing globally, the electronics is going to move there and be opportunistic in terms of that.
Dave Petratis: No, I mean I think that characterizes it fairly good. You know, on the M&A stuff, you would think kind of mid single digit accretion next year which is kind of in the bandwidth of what you indicated. You know a lot can be dependent upon the final outcome of the purchase price allocation, but that's certainly within the realm of possibility.
Dave Petratis: Let me just follow-on comment, just so everyone is clear on that. So that would exclude acquisition and integration related expenses. So to the extent we incur additional one-time related costs, i.e. expenses for third party assistance, while it be integration or a third party cost to help complete the transaction, those costs will be excluded from those accretion numbers.
Dave Petratis: So raw material commodities represent maybe 10% of our purchase material and obviously we see that from components from other suppliers. We don’t see the immediate effect of reduction in commodity prices because we inherited supplier locks that hedge our cost kind of going out on a 12 month basis. Some of that is unhedged. So we see some, but not the immediate impact, but as we kind of look at the numbers for this year, deflation has helped us and we would expect that to kind of continue for the balance of the year.
Dave Petratis: So the labor negotiations are, it's really government labor negotiations in Italy are going as planned. I think we have done a good job to follow the process and then been inclusive with the important officials that are critical to make a process like this go correctly. Those are active, that’s as far as I want to go with that. We want to make sure that we respect the institution and people and put the business in a comparative position long-term.
Dave Petratis: I'll just reinforce that our commitment is to 10% with the base and I'm really proud of the progress we’re making towards that.
Dave Petratis: Yes, so pricing has improved year-over-year sequentially improved a little bit particularly in the commercial segment, saw a little step up there. We anticipated that to carry through for the balance of the year. It is the residential side of the house, that’s been a little bit under pressure in a discontinuance of certain products and rotating in some of the electronic products that we talked about, so a little pressure there on the pricing. I would anticipate for the full year pricing to be little under 1% is kind of what we’re anticipating for the full year guidance.
Dave Petratis: The strong residential growth if you remember we want new products D&D with Engage Technology, Schlage Sense. There is interest on the residential to the mid market and upper market, the want connected locks and we are in the A position there so that drives it. And then as we have invested in new technologies, whether it’s in educational sector in dorms with our NDE, these markets are growing. I think we said early on they would be at 6% to 8% growth for electronics and that adoption is happening and we've got good products and technical application ability to be able to position it and we like our position.
Dave Petratis: So I think the market, we too made some obvious observations, the price of businesses are high today, you have to judge that versus your strategy does it make sense, can I fold this in and make a go. Second, the market leaders have been extremely successful in the roll up of the industry in some cases they are landmarked. They have got positions that preclude them from making moves. That doesn’t mean that we can’t and because our positions are different. There is still opportunity in all areas of the world for Allegion to grow through acquisition and organically the market leader has been on a path of 15 years you could where they run into some of these challenges. So we think it is a good space. I continue to expect this industry to consolidate and that is an opportunity for us.
Dave Petratis: So we've identified light commercial R&R in the channel as an opportunity early. I’m pleased with our execution on that. I think there has been some analysis by firms on the phone our organic growth not only this quarter, but back over several quarters as lead our industry and the development in the light commercial R&R is fuelling that. I would say we are continuing on our earlier – we are in the early innings of that acquisition and I’m pleased with the outcomes that it’s adding to our growth.
Dave Petratis: Maybe too early there. If you understand some of the drivers of our programs, I think we’re making early gains, short lead times, in stock availability in our factories and that’s part of what I call the advancement of that program. For us to be very successful, I want our inventory on the shelves of our committed wholesale partners and then I’ll back that up with the superior lead time capability in customer service that we’ve got.
Dave Petratis: Still in its early infancy, there has been a lot of moving parts in progress made in Europe, but we’ve made one or two incremental adds, but implementing the overall strategy to drive at the targeted segments we have got more work to do.
Dave Petratis: Our focus has really been the elimination of profitable business. Europe is going to be a difficult pricing environment. We’ve got to use outstanding customer service. We have dramatically improved on-time delivery in Europe and it will help us. At the addition of SimonsVoss so that we can have a spec driven discussion I think will lead for us to see some price realization versus straight price increases.
Dave Petratis: So absolutely, you go through a factory, things like standard work process and some systems are key to how we think so we think that's an opportunity. Second is we've made some pretty significant investments over the years and continue to invest in things like configurators. Common configuraters around the world will help us drive that capability and if one of the advantages we have, we've got a big successful operation here in North America. The more we can think like a global company and take advantages of our positions globally it will help us grow.
Dave Petratis: From a continental perspective, yes. We've got our pockets of strength in Italy in the Middle East of all laces because of fancy driven specs that are moving in there, but we want to build on it. We see this as an opportunity. SimonsVoss will complement them.
Dave Petratis: All right thanks Jeff. All right, thanks everybody. We'd like everyone to participate. For participating in today's call, please contact Tom Martineau if you've got any further questions. Have a great day.
Jeff Kessler: All right, great, and thank you very much and congratulations on these acquisitions and gradually to Franklin [ph] over the there.
Jeff Kessler: Okay and so as essentially you’re in the communication protocol and Engage is the major differentiating factor because it can interact with all of the other pieces of your puzzle.
Jeff Kessler: Okay and just a quick follow up on the spec com that you made. Your strength in the United States has certainly been your capability of spec writers and writing the code and being ahead of everybody else with your, I guess that we can call it the trust factor, the fact that you’re not going to screw up. Is there anyway even though obviously things are very, very different in Europe for your to, if you want to say clone or bring over talent from the U.S. to Europe in either training or work or just making them into European spec writers.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so three questions there. I'll try to take them in order. You know, in terms of the pipeline, as Dave mentioned since the spin, it's been all about building capabilities, getting resources focused on building the pipeline. I think we've done a pretty good job at that and have been able to complete some transactions here. You know, I think the last three announced transactions in the last 30 days or so is more a factor of just kind of availability, two of which were auctioned assets and so those come and go and add some flows and that type of a thing, but we continue to build the pipeline and we like what we see. We think there are some more opportunities that we would like to pursue and we are going to continue to do that. In terms of our confidence relative to the integration of the acquisitions, yes the team there is working on a lot of things, not only the transformation of the business, but also staffing up to integrate the acquired businesses. I like our opportunities there. I think we got a great team in place there as well as the employees that we've acquired from the businesses. From an integration perspective we've got a fairly disciplined process. We are going to hire external assistance, third-party provider that will help us accelerate the process to really focus on the value drivers and the synergies attached to the acquisitions. We've got teams in place and we're beginning to work on the necessary activities to integrate the businesses. So I feel pretty good there, in terms of how we're delegating the resources across the business to be able to tackle all of those opportunities.
Patrick Shannon: Your last question Tim, on the financials, our first focus obviously is to focus on getting the transactions closed, subject to regulatory approvals. The Milre deal hopefully will close here in the next week or so. The other ones we need to hear back from the regulators, hopefully before the end of this quarter and from an accretion perspective I would anticipate slight accretion for this year and then for 2016, obviously we'll come back to you with more specific guidance when we come out of our full year plan attached with those acquisitions.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so kind of low double digits, you know in aggregates. The other thing I had mentioned to you as well is that, if you kind of look again in aggregate, all five transactions, those that have been closed and announced, strong EBITDA margins, more of our industry-leading position in aggregate, strong cash flow characteristics i.e. low working capital CapEx requirements. So these fit into our core market-leading financial characteristics and we think they all provide excellent growth opportunities, particularly leveraging both of our strong distribution networks.
Patrick Shannon: And your question related to the operating margins so the target has always been 10% base business kind of flat volume, that's still the objective. We’re marching towards that. We have some more things that we need to execute. And relative to the acquisitions, yes they are accretive to the EMEIA, EBIT margins and you will see that come through when the transactions are consummated and particularly next year.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, from a margin perspective, as we outlined really good growth there, like the progress that we’re seeing, both on the residential commercial side of the house. Margin standpoint, I would say it is very similar, but what we do see is higher selling point price and of course that would contribute to higher arrive dollars. So the trend in terms of growth rates in electronics versus mechanical is a good one and one that we want to continued to spend.
Patrick Shannon: So, it’s interesting to ponder the future convergence here. I think you have to go back to the macro forecast of 6% to 8% globally, but let’s not underestimate there is 1 billion locks in the world. And the transformation because of mobile credentials is going to happen over the next five to 10 years globally and the market opportunity for us is very good. So I think you’re right in your assessment 20% year-over-year is not going to happen, but that we should be north of that 6% to 8% global is certainly realistic and complementary acquisitions like Milre, Systek and SimonsVoss I think enhances our position. This strategy on open protocols I think will also complement us over time.
Patrick Shannon: Yes I would just add to Dave that I think the team is part of this transformation and the focus on the front end of the business also. The market segmentation and looking at what pricing we can get on a customer by customer basis has really helped and if you look at the results, I mean you are seeing some incremental pricing come through even in kind of a flat low inflation environment.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, so I would anticipate again the comps get a little bit easier particularly in Q4, but the level of investment, Q3 would be similar to what you saw here in Q2 in terms of year-over-year and then Q4 there is a pretty big drop in terms of the increase in incremental expenditure relative to the prior year.
Patrick Shannon: So, I think our greatest advantage is to be able to leverage and continued to drive that technology into our full portfolio, not only beyond Schlage cylindrical lock, center mortise, and the Von Duprin AX devices potentially the closures and the over access environment. I think that’s going to be very difficult for a competitor to overcome. If that mechanical strength leverage with this communication protocol that I think really puts water in the mold.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, and we've got work to do bringing the rest of that puzzle into the connected pipeline but we’re going to make it happen over the next 36 months and it builds on the legendary strengths that we had Von Duprin, LCN, Schlage, CISA, I like our opportunity.
