Dave Petratis: Thank you, Patrick. Please go to Slide 12. At the end of Q2, leading indicators continue to be positive. I’m increasingly optimistic on the economic recovery. The Americas residential business continues to be high.  On the non-residential side of Americas, demand accelerated for retrofit, repair and small projects, and is recovering in new construction. However, labor and part charges are proving to be challenging, and we are building a strong backlog that will benefit us in the future.  With these parameters in place, we are raising our outlook for total revenue in the Americas to be at 4.5% to 5% and organic revenue to be up 4% to 4.5% in 2021. In the Allegion International segment, markets continue to recover led by our Germanic and Global Portable Security businesses. Currency tailwinds more than offset the divestiture of our QMI door business and contribute to total growth.  For that region, we are raising our outlook for total revenue growth to 13.5% to 14.5% with organic growth of 8.5% to 9.5%. All-in for total Allegion, we are now projecting total revenue to be up 7% to 7.5% and organic revenue to increase to 5.5% to 6%. We are also raising our earnings per share outlook with reported EPS at a range of $5.15 to $5.30 and adjusted EPS to be between $5.25 and $5.40.  This guide incorporates pricing actions to mitigate the expected impact of direct material inflation. We anticipate these inflationary challenges will persist for the balance of the year, and we will continue to monitor and adapt to changing market conditions.  Our outlook for available capital is also being raised and is now projected to be 490 million to 510 million. The outlook assumes investment spend of approximately $0.20 per share. The full adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 12%. The outlook for outstanding diluted shares continues to be approximately 91 million shares. Please go to Slide 13. Allegion continues its great start in 2021. We have managed the business extremely well and leading indicators of specific market indices related to our business continue to be positive. Looking forward, we are prepared to navigate the pressures related to accelerated inflation in labor and part shortages. We are encouraged by the positive resiliency of our supply chain, and we will continue to manage these challenges for the balance of the year.  Thank you. Now Patrick and I will be happy to take your questions.
Dave Petratis: Yes, I would characterize it this way. And you're right. There's a lot of tyranny in the math. But what we've seen is an acceleration of inflation, predominantly in commodity costs, material components, freight packaging, et cetera. It’s continued to be a headwind. As you know, we're pretty aggressive moving on price. And we're taking similar actions in the back half of this year. We went ahead and announced a price increase that will take effect at the beginning of Q4. So there's going to be some margin pressure, I would say, given the acceleration in inflation, particularly in Q3. I expect price to offset material inflation. The issue is really in some of the other components as it relates to packaging, freight, those type of things, will drive productivity to help mitigate those type of things, like we have previously. But it's going to be a challenge. There will be some margin pressure in the back half of the year. But I feel very confident relative to margin improvement as we go into 2022, predominantly because of the carryover price. And we'll continue to take pricing actions next year. We'll have an improved mix profile, as it relates to the non-residential business growing faster and accelerating more so than the residential business. And we're not going to have these bounce back costs, which were an issue for us in Q2, and will kind of linger during Q3, Q4 this year. So I think to answer your question, Josh, we’ll continue to manage the business. We'll get through some of the supply chain challenges. That in of itself also put a little bit of margin pressure because of some of the inefficiencies at the factories. But we'll manage through it. Margin sequentially will improve in the second half relative to the first half, still down year-over-year. But then in 2022, expect margin improvement to accelerate.
Dave Petratis: So, I want to be clear. The backlog issue is not a residential problem. Our residential backlog is slightly above what we normally run. The backlog creation has been on the commercial side of the business and the rapid build has really happened over the last 60 to 90 days. The commercial backlog predominantly on the Americas business is double normal. And it was really driven by the acceleration of order demand that we started seeing in April. And I’ll give you some backdrop here. If you go back December, January, February, March, and we would have talked about this in the Q1 call, commercial institutional demand in the Americas business was down low double digits, and it's like someone turned on a light. And it's -- extremely pleased with that demand acceleration. We're doing a good job of I think processing that through, but there's supply constraints and it's resulted in a record backlog that I think we'll continue to see. There's been analysts out there that have said, we've done a better job of managing this. And I believe that to be true. Our supply chain is strong and we're going to benefit from that trend. I'd also share one other comment is the macroeconomic forecast on what I'd say the commercial break fix was not particularly clear. In fact, I've got economic reports that would suggest that the repair, replacement would have been soft even today. That switch came back on. We've gained that opportunity. So why couldn't we have seen it? When you shut off access to college campuses, hospitals and commercial buildings for 400 days, you get pent-up demand and that's what we're seeing reacting positively in the marketplace.
Dave Petratis: Yes, so that trend is not uncharacteristic. From a seasonality perspective, margins -- if you kind of look at it over historical time period, stronger back half of the year. So that's not unusual. I think as we characterize sequentially, margins are expected to increase. It's the year-over-year comparisons that we would expect some degradation, just kind of given some of the things we outlined relative to inflation.
Dave Petratis: When we look at the demand relative to what we could ship, there is going to be a disconnect there just kind of given the supply chain constraints. And I think you're aware, Chris, we normally carry a light backlog, highly specified engineered product, quick turnover in our manufacturing facilities to the customer. That has been elevated kind of given some of the constraints. But to answer your question, specifically, it could be 1%, 1.5% kind of total revenue at Allegion that's constrained that we’ll get the revenue. So it's not a question of -- it's just a question of timing. So we look at it as a timing kind of transitory issue. And if the supply chain constraints persist, we'll get that in 2022, which means revenue in '22 would be accelerated more so than the overall market demand.
Dave Petratis: Yes, so we don't really provide revenue by vertical markets. But I would just say, in terms of market demand, i.e. order intake activity, what we're seeing in specification, et cetera, commercial office space is lagging institutional segment. And a lot of that is just not kind of keeping pace with what we're seeing in terms of the rebound in repair, retrofit and new construction. So hopefully that provides you with ample color there.
Dave Petratis: I think in today's presentation, we try to emphasize our build-borrow-buy emphasis and our partnerships with the mega-techs. I certainly see this private labeling, white labeling phenomena. I would just suggest the core part of our business has a level of complexity and connectivity that I'll bet on over the long haul. When you get into a complex business or a complex event space, like you were at ISC West, it's easy to look at this and say, okay, I can have a small offering of white label products. But when you start adding code requirements, master key systems, the connectivity with an Apple, a Google, a Lenel, the game gets a lot tougher.
Dave Petratis: Yes. So, Julian, just as a reminder, last year as we're coming out of the pandemic and demand started to surge for replacement demand on residential products, backlog accelerated, channel inventories were depleted. And so a lot of the revenue growth last year was channel fill; big box retail, e-commerce, et cetera. So you're getting a tough comp, particularly in the second half as it relates to the residential business. And so that's going to impact the comparability, particularly when you're looking at overall Allegion Americas business. As we indicated, non-residential business, starting to show good demand, a little bit constrained relative to the supply chain issues, but we'll start seeing some growth kind of year-over-year. So, it's really that the guide, you have to take into account last year, had a higher growth component associated with channel fill related to the residential business.
Dave Petratis: Yes. And I would -- just a little bit more color on the price productivity inflation dynamic. Included in that guide would include some of the effect of these bounce back costs that we've been highlighting. It was much more pronounced in Q2, but you've got kind of some of those costs that continue in Q3, Q4. So that's some of the pressure as well year-over-year.
Dave Petratis: On the residential side, big box, our res pro [ph] partners, I think the restocking of that supply chain is essentially complete. There is pressure on any type of electronic-related product, again, which we’re navigating well, but that will be a problem that moves through in the next four quarters. On the commercial wholesale side, as I talked about, the bounce back in demand, I think part of that is wholesalers seeing the confidence in the marketplace and restocking, but I think much of it is going straight through because of the availability or really green light on small projects that were delayed over a continued period. So I would suggest that the restocking of the wholesale and contract supply chain will be completed over the next two to three quarters.
Dave Petratis: I would look at the opportunity in K-12 as part of the bounce back, but more a positive as we move into '22 and '23. Americas going to continue to invest in its K-12 infrastructure for a variety of reasons; age, increased security, more automation, and Allegion will benefit from that. It's clearly a positive.
Dave Petratis: I wouldn't say, they're ahead of us. My words to our leaders worldwide is use all tools required to address the extraordinary inflationary forces. We were out with a normal Q1 price increase. We've added surcharges on certain products. And we've announced an end of Q3 price increase, two price increases in a year and the other tools that we're using to mitigate price. I think the industry has been disciplined in our stewardship of making sure that we respond to the incredible inflationary forces that work for us.
Dave Petratis: I think the weakened supply chain is always a strategic item, as we think about positioning the business, one. Number two, I point to our decrementals during the downturn. Our decrementals on a top line basis was softer than any of the competition, meaning as the markets collapsed, our revenues were stronger on those decrementals, and I would point to supply chain. Third is, I think clearly a lot of work going on, I'd say, managing the complexity of what we do. It's everything from boards to grommets to casting. Part of what the Allegion franchise is built on is managing this complexity. Our supply chain does an important part of -- it plays a critical part of that, but it's rethinking those partnerships, making sure that we've got the availability of any type of part to be able to move it. We've made some pretty significant industrial investments in automation. Those will continue. I think as we go through this, labor availability is going to be in scarcity on a worldwide basis. And so automation investments, investing with strong suppliers and producing in region are key drivers for Allegion, Andrew.
Dave Petratis: Yes. So you got it right. Q3 margin decrease year-over-year much more pronounced than Q4. Q4, because of the price increase and some further actions, is still down but improving. Not as far down as 2Q.
Dave Petratis: I think over the last decade, this is an industry that's consolidated. I would suggest that that's not moved at the pace that other industries have. So there's opportunities, half step adjacencies. I think the brightest growth aspect for Allegion is in the seamless access technologies. Part of the corporate spend this year is we're investing to try and better understand the future of seamless access, and where it could be 5 to 10 years out, because of our unique position in. And my message here, the industry is going to continue to consolidate it, but I believe through innovation of our unique position on the door, electronics, your edge device that it will continue to drive nice growth for Allegion.
Dave Petratis: I'd build on that a bit, Tim, to say we've had -- take out the pandemic, we've had five, six years of double digit electronics growth. And clearly the market is moving that way. We've got over the next 24 months a nice pipeline of connected products coming out that it will enhance specific investments in software capabilities, what I call software stacks, that enhance the partnership that we talked about today. You have to have the APIs, SDKs that allow our locks to work in our own ecosystems and work in the complex ecosystems that may be present at a hospital, college campus. We believe this differentiates us versus one horse ponies that come in with a solution in an important part of our future growth. I'd add one other is segmenting the market and understanding the future 5, 10 years out in multifamily, K-12, college campuses and hospitals, we think we have an important role to play in our installed base in this connected environment will leverage Allegion’s growth.
Dave Petratis: In depth, partnerships with the mega-techs which are important, partnerships with the integrators, like Lenel, our venture arm, I think you saw the announcement on Openpath, the sale to Motorola Solutions, an excellent example of how we're playing that game, and then continuing investments in the digital players that help drive our growth.
Dave Petratis: I think you'll see that really gaining some speed Q2 of next year and through the traditional construction season. ABI has been up for three, four consecutive months at really record high at 60. I think we were there for a peak. It takes about 12 to 18 months based on the scope of those projects for us to really start seeing the momentum.
Dave Petratis: As we try and unpack the stimulus package, we certainly see access control, school security as a part of that. Again, it's dominated I think by modernization, things that you talked about, HVAC. We're going to benefit as a result of that stimulus. I would also say, there will continue to be a drive in the K-12 sector to modernize. The average K-12 structure is 40 years old. Security threats persist and access into schools is becoming more sophisticated because of people's edge device, electronic locks, and Allegion is going to benefit from that.
Dave Petratis: I would add to that. The majority of my industrial career in the electrical industry and now security, we have as a guiding management principle as our input costs go up, I expect to capture that plus. And we're very driven on the inputs as well as the pricing systems here. And it's part of our DNA. And it's never been more important as we face inflationary pressures.
Dave Petratis: Yes, Jeff, so thanks for bringing that up. Outstanding performance by the international team, particularly when you're looking at not only margin increase but the top line growth, and that's been a key contributor to the margin expansion there as well. But you may recall, if you kind of look at that segment in isolation, they were probably out in front of this pandemic quicker in terms of reducing costs, managing that side of the equation, restructuring programs that kind of went through both in Europe and Asia Pacific. We also are seeing the benefit of the amalgamation of both the Asia Pacific and European segments coming together as Allegion International. All that combined has really accelerated the margin improvement year-over-year. The restructuring actions, the benefits we saw in the first half, kind of lapped, if you will, beginning in Q3. So you're not going to see the step up in margin expansion year-over-year. Seasonally, you know this Jeff that the margins expand in Q4 for that segment, in particular. We would expect the same seasonal increase. But the year-over-year margin improvement you're not going to see and there was some one-time benefits in Q4 that are non-recurring this year, bounce back in cost, higher inflation, these type of things. But a great performance first half. We would expect kind of this continuous margin improvement going into next year too. And so really like what the team has done there, how they're executing, driving top line growth, those types of things, a great performance.
Dave Petratis: You read that correctly. I think we've assessed, okay, what's possible here? We'll move that backlog through. I think we are mindful of the constraints on our supply base. We're also I think grounded that labor may be the tightest element in all of this, and it affects our customers and suppliers. So you've got to kind of take a stiff view at this. When are people going to come back to work and availability improve? We think that's a long-term problem. We think the culture of Allegion, how we run our business and the strength of our supply chain will do better than the competition in that battle.
Dave Petratis: Thanks for joining today's call. Allegion’s future remains bright. And I'd like to leave you with some key highlights of our call. Market demand is robust and it has returned to pre-pandemic levels faster and stronger than anticipated. This is extremely encouraging. Inflation has accelerated and there are industry-wide supply chain pressures. These constraints are not unique to us and we will actively manage both of these dynamics.  The resulting backlog we are building sets us up well for the remainder of '21 and '22. Last, Allegion is stronger, more structurally sound as we continue to invest during the pandemic. As a result, we are positioned well for profitable growth, and we'll continue to aggressively execute on our strategy of seamless access. Have a great day today. Thanks for your attendance.
Patrick Shannon: I would add a couple other comments. Clearly, supply constraints ended the rapid acceleration of demand that we saw helped build backlogs. I would say, we will -- over this entire pandemic and downturn, the resiliency of the Allegion supply chain I believe was stronger than the competition. And we're going to come out of this better. So feel good about that. I think the other thing you've got to think about, we're not alone in this. In the retrofit community and new construction, the entire project is affected by this. And we just got to navigate in that environment.
Patrick Shannon: Maybe to give you a little bit more, again, we don't split out that commercial segment as a standalone, but the strength that we saw in the first half was really driven by strong wholesale, small project and retrofit business. Where that business ends up, we don't have precise data on but there's -- the snapback of that volume would say, even in the commercial office space, there's definitely going in there to repurpose, to reposition and I like the opportunity for Allegion as we move through there from an electronic standpoint. You go back six months ago, I was concerned about the return to office and we're going to have a lot of vacancies out there. Capital will go in and redefine that space, and it's going to be good for our industry.
Patrick Shannon: Yes, Tim. So the majority of the incremental investments would be centered around R&D technology type of investments centered around driving electronics, revenue growth and market segmentation, i.e., where are the opportunities where we can expand our business and leverage our franchise globally. And so think about that in relation to some of the things Dave talked about in terms of enhancing our partnerships, to have broader connectivity into electronic seamless access, ecosystems and solutions, very important for the business going forward. So we're putting monies in those that I think will position us extremely well for growth going forward and will help us continue to grow faster than the broader market is the plan there. Your question on ROIC, it's always been a really good payback, not only on investment, but on a cash-on-cash basis, and good things to do that will position us in the marketplace for further growth. And historically, you've kind of seen our revenue kind of trend probably a little bit north of our peer set, and would expect that to kind of continue given the level of investments that we're making and position our franchise going forward. 
Patrick Shannon: Tim, also just think about the movement in technology, how fast things are changing. And being part of a broader ecosystem where we can, our products can seamlessly plug and play into a broader set of solutions is very important, and so incremental investments will continue. It is part of our DNA in terms of how we think about accelerating growth. And things are moving quickly and we want to be a market leader in that segment.
Patrick Shannon: Yes. Sure, John. So historically, price increases announced that are permanent in nature stick going forward, okay, i.e., even in deflationary periods, prices remain the same. And fairly disciplined industry here. We did announce some surcharges on particular products that are more heavy in steel-related components. And those, of course, go away assuming the price of steel comes down. But the majority of our price increases are permanent price increase that we expect will stick going forward, even when inflation comes down.
