Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR's fourth quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President; Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad, and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Throughout 2020, UDR was able to actively and successfully combat many of the challenges brought on by the pandemic. This was a direct result of our company's strategies. In particular, our diversified portfolio, the versatility of our Next Generation Operating Platform, outside cash flow accretion from our 2019 acquisitions, and 2020 capital recycling activities, and the ongoing dedication of our UDR teams. In 2021, maximizing cash flow remains our primary goal. To achieve this goal, we segment growth drivers into what we can and cannot control. Things we can control include the ongoing rollout and successful implementation of our Next Generation Operating Platform, employing dynamic pricing across our portfolio to maximize revenue growth and utilizing our value creation mechanism, including selling low cap assets and recycling proceeds into accretive uses, such as acquisitions with operational upside and DCP investments. So far this year, these factors have contributed to continued stability in our billed revenue, and improvement in occupancy and lease rate growth. Mike will provide more color on our operating trends later in the call. The early year results when combined with the strength of our platform, our diversified portfolio across markets and product types, and our accretive approach to capital allocation, allow us to provide 2021 earnings guidance, which Joe will discuss further. As we move forward, we will continue to closely monitor factors that are out of our control. These include the speed at which vaccinations proceed, what this means to cities reopening and emergency regulations and how these will drive forward rent growth trends. In short, what worked for 2020 should continue to work in 2021. I remain highly confident that we as an industry and a company will be better positioned 12 months from now. The path to get there will continue to be slow, but the inevitability of a recovery is just a matter of when, not if, in our minds. Moving on, ESG remains a cornerstone of how we operate our business and investor capital. Over the past three years, we have dramatically improved how we report our ESG accomplishments to our stakeholders. I'm proud that this was recognized in late 2020 by GRESB who named UDR, a top performer in ESG, among global real estate firms. Moving forward, our intent is to continue to refine and improve our ESG goals, while also providing comprehensive metrics to our stakeholders as we share our continued success in the years ahead. Last, I've had the honor to lead UDR's team for 20 years, been active in the apartment industry for 30 years and have lived through multiple cycles. UDR's team has always risen to the challenge, just as we did in 2020 and we'll continue to do so in 2021. I'm confident in the direction of our company, what we are actively doing to improve how we conduct business through the Next Generation Operating Platform and our ability to handle any obstacle that comes our way moving forward. With that, the executive team would like to thank all our associates for their dedication service, unwavering focus on executing our strategy 2020. And in closing, I'm reminded that every year presents its own set of unique challenges. And I'm confident that the UDR's ability to adapt whatever 2021 may bring. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I'll let Joe and Chris add on to it. But my sense about this is, first and foremost, you're right in the middle of the storm and try to navigate a different path in the middle of the storm usually means a wreck. So I don't see us adjusting while this is still unsettled where we would adjust any of our capital deployment strategy. We have a pretty simple game plan. Buy the one next door, overlay the platform, we make money. So we'll stay with that while the storm is occurring. We can debate for hours all of us with respect to what's the long-term implications of COVID might have with respect to work, our lifestyles and all of those. And what I'd characterize it as this, people in the short-term will do everything they can to accommodate their workforce, their customer and their business and have done so. That doesn't necessarily provide a long term. For example, if you're growing young talent in your thriving dynamic business, it is really hard to do so in a Zoom setting. It is hard to become creative if you've been sitting on a Zoom call for eight hours, as an example. So the desire to be back together, I see as many surveys talking about businesses, working from home, and Joe covered the tethered to office element of it. And I see just as many saying, we really want to get back in the office. Colorado today is back at 50%. Frankly, there's a great deal of energy in the building at 50%, walking up and down the hall, seeing people, checking back in with them. And while we are talking to them every week, Zoom, there's a difference when you see them in person. And I think when businesses get back to having that dilemma of 50%, 25%, they're going to say, hey, we're having a lot more fun together at 50%, why don't we go to 75%. And the power resides predominantly with the employer to set the tone, while listening to their associates and their customers. And so, I just think that the make this call in the next six months is foolish. We'll wait and see how it plays out. I do remind myself quite often New York is the capital, finance capital of the world. San Francisco is the technology innovation of the world. Both are critical to a long vibrant society growing. As a result, those cities are going to come back. Pace, I remember 2000 when we had 9/11, and no one was going to end up in Lower Manhattan. I thought it would take three years, it took seven. Maybe I didn't get the timing right, but the end result was they came back and in great numbers. The same thing will happen with post-COVID.
Tom Toomey: Let me begin by thanking you for your time and interest in UDR. We strongly believe that COVID will end just as other crisis and challenges have as well. The pace of the recovery, though, is out of our control. But promising signs is a vaccination rate going from 1.4 million per day two weeks ago to 2.4 million today. Vaccination production in March looks to be over 100 million doses. These are certainly encouraging signs. But at the same time, we're reminded that regulation and opening of cities and lifestyles remain challenging and will throughout the year. Our focus, though, remains on our strategic plan, in particular, our cash flow growth, platform execution and capital allocation. And with our team's help, we will be successful. With that, thank you, and take care.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. Many of our operating successes in 2020 were driven by the ongoing implementation of our Next Generation Operating Platform. The platform self-service components allowed us to stay engaged with our residents, deliver a high level of service satisfaction throughout the pandemic, and limit controllable operating expense growth to just 20 basis points for the year. Our five-year controllable expenses have averaged growth of 70 basis points, and our improvement in 2020 from already strong expense growth containment reflects a continuation of our constant and consistent focus on driving efficiency in our business. Because this five-year period overlaps with our platform initiatives, the efficiencies we have generated today are best illustrated after comparing our nominally positive controllable expense growth over this timeframe to more normalized 2.5 to 3% annual wage inflation growth across our markets. We expect to realize additional cost control benefits over the next two years, with the full rollout of the first phase of our Next Gen Operating Platform. As you will recall, we began the full rollout Phase 1 of the platform in Nashville and Seattle during the fourth quarter. This encompassed automated self-touring our new customer service technology and updated resident app and headcount reductions, among other things. So far, the results in these two markets are in line to slightly better than our initial expectations. We have realized strong efficiencies by refocusing those markets’ workforces on customer service as the new technology deployed has been widely adopted by residents and prospects which has proven beneficial to our leasing process and resident satisfaction. Of note, during the fourth quarter, 93% of our company-wide prospect tours were conducted in a self-service or touchless manner. And since the second quarter of 2018, our Net Promoter Score has improved by more than 20%. To-date, we have rolled out the full Platform 1.0 to 6 of our 21 markets, with the remainder scheduled throughout 2021. But portfolio wide, approximately 83% or 400 headcount reductions have already occurred since mid-year 2018 in anticipation of these rollouts. We have seen no discernible evidence of disruptions to operations. To-date, we have realized 50% of the benefits of Phase 1 of the Next Gen Operating Platform, which is expected to total $15 million to $20 million. As we look ahead, we expect to realize an additional 25% of run rate NOI from the platform by year-end 2021 and the remainder in 2022. Moving on, we are working hard on planning Phases 1.5 and 2.0 of the platform. Primary areas of focus include utilizing more data science to increase rental retention, better directing marketing dollars to optimal sales channels and making the leasing process quicker and easier to complete, to name a few. Post 2022, we anticipate that these objectives should continue to drive margin expansion. Last, many businesses have moved or are in the process of moving toward increased self-service as preferred by their customer base. UDR, and eventually, the multi-family business are no different. 2020 was a key year for implementing and proving out many of the technological components of Platform 1.0. But 2021 is the year that we will fully unleash it. A sincere thank you to all of my fellow UDR associates who have embraced this new way of doing business, and I look forward to providing additional updates on our successes in the quarters ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I would add, Nick, this is Jerry. It's probably got more benefit today on the stabilized suburban markets, especially in the Sunbelt. When you have that much price pressure and concessionary impact from competitors, there's less differentiation based on view and location of the unit. People are just tending to look for the least expensive unit most frequently. So I think you'll see more of that when San Francisco, New York, some of the other urban areas stabilize, there'll be more benefit, but I think the biggest benefit to-date has been on the suburban.
Jerry Davis: And Jeff, this is Jerry. I'll just add on. I think I'd say generally in the core of the deals, while there hasn't been a tremendous number of trades to form a definitive opinion, pricing has likely hit bottom and possibly even started to rebound. Buyers are no longer trading on cap rates, and really are trading relative to replacement cost. And replacement cost continues to increase.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. The decision was made primarily around price -- asset pricing. And so from our perspective, at the price at which the asset was going to sell in the market, we chose to be a seller based purely on asset pricing. And I could tell you that with the sale of DTLA and Parallel, we've wrapped up the Wolff JV that we did in 2 phases in 2015 and 2017. Of the 7 total properties, we ended up owning 3 and selling 4. And again, we were just entirely rational in our thinking about what to buy and what to sell. We achieved an unlevered IRR of 11% on our total $260 million in capital invested, which is at or above our expectations. In Parallel that in Anaheim that we're going to close, that we're going to sell, we actually sold it for, call it, 20% above the price at which we bought out Wolff in 2019. So that was -- that ended up being a good trade as well.
Jerry Davis: Yes. One last thing. This is Jerry. The Tampa deal, which is, I believe, is one you're probably referring to, it's over 600 units. It was really 2 properties that were run separately and are getting merged together. But day 1, we went in with platform staffing levels because we're rolling our Tampa market, and at that exact same time, we're in the process right now of putting in Smart Home technology to enhance it even further. But I mean, we went from about 12 FTEs down to about 8 at those -- that community. As Harry said, you're right to look at some of those older markets and the Sunbelt and think about Capex, but we're doing HVAC replacements throughout that community, which is one of the big burdens, and it's that. There's a paint job, wood replacement, that can also impact it. So I think what Harry said is right. I feel good about that property's CapEx spend over the next 10 years. It will be just like a fairly new property. And as they said, there's a couple of new acquisitions, the one in D.C. kind of offsets it. We have new development that continues to benefit us on the CapEx side going forward. So when you sprinkle in some of these older assets like this one, Rodgers Forge or Windsor Gardens that we got last year and addressed it with initial capital expenditures, most of that's been cured. So I don't think you're going to see a pop if we continue to buy these things and take care of them at that time of acquisition in our recurring CapEx.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. It's really outsourcing. When you look at it, you saw personnel go down a commensurate amount. So, on a blended basis between those two, they had negative growth when you would have expected some level of inflationary growth. So it's really outsourcing of maintenance functions for the most part.
Mike Lacy: Nick, it's Mike here. Last year, at the Citi Conference, we were able to present what we saw with some of the dynamic pricing using some of the heat maps. And over the last 3 or 4 months [Audio Gap] our mid to high-rise assets. So it had benefited quite a bit over the last few months just in terms of optimizing our rent occupancy within those markets.
Mike Lacy: I think it's different by market from what we're seeing today. I'll give you an example, in New York City, we're still seeing people moving out closer around, call it, Boston, New Jersey, even Connecticut, and we're staying in touch with those residents and just trying to get an idea of when the city starts to open up more, what their intentions are. So a place like that, we do expect that they'll come back. And today, we are seeing people come in from outside of the MSA as well. And then when you look at some of our suburban assets down in the Sunbelt, it's a little bit of a different story there.
Mike Lacy: To some degree, we're starting to see it more on our traffic patterns. So our traffic has increased, I would say, over the last 30 to 60 days. A big piece of that was the fact that we started using our brokers a little bit more within Manhattan versus, call it, San Francisco. It's just we found a little bit more success there. And so we were able to capture a little bit more incremental demand from, I think, people from within that market, looking for a deal or maybe trying to move into a place that they couldn't necessarily afford before, and they can now.
Mike Lacy: Sure. It's a great question. This is Mike. First, just to put it in context, San Francisco makes up about 9% of our NOI. We have 40% of our properties urban, 60% suburban. We are seeing market rents, especially in that urban area down 10% to negative 18%. And in our suburban assets closer to flat to down 5%. I'll tell you the biggest difference on signed new leases is where we have higher vacancy. So during the fourth quarter, for example, down in the city and SoMa area, we were closer to 83% occupied versus financing that where we ran closer to 95%. So as you can see that you're sitting on more vacancy in the areas where you have more of a depressed rents compared to where we had a little bit more pricing power. So it goes back to our asset-by-asset strategy all along, just trying to make sure that we're optimizing total revenue. And San Francisco is a very good example of that. And I'll tell you to answer your second question, as it relates to our growth, the biggest piece is in the economic occupancy. And so again, if you look at the second quarter, it was down about 1,000 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And this market is also the one that's historically been our strongest when it comes to other income growth through initiatives and things like that, whether it's the short-term furnished program, amenity rentals. It was -- fee income was down about 11% because we just weren't able to do a lot of things that we're accustomed to doing. And again, the last piece I'd point to is that urban, suburban piece of the equation when you look at San Francisco.
Mike Lacy: Yes. Austin, this is Mike. I would add, obviously, the cadence of market reopening dictate those results. But what we're seeing right now is promising, and we expect that traffic will start to return kind of in that 2Q timeframe in places like New York and Boston and probably traffic starts returning in 3Q, maybe into 4Q for San Francisco and results will follow those trends.
Mike Lacy: Rich, it's Mike. I think it puts us in a good position. And as Joe alluded to, that's something we've been focused on for quite some time. And I'll tell you over the last three months, we've seen sequential market rent growth in our portfolio. And a lot of that has to do with trying to find those pockets where we do have high occupancy and we can start to push our market rents a little bit because, obviously, that helps on the renewal side, too. And so, we're starting to see some promising signs with what we're sending out for renewals going forward and again, kind of where our market rents are today. And it does vary market by market, but it goes back to that asset-by-asset approach, and I think it's starting to pay dividends.
Mike Lacy: Rich, it's Mike here. We're seeing very similar trends to what we've talked about in the last couple of quarters, quarterly earnings calls. And that's -- our studios are a little bit less occupied than what we're typically seeing in regular cycle, so nothing really different from that end. I will tell you, though, one thing that helped us out probably more than anything over the fourth quarter is, when you look at our tours, and you look at how many were guided for self guide and all the things that Jerry and the team are doing for the platform, less than 7% of our tours were guided. So, the fact that we were able to just give more traffic through the door and really accommodate them, we're able to push where we otherwise couldn't. So that's about it on that side.
Mike Lacy: No. It varies by market. So let's take Boston, for example, we went through San Francisco, and I'll come back to that one. But for Boston, for us, again, this is about 12% of our NOI. In this market, 70% of our NOI comes from suburban assets versus 30% down in the urban area. So in the urban area, we are still seeing concessions around but that 70%, we're still offering between zero and four weeks, and we're having higher occupancy there and not as much coming through. So I think you'll see some come later as that market starts to balance, especially in the urban areas. And that goes to what I said with San Francisco as well. Today, we're closer to 90% in the urban area, first the suburb to over 95%. If and when those start to bounce back and depending on how much our market rents grow in the meantime will depend on where our new lease growth ends up.
Mike Lacy: Yes. On the controllable side, I think you can expect to see similar to what you've seen in the last couple of years from us. Our cost control is in a good place based on what we're doing with the platform and how we're trending as far as markets transitioning, headcount reduction things of that nature. So I would expect our controllable operating numbers to be very similar to what you saw out of us from 2020.
Mike Lacy: I think it's still too early to tell exactly where the turnover is going to go, but I will tell you over the last 30, 60 days, we have seen, again, that mass exodus. It's not there anymore in some of these major markets. So we do have some signs that it's getting better.
Mike Lacy: Yes, that's probably right. When you think about it, the average cost of a turn is plus or minus $3,000 when you factor in vacancy loss differential in new versus renewal rent growth and turn cost. So 1% increase on a 50,000-plus unit portfolio is about 1.5 million. So 2% would be about a $0.01.
Mike Lacy: So, we're talking to more recently, Alex, the people have moved out probably over the last four or five months, they're a little bit more apt to tell us kind of where they're at and where they're planning ongoing. And we don't know necessarily what that percentage is going to equate to when it comes to future occupancy today, but we are getting a sense that people are sticking around the hoop, if you will, and they will be returning if and when their employers tell them to come back.
Mike Lacy: Yes. So, we actually -- as it relates to our lease expirations, we moved some of that around. So what you'll see from us in the first quarter, it's a little bit lower than what we've historically had. And by the time we get to 2Q and 3Q, it starts to inch up a little bit more, and it kind of goes in parallel with what we expect with traffic coming in. And those are the people that we're trying to target to get them into a unit, and we're trying to source what they're looking for, where they want to live and work with them in parallel with our incoming prospects.
Mike Lacy: No, I don't have that number in front of me, but I would go back to what I said earlier, with three months of sequential market rent growth, we've had about 12 months of a gain to lease and we're very close to crossing over and showing a loss to lease, if that helps.
Mike Lacy: Sure, John. That market, as you know, it's only about 3% of our total NOI. And it's heavily focused in that Marine to Delray area. So what we're experiencing there is a little bit of weakness, but I'll tell you, over the last 30 days, that's another one where we've seen traffic bounce back a little bit. We've had to go upwards of four to six weeks on concessions to try to drive some of that demand. And then down when you get into the city area, still seeing eight weeks and occupancy level still around 90% to 92%, so a little bit different there.
Mike Lacy: I would say closer to a 6%, and we were probably at eight or nine about 60 days ago. And I think that's what you saw when you look at our makeup of our revenue growth during the quarter. Our other income was actually positive, and that had to do with transfer and relapse fee in places like that, where we saw just an uptick in people dropping keys and paying us until we have seen that come down in the last 30 to 60 days.
Mike Lacy: Yes. I'll give you a little bit more color because we did talk a lot about move out. We haven't really talked about prospects and move in. So just to give you a little bit more color on that, we saw about 23% coming from outside of MSA. And in places like Nashville, Texas, Florida, Denver, it was closer to 30%, where we experienced people coming from outside of the MSA, and that compares to about 20% the year prior. And I'd tell you for us, the one that jumps out to me is DC, we saw the highest number of people coming from outside of the MSA and was pushing close to 40%.
Mike Lacy: So very different data, the move-out data from the people that we're seeing are residence, where they're going, they have to provide us very detailed information on where their addresses, so we can send them kind of the final account statement, so very accurate information. As far as the people coming in, it's a little bit harder to understand exactly where they're coming from because they don't have to provide you that information. So, we're looking at things like our Google analytics to understand our prospects as well as the data that we are able to get from incoming move-ins. And so, it's a little bit easier to give the move-out data because, again, that's pretty hard concrete data versus the move-ins.
Joe Fisher: Yes, hi, Jeff, good morning. It's Joe. I'd say at this point, really not seeing the distressed opportunities. Generally speaking, the only area that we saw a distress kind of coming through this has been up on the DCP side, where you did see us do an investment there in the quarter, another [$30 million] in Suburban Virginia. That really just due to the pullback that you saw in construction financing, mezz financing, equity financing for developments. At the end of the day, I think we're stabilized assets. The GSEs as well as other financing sources remain available. Proceeds may come down a little bit. Coverage issues in some of those urban high-rise markets might get a little bit more stressed from a coverage perspective. But overall, not really seeing any signs of distress. I think generally speaking, the urban high-rise product, pricing might be off 5% to 10% relative to pre-COVID. But overall, not seeing the distress come through.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off with a high-level comment just in terms of how we formed the same-store NOI guidance and FFOA guidance overall, then Mike kind of take you through some of the specifics. When you look at that same-store NOI cash guidance range of flat to minus 4%, if you just utilize 4Q of '20 as the starting point, to go to that low end of minus 4% NOI, all you need to see is NOI stays static relative to 4Q of '20. So basically, no improvement from 4Q all the way through 4Q of '21, gets you to the low end of our range, that minus 4% year-over-year. To get to that midpoint of minus 2%, basically a 2% lift, meaning we have to average about 2% better than where we were at in 4Q. The sequence of that, we've run through a number of different scenarios. Obviously, you have a piece of the portfolio stable and improving, a piece that's in that 20%. But we've run through a number of different scenarios as to when that starts to lift based off vaccinations and reopenings and feel pretty comfortable that that's a pretty good midpoint to put out there at this point.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And Austin, just to give a little bit more commentary on the yields as well. I want to make clear that while we have capital plans for the assets and we get a return on that capital, you also have a lot of lift in the NOI stream coming just from pure blocking and tackling, the initiatives and then the overlay of the platform. So relative to the private market operators, in year 1, we get about a 5% lift, ignoring the influence of market rent growth. And then from there on, as we continue to lay on the platform plus CapEx, you get another 5-plus percent. So we typically see about a 10% lift over time between ops and capital plans on these new acquisitions.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I got you, Rich. Yes, I think that's generally a fair statement. So as you look at the concessions granted in 2020, as of year-end, we had about a $20 million straight-line asset that needs to be amortized over time. We think net-net, the headwind relative to 4Q is about a, call it, $0.03 to $0.04 headwind as we work our way throughout 2021. So you have kind of cash underperforming GAAP here in 4Q and throughout 2020. We start to cross over in first quarter of '21. Those will effectively level out and you get a crossover point between new concessions granted and those that have been amortized. And then, you start to revert as you go through into the back half of the year where cash starts to outperform GAAP. And that's really the strategy that Mike and team have been employing throughout and talking about a lot about in terms of if you believe there's a recovery that's going to take place. While you take the upfront concessions, you keep the face rate higher and that helps just the revenue growth on the back end helps you renew off a higher number on the back end. So you should see that start to drive relative performance here as we go into the back half.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Rich, it's Joe. We see all those same headlines. We're doing a lot of work on the qualitative side with import strat, thinking about things like the business friendliness, the migration of these incomes, where they may ultimately go. I think the Google announcement, yes, the headline perhaps read negatively, but I think as you go through it, it seems that it's much more the anchored to an office approach, which is majority of individuals continue to come in two to three days a week. There are some that will never come in again if they're fully remote and not in a location that has an office. But I think our approach and thought process throughout this will be -- will return to some degree of normalcy where most employees will be anchored to an office for a set amount of time. One day, two days, three days or five days, whatever it may be. So that will impact, obviously, how you think about commute times and locations and submarkets within those MSAs. But it is kind of a rising tide, ships or sinks all ships. So to the extent that you can work from home more, maybe that is beneficial to the suburbs on a temporary basis. But over time, it's going to come back to, are these knowledge-based economy drivers, meaning are these technology companies going to remain based to a high degree within those markets? Are the finance companies going to stay based to a high degree out in New York and Boston? The life sciences of the world, are they going to be there? Or are they going to help drive income growth over time. And I think we believe they ultimately will that bias towards these markets need to remain in our portfolio. Right now, they're probably not the markets that we're trying to fill additional capital towards what you've seen through our disposition strategy. We've generally taken dollars out of those markets than into those markets. But I think those markets long-term have viability. We're not going to rush to the doors and try to exit at this point.
Joe Fisher: Yes. John, it's Joe. So in terms of the balance sheet, I think we've done a lot of work both pre COVID and during COVID to continue to enhance our credit profile. Obviously, throughout the cycle, we target lower metrics, such as kind of five times to six times debt to EBITDA. So that in times of distress, we do have the ability to withstand downturns such as this and continue to maintain a high-quality cost of capital maintain the BBB+, BAA ratings. And so when they -- I think when our debt holders look at that, they look at, one, we are in a sector that, by and large, has weathered the storm quite well. And from an asset value and capital flow standpoint, it continues to hold up quite well. I think when they look at our metrics, while a lot of individuals get hung up on debt to EBITDA, a lot of our metrics are doing fantastic relative to where they've been in the last several years. So when you look at 3-year liquidity, look at duration, fixed charge coverage ratio, unencumbered NOI, you kind of go down the list, and we've improved a lot of these metrics. And especially when we do these refis and prepays as we did earlier this year, the ability to lock in 2% debt for an extended period of time, take out higher cost debt, improve the cash flow growth profile of the Company helps as well. So I think overall, there is a scarcity of locations that you can go for high-quality yield. And so that investors are generally attracted to us on a relative basis. From an equity perspective, I think you're seeing coming out of last quarter's call exactly what equity investors have been waiting for, for multi. It's really about the rate of change since last quarter. Ourselves in the sector have traded quite well as we've gotten closer and closer to the bottom and/or that level of stability. I think Mike's commentary on the stability and what we've kind of put out there for guidance. So improvement relative to 4Q run rate is kind of what the investors have been waiting for. So I think that's likely kind of some of the disconnect, if you will where we were historically versus where we're at today.
Joe Fisher: Amanda, it's Joe. We aren't really going to get into the granularity of assumptions underlying that revenue NOI guidance, just given the number of levers that can be pulled between occupancy rates, et cetera. So, I do think it's fair to assume, however, that you do start to see an improvement in bad debt and write-offs as we move through the year. So, we'd likely start a little bit lower on collections and move higher. At the end of the day, what matters the most here is that we reopen the markets and put people back to work. And once you have income coming into their pockets, either through a job, additional stimulus, additional unemployment or tax refunds, hopefully, we see some improvement in that collection data. In terms of February trends, February trends are really mirroring what we seen in November, December, January at this point. So really no tick higher, staying on pace with what we saw previously.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Maybe I'll hit on a couple of areas on the non-controllable side. Mike can talk to some of the controllables. On the non-controllable, real estate tax, obviously being a big component of those numbers. When you look at the valuations that we've received to date, we're right around 60% or so in terms of valuations being locked in for this year, on rates, about 35%. So there is still a degree of variability out there. I think the markets probably that you're most concerned on would be those that have lower income tax rates. So Texas, we don't have much info yet. Florida, Virginia. So, there's a couple of areas there as well as rates in the state of California that we're waiting on. So that could push up or down. Insurance is always a wildcard. We know our renewal on the premiums, which was up about 20% for 2021. So we know that number, but about half of the insurance line item is typically claims activity. So that can always be somewhat volatile. It's Mike on the controllable side, where I have some details for you.
Joe Fisher: Rob, one other area of expenses to keep an eye on as we move throughout the year is going to be the eviction cost and legal cost. Our intent remains to continue to work with all residents that are willing to work with us that have been negatively impacted. But as we go through the year and you see some of the regulatory restrictions potentially be lifted, if those residents don't want to get on the payment plans, don't want to make good on their contractual commitments, then we'll likely have to move forward with eviction processes, and that could result in additional expenses. That said, you're hopefully picking it up on the revenue line item by getting a nonpayer out of that unit and bringing in some cash flow.
Joe Fisher: If you just think through the comps that we're facing, Alex, you had plus or minus three to four good months, obviously, in 2020. So that should tell you that you're underwater there for the first three or four months, and then hopefully, we're hitting the crossover point sometime in 2Q, and we're talking to you on the 1Q call.
Joe Fisher: I'll say too, John, just in terms of collections activity, L.A. is probably the biggest outlier within the portfolio. It does have the California overlay from a regulatory standpoint, which is very resident friendly, but also the city and county overlays that are very resident friendly. So collections there in the amount of what we would call squatters are higher than the rest of the portfolio. So collections are somewhere in the 87%, 88% range. And so despite it being probably our ninth or tenth largest market, from a reserve and bad debt perspective, it's sitting there in the top 5. So it is difficult in that respect, but also hopefully, gives us some hope that as the market reopens to get those people back to work some of the restrictions down the road, hopefully, you start to get some of that back.
Joe Fisher: Yes, correct. Historically, have provided cash and had minimal differentials, obviously, between the two of it in the highly concessionary delta.
