Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent and welcome to UDR’s third quarter 2022 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher, who will discuss our results. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, we continue to see exceptional results and are in a healthy multifamily operating environment. Highlights of the third quarter include the following: sequential same-store revenue growth of nearly 5%; year-over-year, same-store revenue grew almost 13% and NOI was nearly 16% higher. And we continue to capture additional accretion from our 2021 acquisitions. These results translated into 18% year-over-year growth in FFOA per share and drove our third guidance raise this year, which Mike and Joe will discuss in further detail. To-date, the financial health of our resident has remained strong. Employment growth continues to demonstrate resiliency. Wage growth remains robust. Traffic is healthy. Rent-to-income levels of incoming residents, has not deteriorated. Cash collections continue to improve. Concessions are almost nonexistent across the portfolio and the regulatory environment has been stabilizing. These factors, combined with our favorable relative affordable versus alternative housing options and reasonable new supply expectations create a positive near-term outlook for multifamily. In short, Main Street has shown incredible resiliency. Moving on. All-in, we continue to believe UDR is well equipped to manage whatever macro environment we face based upon what we know right now and what we can control. First, our customer remains financially sound. Second, our jump-off point for 2023 has never been better as our same-store revenue earn-in is roughly 5% is effectively locked in at this point. Third, our continued focus on innovation and culture should continue to enhance our margin growth. Fourth, prior FFOA per share headwinds like development and lease-ups become tailwinds in 2023. And last, our balance sheet remains highly liquid with over $1 billion of capacity. That said, we are fully aware of growing concerns over where the macro environment is trending and the challenges our business could face moving forward. Two areas to highlight include: first, elevated inflation. We like most every business are feeling the impact of inflation across our expense structure. Thus far, we have been able to pass these costs on to our residents in relatively short order given our standard 12-month lease structure. Specific to the third quarter, a portion of our elevated expense growth was anticipated as we continue to push rental rate growth, which resulted in higher turnover and elevated repair and maintenance cost. However, building a better 2023 rent roll at the expense of short-term cost pressures is the value of creating trade for a 70% margin business like ours. And second, our cost of capital. Our cost of capital has increased materially since the first quarter. As such, we pivoted to a capital-light strategy and pared back opportunistic external growth. Our balance sheet remains fully capable of supporting all planned capital uses and with less than 2% of consolidated debt maturing over the next 3 years, our interest rate risk is minimal. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized global ESG leader with the publication of our fourth annual ESG report and a 5-star designation from GRESB, the highest ESG rating possible. Our GRESB survey score of 87 was the highest in our history and an achievement that all UDR stakeholders should be proud of. In closing, I remain optimistic on UDR’s future prospects. We have a highly talented experienced team with a track record of performance irrespective of the economic environment, combined with our culture that fosters collaboration and innovation mindsets. We will continue to advance UDR and our industry. To my fellow associates, I express my deepest gratitude for all that you do. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Tom Toomey: Yes, Austin, I appreciate the question. When I was referring to macro, we tend to look at it in two lenses. One, what’s happening on Main Street with our residents. And Mike alluded earlier, we’re not seeing any cracks. In fact, we have a very healthy resident profile, no, if you will, of their credit, their quality, their payment patterns, they are doubling up, all of that. So Main Street seems very strong. And when you look at Mike’s blends in October, a 10 and a 5 on new and renewal is I would have taken that in my 30-year career, 29 years that would be a great number. So that side of the equation is really strong, and we will see how it really plays out. And that’s going to depend on employment. And we feel good about the employment picture looking down the horizon. With respect to the macro environment, the capital markets, obviously, the feds, the banks, everyone is trying to push down inflation with every tool they have got in the box, and they are going to succeed. And they are raising the cost of capital, you see our stock price, you see any other lending situation, all being challenged by that. And so, that’s out of our control. Participate in that market, observe it and it influences us. We don’t know where it’s going. And will rates continue to rise? Will they plateau? Will they succeed in bringing down inflation? And that’s going to be a lot of ‘23 as our dialogue on every one of the calls, every investor meeting will be what is the capital markets environment? It feels like a capital markets recession. Is it going to be shallow? Or is it going to be deep? How long it’s going to run? And no one really knows. I mean that is a case that will influence our capital-light program. I think we’ve positioned ourselves well there, and it will create opportunities. And so how do we pivot to those opportunities when they present themselves? And so we tend to think of it, what we control what we interact with and what opportunities we can generate. And you see it in our operating numbers, really strong, expect those to continue, and we will wait and see what cracks occur.
Tom Toomey: So that’s not 10 years ago when we’re running the 25-year olds right out of college, and they are making 60. So they seem to be very durable during this. And still, when you look at banks and the information they are giving about spending, savings, credit, that part of our resident profile looks pretty strong.
Tom Toomey: Brad, this is Tom. I would emphasize the tie a couple of things together. I mean, Mike has done a fabulous job with respect to capturing the market rent that’s there. And you can see it in our numbers on a sequential basis with 4% – almost 5% revenue growth; second, nomination in the occupancy. So it was just trying to roll the rent roll up as strong as possible for ‘23. And when you walk into ‘23 and say, 5% already booked, we feel like we’re in a really good, strong position into that ‘23 window of no issues with the resident choosing the capital markets, yes.
Tom Toomey: And Mike how much on Iraq [ph] relates to the long-term evictions in that the $700 million going down to...
Tom Toomey: Chandni, this is Tom. I appreciate the question. My perspective on this is it’s actually a good thing. Why, because I am getting 200-plus units that were zero income to me. So, that’s $6 million a year. I got those units back during the quarter in a window that I could lease them at. And the cost was $1 million in higher repair and maintenance type aspect of it. So, it’s a pleasant surprise for us to spend $1 million, turn the unit and turn them back into $6 million revenue for next year. And I will make that trade every day and have told Mike, just keep pressing, we would like to get that delinquent number down. Joe mentioned the long-term impact towards our AR reserve aspect. So, it’s a win situation for us. And I know a lot of people go expenses and inflation. Yes, we are fighting those, but I think the innovation that we have has a lot of avenues to beat the cost structure and hold it and contain it. And we do operate in a 75% margin business. So, it is more about the revenue potential of the organization and how we unleash that than all the expense containment aspects of it.
Tom Toomey: Well, that’s why I am in the apartment business. It’s a little bit simpler than trying to figure out the mapping of that type of dynamic. What I will tell you is I have gone through the tech rack. What we have is a completely different environment with respect to technology seeing a decade of everybody trying to figure out how to automate their businesses. And so I think that will continue. Those strong companies that are the core of the tech industry are amazingly strong and resilient. So, I don’t see, and I look at our experience for hiring tech people, they are going to find jobs and be paid very well. So, I don’t see that part of the exposure. I do worry a little bit about the homebuilding aspect, the construction and the financing markets weathering a capital markets-type recession. And we looked through our employment base – excuse me, our resident base. And I think Mike’s taken that into account when he is looking at his pricing and looking for cracks in that. So, hard for us to extrapolate the broader employment picture into our portfolio. All we can try to do is set around the room as we do each week and say, where do we think this thing is cracking, do we see anything and to be very, very transparent. We see no cracks in our resident in any shape or form at this time.
Tom Toomey: I would add the color on that. I think Harry and Andrew have been very, very transparent and clear. We have always looked at the asset and said, boy, is it one close to ours, is it an asset that makes sense someday, if it comes to market, we would love to buy it. And we will still continue to do that and believe that, that is the right avenue to think about these. It’s just another avenue of investing in real estate that we know.
Tom Toomey: I will take a cut at it. One, there is a lot there to assume and adjust for what will stabilize mortgage rates and proceeds stabilize out at. How much is that supply replacement cost and exposure towards the future. So, I think it’s going to be continue to monitor, see what comes to the market, how it prices out, but the days of 3.5 caps in the Sunbelt don’t see on the horizon anytime soon. They have moved up. And we will look, and as Joe has articulated many times and very well, we will monitor our cost of capital and look for accretive opportunities. And if they present themselves in the Sunbelt, that’s great. If they present themselves somewhere else, that’s great, too. We are just going to go where the best risk-adjusted returns are. And I think we will keep playing that growth [ph]. It works well.
Tom Toomey: Let me begin by thanking all of you for your time and interest in UDR. And I do want to be respectful. I know you have other calls to follow after this, but let me reiterate. Our strategy remains sound, and we will stick to it. We understand this current market environment has changed. And as you can see, we pivoted our tactics to adjust to it. We are very bullish about the apartment business and what we can control and have very good transparency and are doing – executing very well on that. We also recognize that the broader market has cycles and that those come and go. And you can take – see our tactics and our actions by refinancing the vast majority of our balance sheet at record low rates with very few maturities through ‘25. And that we have adjusted to a capital-light environment and accordingly, our underwriting to present day cost of capital and taking appropriate actions. With that, we do believe we have the right strategy and have a great outlook for the future, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. With that, take care.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Nick. Thanks for the question. So yes, we did pivot a little bit as we move throughout the year, obviously. So with the equity issuance back at the end of 1Q up in the high-50s. And as cost of capital has changed and got price discovery has been occurring, we have pivoted over and shifted some of our development plans back into next year and then obviously shifted to the buyback. So – at this point in time, I wouldn’t say there is a set dollar target that we are going after. We do really like the economics in terms of discount to NAV, the implied cap up in kind of the high 5s at a pretty compelling IRR on that purchase. But we’re going to continue to monitor what’s going on in the macro environment, what’s taking place with our cost of capital and the price of the stock what’s going on with sources and uses. And I would say sources and uses in a pretty phenomenal place at this point, given we still have almost 200 of equity available that issuance in March, plus a disposition that we mentioned here that should close in the fourth quarter. Then free cash flow against a relatively small development commitment schedule. So we have the capacity. So we will kind of continue to monitor those factors, but no set target today.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think there is still quite a bit of unknowns out there. Obviously, with price discovery taking place, in the prepared remarks, talked about cap rates being up maybe 75 to 100 basis points up into that plus or minus high 4s range. That’s kind of what we’re hearing today, but obviously, transaction volumes are off fairly materially. So I think we’re still going to go through a period of time here, we get price discovery. And so we really need that to settle out before you can start to look at development in terms of that typical 150 plus or minus basis points spread that we need. So at this point, I wouldn’t say we’ve pegged a required hurdle for development. We need the price discovery on transactions first. What we have done is, you’ve heard us talk about a $185 million development in Northern Virginia throughout the year. That’s a densification play. That was supposed to start here in the third quarter, but we’ve delayed the start of that pending evaluating cost of capital, price discovery, etcetera. So I don’t – I can’t say that we have a hurdle today other than we want to see where prices settle out.
Joe Fisher: Yes. versus peak pricing, you’re probably 10% to 20%. It’s going to really depend on which type of asset and market, right? So there were some more high flied markets. We got very compressed from a cap rate perspective. Really based on forward growth potential. So more of the Sunbelt markets that have probably come off a little bit more. You also have more of the B and C kind of levered asset play that’s come off a little bit more. And then you have some unique circumstances where maybe you have in-place debt that’s assumable where that asset price hasn’t moved as much. So I think 10% to 20% for the time being is a fair range to utilize.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So just a little bit on the process first, Brad, in terms of the outcome because the outcome isn’t necessarily certain yet, right? We’ve – we purchased the senior loan. We intend to move forward with the foreclosure process, but it’s expected in 1Q ‘23. So the outcome isn’t necessarily certain. What I would say is that from an economics perspective, when you look at replacement cost for this asset, our basis is probably plus or minus $87 million which equates to about 640 of the door. Replacement costs is well in excess of 100 given development costs today, so up and prior the 800 plus or minus range. So relative to replacement cost, a very good outcome. From a yield perspective, the yield on our cash basis is probably in the mid-4s based off that basis on a fully accrued basis, including the good pref somewhere in the mid-3s. But I’d say that the submarket runs here still 10% plus below where they are at pre-COVID. So we still think there is room to run on that front. You have a market with quite a bit of a decrease in supply coming at you. So less supply pressures going forward and then you’re just coming through the lease-up phase, so we’ve got to burn off a lot of those concessions. So should be pretty good growth on a go-forward basis.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think all we can really speak to is what we’re seeing today. So I think to that last question on what are we seeing from blends and loss to lease and our earn-in perspective, I covered part of it. I think what’s important, too, is that decrease in blends is not coming from a decrease in underlying market rents. We’ve seen market rents continue to increase on a year-over-year basis, commensurate with historical averages. And historical averages being typically you see market rents grow 3% to 4% throughout the year. So recent trends and the strength of the consumer tells us that, that could continue. Now if you go into a recession, maybe you see a lower number. But I think going to continue to try to capture every dollar we can on that and try to drive that loss to lease lower and those blends higher. And then in the interim, we’re going to continue to focus on the innovation side. I think there is a lot that we can do there from a share of wallet or other income perspective as well as what we’re doing on vacant days and pricing engine to hopefully drive some above peer relative growth. So I think it’s too early to start talking 2023 forecast, but that gives you some of the building blocks that we see today.
Joe Fisher: Yes, benefit over time. We made a comment in the press release about being increasing our collection expectation. So we picked that up about 15 basis points relative to prior expectations, continue to trend in the mid-98% collected relative to build revenue. Historical averages were 50 basis points of bad debt. So there is 100 basis points total to go after. I think realistically, we’re looking at maybe half of that as a possibility given some of the rules and regulations that have been put in place by different municipalities, primarily on the coast.
Joe Fisher: It is probably – we had talked about being above 5% in the back half of the year. Yes, we were above 7% here in the quarter. I think when we get into 4Q, we will be back into that 5% plus or minus range. You are kind of talking about 6% blend versus our prior commentary above 5%.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So, you are really looking at about 1%, probably half that being more surprised. Some of that’s due to the success we are having from a – both eviction [ph] process and moving out some of those long-term delinquents. So, that’s been driving up some of our turnover as well as the cost to turn those units. In addition, you got higher utilities and R&M coming through. So, a little bit, probably half of that was a surprise.
Joe Fisher: I think as we look out to 2023 and beyond, a couple of comments. So, 2023, clearly a better line of sight. I would say, broadly speaking, more concern when you get into the Sunbelt markets. So, Sunbelt, depending on the market you are looking at, you could see growth in supply upwards of 30%-plus. So, somewhere above 3%-plus of stock in a number of those markets, be it the Austin, Nashville, Charlotte, Phoenix, some of those markets. And so definitely some concerns related to that. On the West Coast, we do see supply starting to come down. So, some of the markets like Northern California, I think supply comes down quite a bit. On the East Coast, New York seems to be coming down on a forward basis. And so near-term, a little bit of increased supply, although I would say our submarkets generally are about half of the overall market supply expectations, so feeling a little bit better there. I think when you get into the ‘24 and ‘25 picture, we do expect to start to see some of that supply come down. Given the financing market that exists today, the unknowns around where cap rates settle out and of course, cost inflation that we continue to see. We are seeing a lot of developers struggle to line up additional financing or equity partners to start new transactions. So, we would expect over the next 6 months to 12 months to start to see starts come down quite a bit. And so ‘24, ‘25 probably start to get a little bit better story on that front.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think we are always looking for opportunities to deploy capital accretively and on a risk-adjusted basis. So, if one o7f our existing equity partners comes to us and we like the economics and the risk we would absolutely participate on a go-forward basis with a recap either within our existing position or into even more of a senior loan format. So, it’s something we would consider, but at this point in time, there is really nothing on the table that – in terms of the upcoming maturities to speak to.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think it’s fair to say that pandemic did pull forward some of the household formation demand. It also pulled forward a little bit of a shift into single-family over multifamily. And so single-family clearly had a tailwind at their back for the last 24 months relative to multi. That’s part of the reason you have that pretty large disconnect between cost to own versus cost of rent. I think what we are seeing now today, and you definitely see it within our move-out stats. Our move-outs to buy are down roughly 35% going from kind of low-double digits into mid to high-single digits now at this point. So, we are seeing it in terms of our turnover stats. I think we are shifting back more towards a rentership society. So, homeownership rate should stay steady and/or come down, which obviously benefits us in terms of more demand from any incremental household formation. And so I think we are good on that front. That’s one of the tailwinds we have going into next year. And then just coming back to the consumer, I think you are talking about some of the warning signs of things we are looking at. And when we see traffic still up on a 10% on a year-over-year basis, we see cash collections in the month continuing to improve even here in October, and we are not dependent on government assistance on a go-forward basis. Those are residents that are actually paying that rent on time. And so cash collections are looking better. You are not seeing the doubling up. So, overall, really not seeing those cracks. And ultimately, I think household formation probably benefits us on the rentership side a little bit more.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I would say number one, we aren’t necessarily immune to some of those surprises, but the diversification that we have in the portfolio obviously insulates us. So, when you look at some of the expense growth that we have had in our Sunbelt markets that is being driven primarily in Florida and Texas by the real estate taxes increasing as well as seeing higher turnover in those markets. So, we are seeing it this year and still expect to see it next year. I think when we look at preliminary outlook for next year on real estate tax, we are looking at plus or minus 5% overall. That’s going to be lower when you go out to California with Prop 13 and then go to the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast where we expect kind of low to mid-single digits. When you get down into our Sunbelt markets, I think you are going to be looking at high-single digits to low-double digits for markets like Florida and Texas and Nashville for us.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi Haendel. I will start and reverse on that one. So, we do expect improvement over time going from the mid-98% plus or minus collected on billed revenue. I can’t say necessarily is that going to occur next year. I think on the margin, it should because we are having success and whittling down those long-term delinquents. So, we have got a pretty active process on that of that excess kind of long-term delinquent we have today and say 75% of them are somewhere in the eviction process although eviction processes instead of being perhaps a 30 days to 60 days, in some cases, are more like four months to six months. And so we think we will continue to whittle that down and collections should improve and hopefully become more of a tailwind. In terms of the bad debt statistics, I would say sequentially within that 4. 7% sequential revenue number, maybe a slight positive, i.e., 10 bp to 20 basis points, but not a big tailwind. So, our collections are getting better in the quarter, in the month, but we don’t really have that much volatility. I think we talked about it last quarter, the way we approach bad debt reserves. We do try to be pretty specific in terms of estimating what we think collections are ultimately going to be on each resident. I think we have done a very good job of doing that. So, we have eliminated a lot of that volatility of when the cash comes in as a surprise or when it doesn’t, it’s a surprise negative. I think we have been pretty spot on in how we have been able to evaluate bad debt and forecast that.
Joe Fisher: Neil, just to size the numbers real quick for you. Of that $40 million associated with those over 60 projects, we have got about $6 million of that in the 2022 number that we have already been able to realize through the initiatives that we started over the last 12 months, 18 months. I think as you fast forward into ‘23, anywhere from $5 million to upwards of $10-plus million depending on some issues with the supply chain around our bulk Internet rollout as well as some other constraints, but we are moving as quickly as we can there. So, give you a range there. And then in ‘24 and ‘25, you will capture the rest of that number.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think Neil, when you look at – we have talked about predictive analytics in the past, it’s pretty well diversified in terms of its buy-rated and an sell-rated markets today, meaning there are some Sunbelt markets, some East Coast and West Coast, it’s like as well as the inverse. There are some markets in each one of those regions that it does not like. As Tom said, cost of capital today is prohibitive in terms of deploying new. What we have done historically is obviously focused a lot more on that deal next store and what fits with our platform. And so as I think about near-term deployment, I would say our top three priorities at this point. We talked about one of them already with the stock buyback which is us buying into a diversified stabilized portfolio. The other two are really renovation, which you saw five additional renovations added to the portfolio. So, doing lower risk, small dollar, solid return investments on that front. And then you get into innovation, which Mike touched on. We are definitely blowing a lot of personnel resources as well as capital dollars into that part of the business. So, I think that’s the playbook for now to keep focusing on that. And hopefully, at some point, cost of capital comes back, and we can get back to external accretive growth.
Andrew Cantor: Nick, this is Andrew. We regularly interact with our different partners throughout the process. We’re getting regular reports from them. We have third-party consultants during the construction period. And so we’re regularly interacting with them. As it relates to 1532, we think this is unique to our DCP portfolio. It was the perfect storm. We had an early bankruptcy with one of the key subs followed by delays by other subs as well as COVID, which caused a 2-year delay of the delivery of that building. Between the delay and the COVID impacts, it added to the cost of the building and resulted in the senior loan interest in the pref accrual eating through the equity and the economics of the deal for the developer. So when the senior loan finally matured, we were in a situation where the developer was unable to refi due to the lower NOI, which resulted in the default and then we stepped in per the terms of the agreement and bought the loan from the bank. We’ve initiated foreclosure. The building leased up during a high, obviously, concessionary environment. Obviously, rents fell a lot in San Francisco. It’s one of the markets that was probably impacted the most by COVID. But overall, we feel comfortable with the portfolio that’s very diversified across all our DCP investments. It’s laddered. It’s across the country. And we see this as a one-off circumstance driven by delays by the development of the building and the COVID market of San Francisco. To date, we’ve done 27 deals over the last 9 years or almost $900 million. We monetized 12 of those for about $400 million with a weighted average unlevered IRR of 11% to 12%. So we’ve had great success, and we’ve been doing it for a long time.
Andrew Cantor: John, I think it’s too early to say at this point. So Andrew mentioned the well ladder maturity profile that we have within these deals. And so there is only a couple of deals coming up to maturity in the next 12 months. And so over the next couple of quarters, we will see how they approach the disposition versus refi process. I know they will probably kick that off in the next quarter or two. And so we will wait and see how that develops. But right now, I can say nothing in default. The way we originally underwrite these, we make sure that we underwrite in a stress scenario in terms of asset value as well as coverage ratios to make sure to account for some variability. Obviously, rates today much higher than where they were at 12 months ago, I think 6 months from now, we could be in a very different environment as well. So all I can kind of speak to today is no issues today, and we will continue to monitor and work with the equity partners.
Andrew Cantor: Hey John, it’s Andrew. Yes, we are definitely seeing an increase in the number of both developers looking to capitalize their deals as a result of lower proceeds from the bank and as well recapping completed development deals in the market. And as you know, we have taken advantage of a few of those deals. But right now, with our capital like we are doing a lot of review of those deals, but haven’t put out any term sheets, but we continue to be monitoring the market.
Mike Lacy: Hey, Steve, that’s a great question. You’re right. We’ve been focused on this for a while now. in 2Q, 3Q really driving our too. As we move forward, we’re going to see a little bit more of the team increase going on that 9% to 10% range through December at this point. They feel like they are sticking. We’re not seeing a lot of negotiations at this point. The leverage will be on the market rent side, and we will see where that shakes out. So to your point on kind of those warning signs, I said in my prepared remarks, we see a lot of green lights still today. The one thing we’re watching that’s outside of that is just the cancel and denials. We have seen that increase a little bit. And that’s one of those warning signs that we will watch closely. But again, we’re seeing occupancy in that 96.5% to 97% range. So we feel comfortable about pushing right now. And we think that we have more tailwinds as we go into next year with that.
Mike Lacy: Not as of right now, in those same markets are the ones we’ve mentioned previously. We’ve seen anywhere from 1 to 2 weeks on average across the board there. So it hasn’t really grown and it hasn’t shrunk. And again, occupancy is still in a great place, traffic still coming into those markets. And our blended growth rate, as you see in the supplement, still very high in those markets.
Mike Lacy: Dan, we don’t have that. I don’t have it in front of me. Obviously, when somebody comes in, we get an idea of where they are coming from, but we don’t have that in an aggregated level at the market in front of me today.
Mike Lacy: Hi, Jeff, I think when you think about the price sensitivity, first and foremost, what we’re seeing is seasonality. So you still have market rent in above last year’s levels. Sure in some markets, some already have some cracks here and there, and that’s where we see some of these concessions popping up. But for the most part, it’s been pretty strong. I’ll tell you kind of fast forward and looking at 4Q versus 3Q, I do see a little bit more of a decel if you will, in the Sunbelt, and it’s just coming off of obviously very high numbers, still going to be very strong. And also right now, loss to lease is a little bit higher. Market rents are a little bit higher, maybe got a tailwind, if you will, going into next year.
Mike Lacy: We do not. So right now, as you can tell, obviously, with our strategy, it’s been our intention all along to try to drive this down, right? And right now, we’re sitting in that low to mid-single digits. And again, this can fluctuate quite a bit over the next couple of months. But again, our intention is to continue to drive this down. Obviously, builds our earn-in for next year. You can see it in our blends today. You’re going to see more of that as we move forward.
Mike Lacy: Sure. I think if you look at and you think about the fourth quarter, obviously, we have lower lease expirations. Right now, we have a little bit more ability to push it back up. So we got as low as around 96.6 to 96.7. I think you’ll see us hover between that 96.7 to 97 going forward through the fourth quarter, and we will have pricing power with that. Once you start going below 96.5 for us, it may cause a little bit of a pressure point. So we’re trying to avoid that. That being said, it’s how you get there, right? The way we think about it is our vacant days. If we’re a little bit more efficient on how we turn the units and moving people in faster, it shouldn’t really come at a cost on the rent side of the equation.
Mike Lacy: Yes. That’s a great point, Tom. So you’ve heard us talk about some of the long-term delinquents in the past. We were upwards of around 750 of them. Now we’re closer to about 450. And historically speaking, we run between 200 and 250. So we’re about halfway to where we need to be, less than 1%.
Mike Lacy: John, that’s a good question. I don’t think it’s become that much softer, but we are also inflated with our exposure there. So, I can tell you John, still feels very strong for us. The one thing that does stand out is we had some shorter term kind of interns that were leaving the market. So, we had a little bit more exposure over the last 30 days to 45 days, and we have since re-priced those. So, I think some of that’s just a short-term to long-term lease phenomenon. But the market today for us feels pretty good.
Mike Lacy: Yes. And I would say just to size that, you have about $100 million in the quarter in expenses. So, 1%, it’s only $1 million for us. Some of it, frankly, was just surprises on the insurance side. We do still have some plans on that side of the house as well. But about $1 million is equal to 1%.
Mike Lacy: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think probably the biggest one and one we are most excited about is just becoming a little bit more efficient as it relates to maintenance. So, we do have some technology that’s going into place here in the very near future. It does allow us a little bit more visibility into decisions around repair versus replace should allow us to turn the units a little bit quicker. We will have more visibility into what our vendors are doing. They will have more visibility into what we are doing. So, we think that we can compress our time that it takes to turn a unit just knowing when they are coming in, how we can schedule a little bit more efficiently, and again, driving down those vacant days. So, that’s probably the biggest one aside from that, just given what we have rolled out previously and you have heard us talk about it, we have 25 properties today that are unmanned. We do plan on taking that closer to 35. And again, a lot of that has to do with some of the technology that we have already put in place.
Mike Lacy: That’s a good question, Neil. I think what you are going to see first and foremost, with the gig stream and the fact that we are rolling out the bulk Internet. That is something that’s going to take some time. So, we are currently rolling out about 10,000 apartment homes by the end of this year. We expect another 15,000 by the end of next year and then the rest of the portfolio in 2024. So, it does take a little bit of time to start seeing that revenue roll through. We do expect that will be a run rate $20 million when it’s all said in one. And so that’s the biggest one. Aside from that, I just spoke a little bit about some of the technology we are putting in place that will help us with the efficiency around turns. That will help out. We are continuing to find ways to do a better job with our pricing, obviously, going out there and creating more of those buyers or shoppers, if you will. A lot of efforts going in there and then obviously, our customer experience project, we are very excited about that. The data that’s going to come from that. And then obviously, where that transpires, a lot of that’s going to come in 2023 on the revenue side, followed up with 2024 with another chunk of that money coming out at us.
