Jerry Davis: Yes. Nick, this is Jerry. The extra $10 million is just -- we're going to go forward with more smart home installations than we had originally planned this year. The first 19,000 have gone well; we're seeing the benefits to the platform and the resident adoption. We’ve made the decision to keep the pipeline going with the vendor, and we've added an additional 10,000 or so units.
Jerry Davis: Really, most of those benefits occur out in the field. So, there's just a few positions that will be added later next year or into early 2021. I mean, inside sales team will really be needed to support some of the functions from here. So, I’d tell you, it's really on a property-by-property basis. So, it's fully scalable.
Jerry Davis: Yes, it could, but it’s probably going to be comparable to what we’ve done in the first half. We pushed the rate heavily in the beginning part of the second quarter and had some resistance as you probably noticed and our turnover ticked up a 100 basis points, part of that was because of short-term furnished rentals which are up a 100% year-over-year. Even after backing out the effect of short-term furnished from both periods, turnover was still up 40 bps. So, we gave it a push in April and May, felt some resistance, lost a little bit of occupancy early June, and we built it back up. So, we’re cognizant that we like to run in that high 96 range. So, you may see us temper down that rate growth to maintain that occupancy. But, I still think, it’s comparable to what we’ve done in the first half and probably won’t grow.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think it is in the -- you do put in target occupancy levels into the rent optimization system. So, we got to sit where we like to be. But at times, when you push a little heavier on renewal rate growth, which we did early in the second quarter, you’ll end up with higher levels of move-outs. So, that’s when we’ll alter really the amount we send on, on renewals. Because you can always take a recommendation from the system then add a few 10, 20, 30 basis points to it try to get that incremental growth to see where that sweet spot is and that’s what we attempted to do. But, again, we’ve let the system kind of come back to the natural pricing on renewals to keep that turnover more flat.
Jerry Davis: I think so. We’re getting no contribution, as you said, from occupancy. We have been getting good contribution from other income, which grew to 11% but we expect that to moderate down to high single-digits, as you get into the second half of this year. And the blended rate growth, while it’s been up, you’re still getting rent growth that goes back over the last four quarter, that’s how it gets built up.
Jerry Davis: I think it’s going to be comparable from what we see right now to what it was last year, so kind of flat.
Jerry Davis: No, I don't think so. It’s very asset-specific in terms of the opportunities. Overall, we want to maintain that 50-50 urban suburban AB mix. A lot of our development in recent years has been more urban, high rise class A type of product. So, this does help us balance it out. So, when you do go through those opportunities, as you mentioned, 1301 Thomas, which is more urban, the two New York area acquisitions, I would say are more urban in nature. You mentioned the Preserve, or the Currents or the other Tampa deal, those are more operated as a pod, so probably a little bit more suburban, but they worked very well within your platform. So, it's kind of a mix of probably one-third urban, two-thirds suburban. In general, there have been a little bit newer, a little bit higher rents, but the ultimate idea here is to drive accretion. So, we're not necessarily trophy chasing but we're not dipping down into B minus suburban quality to get yield either. So, trying to produce more cash flow with a little bit better portfolio, a little bit more diversified.
Jerry Davis: It's a tool that we utilize. At the end of the day, it comes down to somewhat of a mean reversion type of analysis. There's a number of factors that go into it. The goal, though, is to lead us to where others potentially aren't, where there are opportunities that the herd may not see, if you will. So, we're trying to find markets that have good economic growth, good underlying demographic drivers, but have not seen rents that have kept pace with those. We think we found them in Baltimore and Philly and New York and Boston. We're trying to go that route. But, at the end of the day, there is still a qualitative assessment. Right? We have to make sure that the job composition, the education base, the demographics go through it all, make sure it all works with what the model tells us. And so, then, you siphon down the market exposure a little bit more in terms of what Harry and his team are able to focus on. And then, ultimately, it just comes down to pick the right sub market, pick the right asset.
Jerry Davis: I would say, John, over the next couple of years, you're probably going to see at somewhat similar levels as these assets continue to age. And we expect the life of the kitchen and bath to be, call it 10 to 12 years, and you’re doing 5,000 or so of those -- sorry, 2,000 to 3,000 of those a year. And there is always inventory coming in. It’s not purely kitchen and bath, we also do some expense reducing CapEx with that such as LED light replacements and things like that, as well as adding amenities, dog parks, rooftops, repurposing old theater rooms, opportunities like that, or in some place we found the opportunity to do single unit additions at properties where we have additional deck space. So, it falls into that. But, I think, when you look at that $35 million to $45 million range that we’ve been spending, I think you’re going to see that sustain for the next couple of years.
Jerry Davis: You’re just seeing muted job growth still in Orange County, it’s roughly 1% and no reason for move-out typically, leaving the area. Orange County, you’re seeing a lack of an influx lately of -- people for employment. I think in LA some of that is supply driven. It’s not as much as on the demand side. But Orange County, we definitely have felt less job creation and wage growth down there.
Jerry Davis: First, there's really been no occupancy gains at all this year. We've run it 96.9 for the past two years. So, while some of our peers are getting occupancy pops that are driving revenue growth, we're not. The second thing is, in the first half of this year, we've had more of a contribution from increasing other income, which as we continue to anniversary out more difficult comps, last year, in the second half, it becomes more muted. So, I think on the rent side, things are playing out as expected, but you're just going to get less of an impact from that. I would add, when you look at our numbers, we do have the highest guidance at a midpoint of 3.7. So, we're proud of the numbers we're putting out. But again, we haven't had the opportunity to drive occupancy, because we got out in front of that several years before the bulk of our peers. And we're continuing to enjoy the benefits of other income, and it is starting to slow from double digits down to high single.
Jerry Davis: So, we are not purely buying in the outer ring. I think, I it’s Harry made the comment earlier, really first ring suburbs, the suburban town centers, if you will, as well as some urban assets. But we're not trying to make a wholesale shift either to suburban. So, this isn't a strategic shift and a view the suburban will always outperform urban. I think, every market and every submarket will go through its cycles. Our goal is to be diversified around that by being in the 20 markets, the urban suburban mix, the AB mix. And when we've looked back over time and looked at A and B rental rate growth performance, and urban and suburban, there isn't all that much of a discrepancy between the two. And there are different levels of volatility, I would say, meaning that suburban is typically less volatile, B a little bit less volatile. So from a portfolio construction standpoint, it makes sense to have a nice blend of all those. In addition, we're typically getting a little bit more yield by going to that first ring suburb, which allows us to get a little bit better IRR than would be the case, if we went for urban A plus quality at a 4 cap.
Joe Fisher: No, it really hasn't. You saw our subsequent activity that we disclosed there in Englewood, New Jersey, which we consider part of the New York MSA. So, I think that gives you a signal that we are still interested in New York. That predictive work, of course, kind of leads us in the right direction that can go against the herd or against the group a little bit. But, then, it's still up to all the qualitative assessments and analysis that we do with the group here and with the group in the field to determine is it the right market, is it the right sub market? So, rent control overall, I think you've heard others make comments on it, we would comment the same thing that it probably does impede future capital and future supply on the rent stabilized side in terms of competing supply out there. So, there is a possibility we think that the market rate units that are in existing portfolio and in this New Jersey deal, stand a benefit over time. So overall, doesn't necessarily change the view of the overall market. But it makes us a little bit more positive on our market rate exposure.
Joe Fisher: So, typically, when we've gone out, we try to make sure that we can acquire assets to improve both, near-term cash flow growth as well as FFO accretion and then produce better IRR relative to WACC. So, we're trying to check a number of boxes. But, when you look at the ingoing cap rate on kind of this current group that we've announced, it’s high 4s. And over the next 12 months by year two, we think we’ll be into 5.25 range. You do have a pretty wide range within that. We talked last quarter a little bit about Rodgers Forge, one of the deals that we’re very excited about that we think we have the opportunity to hit to a 6% yield by year two. So, some of them have a little bit more opportunity than others, but all of them fit well with the target market strategy, the existing operating platform, and then that next generation operating platform. So, we think overall, we're getting pretty outsized growth relative to market assumptions.
Joe Fisher: Yes. There's going to be market rent growth assumptions as a baseline expectation. But, on top of that, there's a lot of things that Jerry and his team do exceptionally well on the core blocking and tackling side, whether that be managing LEMs, putting in place the other income, controlling expenses, et cetera, which is part of the core business, if you will. And then, you have the next generation operating platform that we talk about as well, which is additional juice and returns above and beyond that amount. So, you have all those kind of compounds that drive that growth.
Joe Fisher: The intent of course is to still try to continue to find opportunities there. We like the risk adjusted returns that we’ve found to-date. And so we're going to hold to that underwriting and that return requirement. Like you said, permit activity has come off a little bit, I think, on the construction financing side, the fact that we're probably going to see here in the next hour, LIBOR come down and Fed funds rate come down, you seen on the construction financing side, spreads have compressed a little bit and terms have eased a little bit. So, I would say our capital that cost becomes perhaps a little bit less competitive. But, we don't have a ton of capacity there left, another $100 million or so to go to get our kind of self-imposed limits. So, we don't need to stretch, we don't need to go rush out there and find it. So, hopefully, we find some more opportunities. But right now pretty happy with all the acquisition activity, we've been able to do.
Joe Fisher: Yes. We did have incremental returns, we had an extension fee on that that we earned. That was blended in over five months. In addition, we think it may create an opportunity on the back end here, as they continue to move forward with that opportunity. So, it may roll into an additional DCP opportunity, which could be larger in nature, could have a different return profile, and could have backend participation, as many of our recent deals have had.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Alex. It’s Joe. So, there was another factor that changed in June, although the focus was on the Tenant Protection Act of 2019, which we have talked about previously, put us at about 80% market rate with the two deals being Leonard Pointe and Columbus Square that were in the rent stabilized size. What we also got caught with in June was New York State Court of Appeals ruling on 421g, which impacts our 10 Hanover and 95 Wall assets, which are about 3.5% of our total NOI. There had been a court case out there that went all the way up through Court of Appeals that we’d expected would not rule against landlords, the court case specifically focused on could you utilize luxury deregulation in 421g. Historical precedent, going back to the 90s have been that all landlords consider those market rates. When 421g was put in place, Giuliani and the state Senate had agreed that luxury deregulation could be utilized for those. We’ve seen prior court cases that have supported that and the Department of Housing and Community Renewal had also provided us specially and others documentations that said they were market rate. Unfortunately, the Court of Appeals decided to overwrite all of that. So, we’re little bit surprised on the ruling and the timing of it. So, that did slip us to 40%. I’d say the positive or silver lining on all of this, the legal versus market rents today, there is a very substantial gap to where legal rents will be for those two assets, although we’re 25%. So, new leases are not impacted. We still have the ability to push rates on those. And then, from a duration of how long we are within rent stabilization or at least lack of luxury deregulation, and Hanover comes off in the next 11 months, on 6/30 of next year. And 95 Wall is off 6/30 of ‘23. So, that's why we ramp back up from about 40% today and start ramping back towards that 80% of our a couple years. Now, the NOI impact, I think Jerry kind of broke down, relatively immaterial, as I look at these two plus the other two that we've previously spoken to. So, relatively immaterial NOI impact, don't see evaluation impact, given the fact that they're about to come off rent stabilization the next couple of years, but there was a change in that percentage.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think, it’s more driven by the former than the latter. We're always looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio, improve near term cash, long term cash flow growth. So, even if we didn't have a cost of equity today, we could be still turning assets over and selling assets. So, we're always looking at opportunities, always looking in the market. But there hasn't been a change in our underwriting that's driven us to be more aggressive. I think, it's more so simply that we’d become more active as our cost of equity is improved. And so, given the opportunity to go out there and issue some equity, be disciplined around it in terms of managing the dilution profile, making sure that we match funds and making sure that we keep putting up more accretion for 2020, given that opportunity, we want to take advantage of it. And so, we're able to do that. But, we'll continue to monitor what's going on in the use side, and then the source side as well and match them up.
