Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon everyone and welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The first quarter of 2015 was another great quarter for UDR and our business is firing in all cylinders. As a result of great execution from operations, exceptional lease up velocity and a new strategic investment, we increased our full year same-store and earnings guidance ranges. In short, we continue to execute on our previously communicated 2 year strategic plan, with transparent strength of fundamentals and our diligent capital allocation we feel great about the plan and our ability to deliver on it. The following four topics highlight our first quarter. First, our operations outperformed versus our initial expectations and historical norms due to exceptional new lease rate growth, strong renewal rate growth and a continued focus on containing cost. These trends continued as we move into our prime leasing season in the second quarter. Second, our development lease-up continue to perform very well. We are exceeding our budgeted lease up absorption and realizing rents in excess of our initial projections at Beach & Ocean in Huntington Beach and our 100 Pier 4 in Boston Seaport area. We expect to complete 326 million of a previous development in 2015, which will continue to drive our cash flow and NAV growth. Third, subsequent to quarter-end we entered into a joint venture agreement with The Wolff Company in a portfolio of five communities that are currently under construction. The venture will provide UDR with a pipeline of over 1,500 new homes with an accelerated delivery schedule and anticipated completions beginning in 2015 and ending in 2017. All of the communities are located in core coastal markets including Metro Seattle, Los Angeles and Orange County. Tom will address the economics and the benefit to UDR in his prepared remarks. Fourth, we are increasing our full year same-store and earnings guidance ranges to reflect the strength evident in our operations and the accretive nature of the venture that I just mentioned. Better operations and the venture contributed a penny each versus previously announced guidance. Lastly, our prospects look fantastic as we enter the second quarter. Our mix of A and B quality communities in northern and suburban locations should continue to generate strong operating results. As I indicated earlier April trends were well above our initial forecast and May looks like it will continue to accelerate. There remains a long runway for growth at UDR and we have the right plan and team in place to capitalize on the opportunities. With that, I’d like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR associates for their extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. I’d also like to welcome Shelby Noble to the UDR team as our new Head of Investor Relations and express my gratitude to Chris Van Ens for all his hard work and along over the past 3 years. I know he will be very successful working with Jerry on the operating team. We look forward to continued success in 2015. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Yes. Just in and Jana you are talking about the land development JV or about Wolff? Yes we have five assets that are included in the JV currently there is a sixth asset that is currently being considered by both parties and we may add that prior to closing so yes that would be a West Coast asset as well.
Tom Toomey: We do have a pipeline of additional development opportunities that is something that we would discuss with them once we move forward.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom Toomey and thank you for the question. It’s an open-ended speculative question and in all frankness I’d rather focus on what our strategic plan is, the execution of it and the delivery of the results. And so, while we sat around and observed what’s going on we think our best plan is the one we’ve outlined and the execution of it.
Tom Toomey: I think it’s a double edged sword. I mean I at one-time with a few other guys in this room ran a company that was 400 apartment homes. And to tell you the truth after about 200,000 doors you start having inefficiencies because you become a company that’s run by spreadsheets and not the local knowledge of the particular real estate. And we like our size today and are more focused on what we derive out of the assets than what our G&A is relative to the size we don’t see it as a problem today. We look at the results and the cash flow growth of the enterprise more than we do to the G&A aspect of the enterprise.
Tom Toomey: Well we get a 6.5% preferred return on our $136 million investment so I think you could describe it as a coupon, yes.
Tom Toomey: Well it’s not dilutive relative to our cost of capital but the question is that the 6.5% coupon that you realized sort of reverse to a 5.4% the answer is yes, so the returns do come down slightly as we -- as the properties come online.
Tom Toomey: No we would not we really look at occupancy and generate the highest NOI based on rent increases turnover and things like that and what we’ve seen as we pushed rates in places like Seattle, for example you’ve pointed out. We had renewals of 7.4% in the first quarter, they went up to 8% in the month of April and turnover at 43% is not dramatically up from a 38%. But when I can reload it at 6.1% on new lease rate growth, I am okay with that trade-off. Our job is to increase the value of the real estate, and we believe we have to do it by driving rate growth by really whatever means is necessary and if you get to a point where you're having to dramatically cut new lease rate growth because you have pushed too many people out the back door that would tell me I am pushing too hard. But I am still able to get to 6.1% in Seattle. I've got occupancy today in Seattle that's north of 97%, place like Portland where it also increased 40 -- turnover increased 46%, we have 9% renewal growth and 8.1% new lease rate growth and my renewal growth in the month of April was 10 and my new lease rate growth was 12. That tells there is opportunity to do it. Sometimes people are moving because it’s a transient workforce and when you look at places in the West, a lot or people have relocated from other markets, especially in the Millennials that are going to the West for the job opportunities. And they’re just going to jump around a little bit more. So, we’re not overly concerned with that today.
Tom Toomey: Yes hi Nick, we took it from 1.25 to 1.30 down to 1.20 to 1.25, and just a couple of items on that, most of it’s due to the delay in the bonds issuance. Just based on timing that we previously had in the plan and we’re comfortable at this point pushing that back to the, towards the latter half of the second quarter. And a little bit of timing on cap interest on one of should development assets. So that's what makes up that difference. And as to cap interest, I could add it up out of the -- I want to say it’s like $5 million of quarter. That's just from memory. I think that's right, but I can add it up and you can call me after the call if you like and I can verify that. But I think it's in that range.
Tom Toomey: Well. Alex, as Harry said, one of the things we really like is that we have the option and the ability to look once we get to the utilization and once we get to our window and we can look at the properties, making new investments and deciding which one we'd like. Wolff, one of the two of five which are really just to give them some comfort that we were going to perform, but as we said to one of your earlier questions, we initially started with 10 properties and went through the investment analysis and the joint venture hopefully will be safe towards the process negotiating for one final property. So I think from a real estate -- I think perspective Jerry and Harry feel very comfortable with the six that we have in the JV, and like I said, we'll be able to make that decision at the option time.
Tom Toomey: Okay, multiple questions there. Let me see if I can get them all. The first question was we issued at a net price on the $109 million at $31.64. That’s correct. You got to remember we were issuing most of that at the very beginning of 2015. So the lease of January 6, January 12, that’s when the majority of it occurred. So when we think of an average of what the consensus NAV was at that time, and you guys will recall that early in the year that NAV started to move fairly quickly. We had an average consensus NAV during the issuance period during the same time they were issuing these shares of $31.07. So on a net basis we came in at $31.64 and the consensus NAV was $31.07. I think the second question was, you note that we utilized the ATM -- I would -- and if our price exceeds that which allows us to issue at or above what we continue to do so, what I would reference back is the remarks that I made in the first quarter call when we spoke to our different uses of funds, which are set forth in that trader [ph] strategic document where we had development cost, we had certain acquisitions, spend and so we sort of bucket of funding needs for the year and we spoke to three sources that we would fund them with; and that was issuance of stock, sales of assets and debt. And we have executed to that as we had indicated we would and we said that we would identify what we thought the most favorable sources of funds to fund our needs and we have done that and we’ll continue to do that. As we look at where we stand today after picking up the various fundings that we’ve already completed, I guess it’s probably important for me to remind you that a good portion has already been funded. We’ve tweaked our guidance a little bit on attachment 15, but the changes are not major. You will see that when you compare the old attach from 15 to the new which provides our guidance. And we have already funded a 109 -- we started with a need of $825 million. ROE, it has adjusted for the latest adjustments. We funded 109 in the ATM. The Texas JV brought in 43. We’ve got sales under contract of 65 and we’ve got more out there that will go under contract. We’ve got 300 million of debt that I’ve already alluded to that will likely come in at the end of the second quarter. And what that really means is we’ve got about $250 million to $300 million remaining for the entire year, which is a relatively small number for us as you know and we continue to state that we will use the most advantageous funding source for that purpose.
Tom Toomey: I don’t think that’s what I -- if I said it, I didn’t mean it in that context. What I was saying is just because a market is performing well, we’re not going to hold on to it ride out strong NOI growth and wait till it starts to go on a down cycle. Jerry can get optimal pricing when there is still some upside opportunity. So we don’t wait till the market is about to turn south to mark it for sale. That's what I meant to say.
Tom Toomey: It's really occupancy. You look at the two components that really drive revenue growth, one is change in occupancy, the other is change in rent per occupied home. And then the first quarter it was 60 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year and 4.6% growth in rents. We will most likely not have the opportunity in last three quarters of the year to see that same occupancy growth since we pushed occupancy last year up starting in 2Q to the high 96 levels. So it's predominantly going to come from rent growth. That being said, if I had to look at it today based on the trends, we’re probably moving more to the middle to high side of our guidance number, then we are too below.
Tom Toomey: I’ll start with that Jordan. I think -- I don’t know that we have the -- I know that we don’t have the exact -- their exact cost numbers. Suffice to say this a premium to the resisting cost, but I think I'd point to that the 559 is $357,000 per apartment home and the 597 is prudent to be exercised the options on over -- and the remaining 52% on all five properties is $380,000 per apartment home. So neither of those are numbers that are alarming over the field, particularly rolled us from a new construction standpoint.
Tom Toomey: So Jordan, the way that I think about it is rather than pointing to $80 million of $136 million, we get the point to $80 million on $597 million which is the total aggregate purchase price assuming we acquire all five assets. But what Wolff gets is -- again, I think I mentioned at the beginning of the call they get -- first they get return capital to their open ended fund, which is favorable for them, I assume on then assume many levels including the fact that they get to redeploy these assets. And secondly, Wolff has a robust pipeline of additional opportunities. In their minds they were over allocated on the development side to both Southern California and to Seattle and therefore they we having just sort of forego other opportunities. So from their perspective they get a couple of -- there is a couple of significant benefits to that.
Tom Toomey: The spend is somewhere -- that's going to be as adjusted about $350 million for the year. That’s development [indiscernible]
Tom Toomey: And you're right that the partner is responsible for all cost overruns and the guarantees on the construction loans.
Tom Toomey: We’re actually going to be the property manager for each of the properties and Jerry’s team will be doing the lease-up on the properties.
Tom Toomey: One other thing I would mention is part of the due diligence process, Harry's team have actually now look at existing Wolff product. So we’re familiar with their construction, we’re familiar with their product. We have teams now have been meeting the Wolff people and going through finishes, going through layouts and so I think we’re pretty comfortable that we're going to have a very active role and a very active voice in this whole process.
Tom Toomey: Well first let me say thank you for your time today. It was very productive. And we appreciate your interest in UDR. As we started the call business is great and bordering on fantastic. You can obviously hear from the call our level of enthusiasm for where operating trends are headed and the opportunities that lie ahead and we’ll continue to execute on our two year plan and believe that that is a great path for UDR and for our shareholders. So with that take care and we’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Harry Alcock: Nick this is Harry, Wolff was in the market looking for capital partners and given our sort of recent experience with Steele Creek we started talking to them about a similar type structure which is how this thing evolved from our partners perspective I assume there are a number of benefits that they could communicate but I know specifically they’ve got a couple of benefits, one they get to return money to an open-ended fund and redeploy it and secondly they were specifically over allocated on the development front to certain of these markets.
Harry Alcock: That’s on trended rents we have grown rents up 3% on average over the next couple of years through stabilization.
Harry Alcock: No and I think you touched on it, that one of the things we looked at and liked about The Wolff transaction is that the initial deliveries whereas in a typical development deal when you are three or four years out from the time you start the planning process in The Wolff transaction initial deliveries are 11 or 12 months from now and stabilization follows about a year later so Wolff does get us there much more quickly.
Harry Alcock: And Rich if you think about sort of a development strategy that we’ve talked about historically it’s a deal that we’re going to have sort of one property under construction in each market at any given time. So as we for example finish our Pier 4 deal in Downtime Boston we just recently acquired a land site and in the south then with the expectation that we’re going to start next year. As it applies to DC we have our DelRay property that is where we have completed construction and are in the midst of lease-up. Our hope and expectation would be that at some point in the near future that we have a new DC development asset that we can start to construct and we’re actively sourcing those opportunities now.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think I’d just add that we will continue to chip away at these properties to meet our sales objectives, to just give you kind of an overview of the properties that we’re working on now. We have two properties that are in central Florida that are under contract, one in Tampa, one in Orlando. And to your point on Portland, we have one of our three assets in Portland that's currently in the market. We’re getting terrific investor interest and would expect to close that sometime in the third quarter.
Harry Alcock: Yes, the number is probably higher than that but we didn’t -- we don’t have that handy and we didn’t speak to the all-in construction cost start. Our buy in price is 559 million. So what we did say is that construction cost is below our volume price.
Harry Alcock: Michael its Harry. They are a required facility to the documents to build the property in accordance with the approved plans and specs. These properties are all in a construction. We’ve reviewed the plans and specs of -- we’re going to hire a third-party construction manager to participate in the weekly OAC meetings, constructions meetings and get weekly reports or monthly reports from Wolff. So we’re going to have sort of kind of an active oversight rule in that process.
Jerry Davis: Now that is true, actually DC will be close to flat we expect DC for the full year to come in between 1.5% to 2% we’re starting to see the Downtown area as I said in my remarks get closer to the same types of growth as we saw in the suburbs over the last year or so they’re roughly even in that 1.5% range today. A big part of that is most of those assets last year were combating against the lease ups and therefore I have an offer I am going to have free of concessions when those have gone away. But the rest of the portfolio as you noted we are seeing a continuing growth in revenue when we first gave our guidance back in early February we felt our numbers were realistic given our economic data at the time, even though at that time we were seeing a lot of the operating trends on the ground that were showing strength, that was a little early in the year as we got further into the year we've seen the rate growth continue to accelerate sequentially and just as an example I would tell you that in the month of February our blended rate growth between new and renewals was 4.9% in March that grew to 5.6% in April it's jumped up to 6.6% so it has been going up 50 to 100 basis points a month even though we don't expect that pace to continue we do anticipate that the growth will continue to go higher just not the same level of increases each month But I can also say in the month of May I would expect it to be higher that was in April with 6.6 I’d also like to point out that we sent out renewals for the month of June and renewals in June are averaging at over 7% portfolio wide but there is a fairly wide disparity between the strongest markets which are the West Coast where renewals are pushing very high single-digits in the Sunbelt and Mid Atlantic are at the bottom those are about 5% renewal increases right in the middle close to the midpoint of what we are sending out is the Northeastern markets of New York as well as Boston so big disparity and I would remind you that typically we realize very close to what we have sent out so the seven should be a pretty good strong number. Today also just to get this out of the way our fiscal occupancy is 97% and what's really impressive to me and this really speaks to the broad success or strength of the rental markets that we’re in we don’t have a single market that has fiscal occupancy today less than 95.8% and when I look at our new lease rate growth in April our blended rate growth in April compared to the month of March 90% of my markets are higher in April than they were in March. So, going back to what you said we see continued strength and it's virtually across the board.
Jerry Davis: Steve as I look at my original plan DC is one of my most positive upside surprises along with Baltimore so the entire Mid-Atlantic area. The last quarter we stated that we felt so we had bottom in fourth quarter of 2014 in DC and then it was either going to plateau or start to reaccelerate the acceleration was a little bit sooner than we expect although we did expect it to go positive. I think it potentially could outperform even more we’ll have to see if the jobs continue to come. But right now the new supply inside the Beltway is providing less resistance than it was last year. In fact I think on this call last year I had given some data points of what were my best performing and worst performing individual assets were in DC and I know my worse performing was at about a negative 4% growth and it was my View 14 property down on View Street and if I look at my first quarter results this year that same property has positive revenue growth 3.5%. So that U Street Corridor in particular where we’ve bet pretty heavily with really about four properties within a mile up there are really performing well.
Jerry Davis: It is universal look so one when it will show occasional signs of some weaknesses in Dallas although the job growth continues to be strong we have felt the effect of new supply have been playing out where we have roughly one half of our same-store portfolio. But other than that the strength is across the board I think the Downtown San Francisco is impacted by supply as I stated in my prepared remarks that Downtown area is underperforming the Bay Area at about 5.5% to 6% if you call that underperforming. But Steve today we keep looking for when it is going to hit us that is negative and it’s been hard to find. Earlier in the year we were a little concerned with Boston but then what came into reality similar to last year is it was a seasonal weather issue because as soon as March came around we saw a dramatic pick up in our rent growth, our occupancy which have stayed strong, got a little bit stronger and as evidenced by the success of our Seaport lease up Pier 4 we’re very enthused by the strength of Boston even though there is significant development pressure Downtown.
Jerry Davis: I’ll start it to Harry in a second. One thing I will tell you Rich is, we’ve been going and looking at opportunities to do renovation properties and we are in the midst of one out in the Fairfax County right now underwriting it with a hopeful start later this year when we think we can do some value-add. We also have some more modest renovation opportunities inside the Beltway but I know Harry has been looking at product inside the Beltway and I will let him give an update on that.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. I guess I would start with -- you’re correct. These two non-core markets are performing extremely well. And I would remind people that when you do look at our non-core markets, it’s not always because they’re underperformers. They just don’t meet our strategic initiatives and plan. And I think at times it’s best to actually exit a market when it’s at the top. So in a second Harry will give you an update on some of the transactions that he is looking at in those markets. But today the operating teams are doing an extremely good job and markets that have good fundamentals. But again they don’t fit our core strategic focus of these gateway markets that are bicoastal. Even though they’re in the coast, our preference would still be for Seattle over Portland. And while the Monterey Peninsula market has done extremely well, the average rents in that market are fairly low. It caters more to an agricultural economy. And longer term we grow their CR assets in some of the other markets in the West Coast or East Coast but when you think about San Francisco, Seattle, Orange County, LA, a more comfortable long term.
Jerry Davis: I guess just caution as we go further into the leasing season, and again we have visibility into June during the months of the third quarter you got another 30% of the properties, the leases that will reprised. Today again I am more optimistic that we're going to push towards the high-end than I am to the low end, but we have another couple of quarters later this year to take a look at it. But today I can’t tell you anything that I see that's excessively negative.
Jerry Davis: But we don’t see any of the redevelopments we’re anticipating right now Rob being of the size of some of the ones we've done over the last couple of years.
Jerry Davis: We like Belvieu very much. Now there is job growth continuing that there even though Expedia is moving their headquarters over to Seattle from Belvieu we think it will get refurnished within downtown Belvieu which is a growing and vibrant city to be honest with you. We continue to see revenue growth so far this year north of 6%. We have a very high end A portfolio there, although as you stated there is significant new supply that is coming to that market. We think Belvieu caters a lot of the east side job centers, whether it’s Microsoft or downtown Belvieu, or Google employers on the east side. I don’t think we would be looking to downsize Belvieu. Two of our deals are MetLife JVs and then very high end we have the Element Steels which -- they're extremely well with the workforce in Belvieu and we have one property down in the downtown area Belvieu that's only about 80 units. That typically does very well although this year as you noted it surrounded by supply and it’s probably suffering the most with revenue growth that’s roughly flat compared to the 6% or 7% to the rest of that sub market. The two deals that we did we get in the Wolff transaction related to this are ones in Salt lake [ph] Union, which we're excited to have one downtown presence. Currently we really have one 50-5o JV deal with Met down there. That's probably the best property in all of downtown Seattle. This property provides us with -- I think of it is a dormitory for Amazon workers. It' surrounded right in the middle of the Amazon campus. So I think that is going to do extremely. And then other deal is then Columbia city which is probably 5 - 6 miles south of the downtown area. The thing we like most about that property is it's right on the LiveRail. It's directly across street and it's in an emerging neighborhood that we think has a ton of upside growth. And what we really like about that -- because a lot of our portfolio in Seattle is a product, this is a price point is about 65% to 70% of what downtown rents are. So it's a great alternative to those people that want to want to have more of an urban feel but can't afford downtown Seattle. So I know it's at long question about Seattle but we are very bullish on Seattle. You're right. That city, [indiscernible] new supply but the job growth was more than sufficient and we continue to be very excited about really growing our exposure in that market.
Jerry Davis: Sure. Yeah start on Marina del Rey, and as you pointed out, it has struggled. Our revenue growth -- this quarter my expectation will be the lowest in the sector at 3.8%. About 80 to 90% of our same store portfolio is in the Marina and when you look at the Marina it has been hit with new supplies down at Playa Vista which an adjacent sub markets, your buying company and several other operators have been building there over the last couple of years. And while it struggled last year and this year, our expectation is that as you get into 2016 and 2017, when the sliver comp [ph] beach really starts cranking out the jobs which are projected to be probably about 10,000, whether it's Google, Yahoo, [indiscernible], several other tech employers are coming to that sub market. We think our proximity to the jobs is going to more than offset what's been hurting us with our proximity to the new supply. So it's just a situation where the supply beat the jobs, and we would expect in 2016 and 2017 to see that get quite a bit better. As far as initiatives in the west coast, we were really run the same initiatives, whether it's east coast or west coast. One thing we have been doing down in our Orange County portfolio is investing some revenue enhancing dollars which Herzog requires and we comply with getting a 200 basis points over [indiscernible] IRR, which typically is about a 20% return on your money. But we're looking for opportunities to upgrade those 40 plus year old properties that we've maintained well but we haven’t improved the functionality since we bought a lot of those assets back in the mid-2000s. So they were due and we've been putting some of that $30 million or so that we get guidance, revenue enhancing dollars since beginning the year. It's heavily growing into the west coast. As you look up into the San Francisco area where we had 9% revenue growth, on a situation there honestly as we don't have anything in the east bay, the downtown area, the jobs are coming, again commonly but I said about the Marina del Rey area. The financial district is going to have significant job growth over the next couple of years but that's also where the new supply is coming. We are fairly heavy in that some area. And then up in in Seattle, I think about 80% of our portfolio up there is a product, and even though new supply haven’t hurt it too much, it has had an impact on it. So no real new initiatives, although we are looking for opportunities like I said in So-Cal to reinvest even more in our real estate to give our residents some of the things they’re looking for.
Jerry Davis: We think our renting demographic wants to be in that urban core, and they have various things they have to spend money on. And when you’re living in urban core, you get to cut down on your transportation cost, which can run upwards of $1,000 and they just make trade-offs. But that younger demographic that we’re typically focused on in those urban markets have a high preference to be in the downtown locations, their entertainment, their jobs. And you'll always get few people that will move out to the next ring, whether it's in San Francisco going to Oakland, Manhattan going to Brooklyn or Jersey. Only one of those markets you brought up that I continue to see a fairly high new downtown purchases since the Boston market which historically since we benefited last three to four years has been one of our highest move out to home purchase markets at over 20%.
Jerry Davis: Deals outside-inside, as I stated I think earlier on the call, they’re starting to compress to where either it's a B or it's an A or it's inside or outside, they’re all getting more to the point where they’re averaging between 1% and 2%. So the differentiation is tightening. My As actually were at about 1.9% revenue growth during the quarter and my B’s we’re about 1.2%. So the A’s actually did pick up. And again I think that was because they had more supply pressure last year for concessions. We’re keeping the price down. And honestly what’s been interesting for the same reason is my urban product which is more of the inside of the Beltway, and revenue growth of high twos and my suburban was just slightly negative. So we kind of have flipped a little bit where the suburban A is starting to pick up steam. Then when you look at how does April looked, in DC my new lease rate growth was 0.8% in April. That’s probably if I look back the first time, that number has been positive in the last year and half. So it did go positive at 0.8 and my renewal growth in the month of April in DC, and these are effective numbers, is 5.6%. So DC is starting to look a lot more like the rest of the portfolio. It’s getting there.
Jerry Davis: Well, haven’t really noticed the job growth slow as well as far as the performance of my properties we have seen our downtown product, which competes with new supply as a rough patch at times. We have another property up north at the domain shopping center where new supply is also effective, even though it's kind of in a tech corridor. So we like it long term. But Austin is definitely a market that has seen a slowdown from last year to this year just as absorption of that supply is occurring. Although Austin goes through these waves where you will have new supply grow 10%-12% over a three year period. It will be difficult three years but then as soon as they eat that up, it takes off again. So -- but Austin right now, I just told you the good news about DC accelerating. When I look at Austin my new lease rate growth in the month of April is negative 0.3%, and that compares to about 2%-2.5% in the first quarter. So, we are definitely feeling some pressure in Austin today.
Warren Troupe: Steve. This is Warren. They recently had a portfolio of 10 that they presented to us and when we looked at the 10 the six that we've been talking about are the ones that we thought had the promise for us.
Warren Troupe: This is Warren. The completion guarantee is under the construction loan and certain other non-recourse bad void guarantees.
Warren Troupe: The average price for construction loan is about 210 and the total amount of construction loans, it's about 275 million and our UDR share would be about $140 million. So of that 2017 maturities would be approximately $173 million, 2018 maturities would be $39 million. Of those UDR shares will be 84 million in 2017 and approximately $19 million and 2018. All construction loans have two-year extension feature.
Tom Herzog: So I would put at this way we do look at our internal NAV and we run it for a purpose to determine whether we believe internally a transaction would be accretive or dilutive and more certainly if we had concluded that it would be dilutive to us we would not do the transaction so we do look at our own NAV when we consideration equity as well.
Tom Herzog: If I could just jump in, it's Herzog just to be clear the 6.5% prep on the investment balance until such time as the asset is considered stabilized which would be at 80% occupancy and until that date The Wolff partner will incur all operating losses minus interest or get any operating income during that period of time. Once we have been deemed stabilized on an asset to that definition, then we move into our sharing ratio of 48% to 52% from that point forward. So whatever the asset is yielding at that point will be what falls to the bottom-line and the stabilized numbers that Harry is speaking to at the 5.4 is what he is referencing. So that is the mechanics as to how that will play through the P&L over the life.
Tom Herzog: Well, I think the benefit of having fixed option price is that when we get to that point and the property is stabilized, we can make a separate investment decision as to whether that option prices is a favorable and then make the decision at that time.
Tom Herzog: No I think the math is, it’s a, the 6.5 doesn’t come into play in terms of calculating the stabilized yield. If you take the 5.4% that we’re going to achieve for the first 48% it would be a mid for us for the incremental 52%. So we are assuming we acquired all five proprieties we’d be somewhere in that 5% or low 5% range. That includes property tax reassessment in the California property so that sort of diluted the return somewhat but that’s fully incorporated into the underwriting and the reality is that if we sell the property or two loan exercise on all of them and to monetize those gains and apply it against the retain fees that we would be at somewhere in the mid fives. And when we’re talking about underwriting, we’ve underwrote these things in a fairly conservative manner. We’ve assumed revenue growth of roughly 3% per year for the next couple of years through stabilization.
Tom Herzog: Rich, the 136, I’ll say the same thing Harry said a little different though. The 136 million based on that going in price is -- comes in at a 5.4.
Tom Herzog: I want to be real clear, and I’d probably answer your question but just one other item to clarify. When we acquire the remaining portion that we don’t own for those assets that we chose to exercise the option. You got to look at that as just we’re acquiring at that point a new stabilized asset for that additional purchase price.
Tom Herzog: Nothing of any significance. You can see that the couple of odds and ends in the -- attached from ‘15, but all the big stuff would be passed, which was really the Texas JV promote and dispo fee. 
Tom Herzog: No, we just looked at our coverage, we looked at the growth of our AFFO, and as we’ve lined out the last couple of three years, we wanted our dividend growth to largely reflect our AFFO growth. So nothing has changed on that front. It wasn’t the tax issue. And we'll contaminate that as we think forward the next couple of years, as you look at our plan too, you’ll see that our dividend growth coincides with our AFFO growth.
Tom Herzog: And then just one other guarantee that Warren might have spoken to us, and I think we spoke earlier, but keep in mind at any operating losses during that development period are included by Wolff up to the point stabilization. So that’s another form of guarantee from our perspective.
Tom Herzog: Yes, that’s correct. We’ve got debt that comes due. There's some delay on that and take a two to three years out as these options become exercisable and that debt comes due -- we can choose to fund that -- whatever the most advantageous way is. And keep in mind too that if we choose not to acquire one or two of the assets, that that can also act towards the funding. But as we talking, but we would be looking at all five assets as having appeal from a purchase perspective, but we’re through a place out on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. It's actually for you Jerry, on the Marina del Rey concentration in Los Angeles. I was hoping you could talk about the growth in that area and what ultimately kind of gets that market out of the --and how the flattish environment -- it's then persisting and furthermore maybe talk about other operational improvements you're making elsewhere on the west coast to improve growth just beyond what the market is providing and to win more of those markets.
Unidentified Analyst: And one follow up, shifting to the East Coast, as you look at markets like Boston and New York where obviously condos in the city are very pricey, people are -- they want to be in the city. Renting is still the most attractive option. Given the public transportation systems of both of those markets, there is always options that somebody really wants to get out if they’re willing to spend like commute to save money. Are you seeing anything in those markets, whether it’d move outs to buy ratios or sort of where people are interested in renting? It would indicate that there is some potential rent fatigue there.
Unidentified Analyst: And does that include equity or is that actually a preferred payment? It's actually overturn or is it go towards your equity to buyout the next piece.
