Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris. And good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First, all aspects of our business continue to perform well in the second quarter. Operations are strong throughout our portfolio, our aggregate development pipeline is meeting or exceeding expectations, and our balance sheet is solid. In short, we continue to check all the boxes with regard to the key components of our current three-year strategic plan published last February. We are just over halfway through 2014 and the macro environment for apartment demand in our markets has been slightly better than we initially expected. These markets continue to generate superior fundamentals relative to the national average. Against this backdrop and in conjunction with our strong 2014 results to date, we raised our full year earnings and same-store forecast in today's release. Tom will discuss details in his prepared remarks. While it is too early to comment on 2015, we will re-price approximately 30% of our apartment homes in the third quarter. And if current trends hold true, we expect another strong year for apartments and UDR. Jerry will provide further details on our forward operating strategy in his prepared remarks. Second, we closed on $81 million of dispositions during the quarter, had better pricing than originally contemplated. Additional sales have closed in the third quarter. Tom, will provide further details. From a big picture perspective, continuing to fund our accretive development pipeline with non-core dispositions is a trade off and is working. Later this year, we plan to market additional assets and anticipate strong demand, given the depth of acquisition capital in the marketplace. We are confident in our ability to execute upon our disposition guidance of $350 million to $450 million in 2014. Third, we are forecasting two or three additional development starts during the remainder of 2014, with anticipated cost to construct of $200 million to $325 million, depending on actual starts activity. The starts will be in our core markets and may include Orange County, San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles. At least two are anticipated to be with MetLife in a 50-50 ownership structure. Like our current pipeline, these new projects will help drive strong NAV and cash flow growth for UDR and its shareholders. Fourth, we successfully issued $300 million of 10-year unsecured debt during the quarter at an attractive 3.75% coupon. This issuance points to the strength of our balance sheet, which continues to improve. And finally, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for their hard work in producing another strong quarter for UDR. We look forward to the remainder of 2014. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Toomey: I think San Francisco and Seattle and Portland, the Pacific Northwest as you can see on Page 20 of our supplement, we're already getting very high-single digit new lease rate growth. I tell you what's been encouraging, I had in my prepared remarks, and a lot of people have asked about Orange County, because Orange County when you look at my supplement, we had new lease rate growth that was a negative 0.5% in the quarter and our revenue growth was up 4%, which was pretty disappointing in my expectation as it's going to be at the low end of my peers. What we were doing there was fixing the Coronado's where we had really catered over the last five to 10 years to a lot of short-term leases. What that created was a lumpiness in my revenue stream where I would peak in the spring and summer, but then fall down drastically in 4Q and 1Q. We've been pushing more for longer-term leases, which hurt our occupancy a bit and also took down our new lease rate growth. We think it's going to pay dividends, not just into this year, but also going into '15. But what's really encouraging is when I do go back and I look at how much my market rents have gone up from June to July. They've gone up $25 per unit in just the last month, which is over 2%, and my occupancy today in Orange County is 95.9%. So I think it was a painful strategy that we had to go through in the first half of the year to restabilize Orange County, but I think it really will set us up for a good end of this year and a strong 2015.
Thomas Toomey: Yes, Mike. One thing we found and we keep reading through everybody's research is there's lines between urban and suburban seem to be blurred in our view, because you're seeing a lot of these cities are really connecting both of those areas of their communities through enhancements in their transportation systems and jobs are moving around that transportation hubs. And so it's hard for us even when we look at particular cities to draw a distinction between urban product and suburban product. What we're really more focused on as a company and where we allocate our capital is really kind of get more focused on our submarkets and where we think rent to income levels are supported, supply constraints might be greater, and the prospects out into the future. And so you take Manhattan, which we've stepped into probably four years ago, we really looked at the market and said, we wanted it would be a B product in Manhattan. And then we thought over the long-term, that's where the greatest potential for either redevelopments or steady cash flow growth over time. And always felt that an A in Manhattan would be a tough deal, because that's a renter by unique standards and would be very frugal in terms of where they always move to the next new great deal. And you contrast that where Bella Terra in Huntington Beach, the submarket to us was really attractive, because nothing had been built in 20 years. And it's very clear after putting up a 500 unit community, and Jerry leases it practically out in eight months that that was a good identified opportunity. And so you will find us going forward and probably doing a better job of communicating it, is trying to articulate clearly why we think the submarkets that we're building in and the product that we'll have in that market, where it's positioned, and why we think over the long-term it creates greater value. And so we're not trying to marry ourselves to an A product or B product or an urban or suburban, we're really trying to throw a very careful dart around a particular submarket and a particular product that we think over the long-term really generates the right returns. And I think that's what we are challenged to do and communicate in the future and you will see us do a better job of that.
Thomas Toomey: Tom will add some, but I would tell you this. I think asset pricing had some to room to run. The capital is stacked pretty darn deep, cash flows are growing, availability for leverage is still out in the marketplace at very attractive prices. So we think there is some room to run these asset prices, and by no measure calling a top on pricing. So I think we're going to continue to just expose assets, see where pricing comes in. If we feel like we're reaching a toping mechanism, we'll certainly revisit our strategy and our plan.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you for all of you, for your time and the comprehensive dialogue on the call. In summary, it was a very good quarter. We started out that way. We feel great about the quarter. It's a great time to be in the apartments business again. And lastly, I'd say, we're very focused on our plan and in particular about building a strong 2015. We feel like we got a lot of right momentum, a lot of right operating strategies, execution on the development activity, the financing front. So we feel really great about the business and are looking forward to getting this year behind us and getting into '15. With that, we'll sign off. And wish you to have a good happy summer.
Thomas Herzog: Nick, this is Tom Herzog. We still have a view that funding the remaining development through sale of non-core assets is how we would intend to fund that. As it pertains to issuance of equity, as we've been saying since the beginning of the year, trading at a premium and having accretive use for the funds that we will consider as an option, but as far funding development it is intended through the sale of non-core assets.
Thomas Herzog: When we look at the first half, we came in at about $0.75 of FFO as adjusted and we have $0.76 in the second half. The reason that the growth is in a little bit bigger in the second half, well, there is a couple of things you probably expect. We issued that unsecured debt in June and then we've got the dispositions in the second half of the year. So it's kind of in line with what we expected. As to the beat that we had in Q1 and then Q2, just a little bit of conservatism, probably both into the guidance for the first two quarters, as each of those quarters came up, as they were both early in the year and a little bit of uncertainty. So there is really nothing beyond that.
Thomas Herzog: It was a one-off. It was class A asset in L.A. that over time it would have been a nice asset to own. So it was a one-off. We don't have any further assets like that in our portfolio at the current date.
Thomas Herzog: That's actually for the ones that are under construction, that are in the pipeline. The 180 basis point is for the entire $1.1 billion pipeline, including those that are completed.
Thomas Herzog: Again, we're comfortable with the -- we've got about $500 million maturing. Its $300 million or so in January, and then the balance of that I think is in December. It comes in at a rate of somewhere around 5.6%. And as that refinances, it probably comes in a lower rate. So it's a pickup in our model depending on how that plays out. But we're comfortable with that.
Thomas Herzog: Dave, let me look at the details of that, we could take that offline. Let me call you back after the call. There is nothing down there, but I do want to take a look at that and answer it after the call.
Thomas Herzog: I think Tom covered it. As it currently stands, Mike, we still do think that that matching the sales of non-core against development is the right approach. But certainly as conditions change, we'll revisit that. But that's currently where we stand.
Thomas Herzog: We had a couple of things going on in the G&A. There was about a $1 million of timing in the first half. We just had an acceleration of about a $1 million from what we would have in the second half. And the second thing is we did bump the guidance up at the midpoint, [Technical Difficulty]. You're correct, part of this is just delta based on performance. The other small amount is just miscellaneous other items.
Thomas Herzog: The G&A up by $1 million, it has no connection really with the same-store operating expenses at all. It's just two totally separate things.
Thomas Herzog: Well, we said a couple of things. So same-store has improved with better results on the development as far as timing, the lease up on that. G&A is an offset. We did have some timing on the interest expense, where we've got the bond offering that occurred late in the June timeframe, we've got some timing on the sales. So when you factor all those components in, that's what's driving the $0.01 improvement.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry Davis. We really started driving occupancy up probably about nine months ago. And it's really a couple of factors. We really didn't do any of it within the pricing system. I think when you look our rent growth and renewal growth, it's comparable to most of our peers, but we have seen a pickup in occupancy. And there is really a two or three primary drivers of that. One, starting in fourth quarter of last year, we brought in-house, what we call an outbound call center, and all that is, is a small group of people that go through a discarded leads from our sites, that our sites folks have just determined that they are not hot leads, and we try to resurrect those. And even though the hit ratio on those is relatively small, we found we've been able to pick up over 250 incremental leases, so far in the first seven months of this year. And when you look at that over the entire portfolio not just the same-store, that's probably at least a 40 basis points or 50 basis points pop to occupancy that was done with nothing to do with pricing. The other factor and we've been working on this for a couple of years is continuously driving to reduce the number of days an apartments sits vacant between when the prior resident moves out and the current resident moves in. Two years ago, we were about 26 days to reoccupy unit, our goal this year is to get it to 22 days. We hit 24 days last year. And we think we can continue to drive that down further by becoming more efficient on turning apartments, as well as putting more of an emphasis on pre-leasing, notice to vacate units instead of just vacant units. And I would remind you, everyday we can cut off of our average days vacant about $1.05 million of additional revenue drops to our bottomline.
Jerry Davis: I think we can get it probably to the mid-to-high teens. We're currently, when you break it down between turn time and time to reoccupy after the unit is made ready, we've gotten turn time down to a little under seven days. And the amount of time to get it occupied after its ready is about 15 days. Those numbers fluctuate and there's some seasonality this time of the year. My goal for the month of August is to get to 15 days of total vacant days. But when you get to the winter months, they can get up to the mid-to-high 20s. And I do have some tight markets that I typically can run at about 10 days such as San Francisco and pockets in New York.
Jerry Davis: Sure. I'll start with the Beach & Ocean. We're currently getting $2.69 market rents per square foot at Beach & Ocean. And I would tell you, we'll accept our first units their in October, and we've already pre-leased 16% of the property. We're still in design for the Pacific City deal. So we haven't finalized rent levels at that property at this point.
Jerry Davis: The percent in second quarter in total was 19%. It's actually a hair under. That's up a little bit over the last year or so, when we were more in the 17% to 18% range. And I can tell you, I don't have good information on historical numbers related to this, and I don't know if they would be valid anyways, given how much UDR's portfolio has changed over the last seven years, the totally different type of product and resident base. It ranges from mid-teens to mid-20s, but the majority really do come in between that 18% and 22%.
Jerry Davis: I sure do. For the last couple of months on new leases, Bs have outperformed to As, somewhere in the 40 basis point to 50 basis point range. And on renewals Bs are getting about 20 basis points to 30 basis points better. So call it a blended 30.
Jerry Davis: I would agree with that. Lease up velocity over the last 30 days has been strong throughout the development portfolio. On Page 21 of the supplement, we show leased occupancies at these properties and they continue to strengthen. I can tell you for example, Channel Mission Bay, a San Francisco property today is 97% leased, and I'd remind you that we expected our first residents just seven months ago in December. Bella Terra is 99% leased. Domain College Park, which has been a little slow to lease up, because it caters to the Smith Business School at the University Maryland, it's 99 % leased today, and 30 days from now once school returns, it will be at about 98%. So we'll have achieved over 90% occupancy in about 13 months, because we accepted our first building last year in June or July. And then when you get down to 13th & market, which is our property in the East Village, downtown San Diego, leased occupancy today is 81%. We accepted our first units there last fall and that's another property that we fully expect to hit stabilized occupancy over 90% within 12 months. And I stated earlier to Alex that Beach & Ocean are property that will open its doors in October in Huntington Beach. We've already pre-leased 16% of the units there. And the DelRay Tower, our property in the DC area, where we renovated and added density to existing property, we opened that property later this week and we've already pre-leased 21% of the units there. So leasing velocity is good. And I would tell you, the ones that's been a little bit slower than normal, we tend to lease up in 12 months or less on average, but Fiori, our property in Vitruvian Park, which at about month 14 -- I mean 18 right now, is 92% leased. So we're about to hit stabilized occupancy there.
Jerry Davis: I don't see why it cannot continue at that rate, Derek. The only thing I could see changing, but I think we would still be able to keep that occupancy, if my people on the ground maybe keep these leads alive a little bit longer. I think they have a lot of things to work on and some times you do just have some traffic that falls off the radar that these people pick up. But yes, I think the new norm, especially given the portfolio that UDR has today and the markets it has today and the quality it has today, it's probably going to continue to run 50 basis points higher than we did a year ago. I think this is a new norm. And the good thing, I would tell you because of the boost in occupancy that that team gave us, is it's put us in a position about three months earlier to have very high occupancy. This morning, when I was looking to my dashboard, I'm between 96.8% and 96.9% physical occupancy at my same-store portfolio. When you have that kind of occupancy at this time of the year, it gives you the ability to push rate a little bit harder. I'll give you a quick example. I look back last year, and when I looked at my June market rents and my July market rents, I had started decelerating by about $10 per unit from June to July last year. When I look at June to July this year, my market rents per unit accelerated $10. That's about a $20 or a little over probably 120 basis point increase in what I'm going to be able to push rents at. And we're willing to let occupancy slide down a bit. Its still be in that mid-96 level to set ourselves up for higher rent growth today than we normally would have been able to get. And the reason we did that as we think it's going to help propel us in not just fourth quarter, but it set us up at least through the first two to three quarters of 2015 with strong revenue growth.
Jerry Davis: No, it's really more of a one-time cut. Effective rates today are about $1.80, that's about where it was when we did the original cut. What you're really seeing is just a normal seasonal pickup that occurs in Dallas. The last two to three months we've been grossing 40 to 45 leases per month there and netting somewhere in the 35 range. And so Dallas is a tough market, especially at the end level. You've got new supply that's coming in both [Technical Difficulty] Plano area. So we're kind of getting squeezed on both side as we introduce this new price point in that Addison market. One thing we're encouraged by and this won't help us all at once, but we think it will over time, is the Toyota headquarters building that moved from Torrance, California is up in Plano, which is probably only a 10 or 15 minute drive from Fiori, and we think we're going to be able to capture some residents from that relocation.
Jerry Davis: D.C. is stable. I wouldn't say it's necessarily improving and I think we're really going to have challenges over the next nine to 12 month as is new supply continues to come and job growth continues to be moderate. We've been stable. We had 1.3% revenue growth in 1Q, it was 1.2% growth in 2Q. What I can tell you is the differential that we have experienced between our best performers and worst performers has tightened. In the first quarter my best performing property was a deal out in Fairfax County. It was a B quality asset that had 5% revenue growth. And my worst performer was a stabilized property in the U Street corridor, that's right across the street from our Capital View development. And now it had about a negative 4% revenue growth. This quarter my best performing property was that same Fairfax County property and it had positive revenue growth of 3%, but my worst performing property was a property inside the beltway on Columbia Pike that was at negative 2%. So it still is a submarket-by-submarket deal, but I think D.C. is going to continue to be the struggling market for another nine to 12 months.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think if things continue as they are today, Dave, adding 200,000, 250,000 jobs a month, when that supply continues to come where we're seeing from AXIO that it's going to hit our submarkets. We're comfortable that things next year probably going to look kind of similar to what they are right now, and the deceleration will probably continue through the back half of this year for us. That is going to be predominantly due to us not being able to pick up any gains in occupancy, because we hit high occupancy late last year, and today we're trying to push rents. But we think it's really a continuation of what we're seeing today.
Jerry Davis: We're taking a full cash flow cap rate approach. We take 2014 NOI. We're using real CapEx not the $300 to $500 dual version of it. So $1,200 a door and then 3% management fee, so very much of a straight on cash flow cap rate approach.
Jerry Davis: Sure. I'll give you the first one. July new lease rate growth in total was 4.1%, which is up a bit from May and June. Both May and June were 4%. So it's continued to accelerate. And as we look out into the month of August we have visibility of what market rents are on those units that either have not been leased yet or have been pre-leased. I would expect August to be roughly in that range too. And then, renewals in the month of July came down a bit, they were 5.1%, and I would expect renewals over the next quarter or so to be in the lows. And then, you asked about urban and suburban, we typically track it more A, B and things like that. I will tell you, we look at urban and suburban, I'm going to let Thomas Toomey address this in a second, but just when do you look at the growth rates, urban As and suburban As for us, they are both right about 4.1%. This is more on the revenue growth for the second quarter, not new lease rate growth. And then, our best performing segment was really the suburban Bs, which came in the 4.7% range. But I'm going let Tom a minute about how we look at urban and suburban and our view on that.
Jerry Davis: Well, it's hard to tell. There is still more supply coming. I can tell you I'm a little encouraged for example at U Street. Again, we have Capital View and a property called View 14 that is in my same-store pool, that when I compare to last year, it's a bit better. I can also tell you it's interesting when I look at D.C. and I look at market rents compared to what they were a year ago. We're about within 1% of where they were a year ago, and they're actually 4% higher than they were at year end. So there are some submarkets that I think have been fairly stable, when we look out it Woodbridge, when you look at some of our properties in the district around Logan Circle and places like that, things feel fairly stable. But again, wherever the new supply is going to continue to come out of the ground, I think you're still in for tough sledding.
Jerry Davis: Not really. This is Jerry. The occupancy increase in guidance was really much more related to how well we've done in the first half of this year. We were able to hit 96.8% this quarter. I think year-to-date occupancy is 96.5%. Our expectation was really that the first half of the year we would probably be in the low 96%. We weren't as confident at that time that this outbound call center would be so successful. So it's really a continuation of the same occupancy we've had. And I would tell you the increase in occupancy that we had in the first half of the year really was able to help fuel the revenue growth, because we actually came in a little bit under in the first half of this year in rent growth based on our original plan. So basically what I'm saying, I think occupancy continues roughly where it is. And you probably see a slight deceleration or flatness, if you will, in rent growth.
Harry Alcock: I think as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks today, including the B note payoff, we closed about $225 million year-to-date. We've got another $47 million scheduled to close this week. A couple of properties in non-core capital warehouse markets in Virginia Beach that will get us to a little over $270 million. That leads in order to hit midpoint of our guidance another $125 million or so. We will at times consider selling properties in core markets, particularly non-core properties in core markets. We're aware that condo pricing is starting to manifest itself a bit in certain markets in New York City and San Francisco, we're not looking to do anything specifically today, but that potentially is an opportunity in the future.
Harry Alcock: The three Florida assets, where we received 20-plus bids on each of those. It's just a very broad buyer base, mostly kind of local and regional syndicators. But there is a lot of folks that are selling for those types of assets, they're leverage buyers. It's a very deep and liquid market right now. There were no retrades on those three. The two Hampton Roads assets, the buyer base is a little bit different. It's more of a local type buyer typically. We get several bids, but we're not going to reach the 20-type buyer range. But again, it's going to be a leverage buyer, and there was no retrade of any kind on those either.
Harry Alcock: Alex, if I can jump in a little, I can tell you, this is Harry, with certainty we're going to get well above $3 a foot rents at that project. It really is a unique piece of dirt in Huntington Beach adjacent to 200,000 square foot retail center that will open in about a year. Tenants include Apple Store, Equinox, really unique type of project. Next to it, the hotel site has started construction. The hotel operator will be a resort-boutique type operator that operates the properties like the Bacara in Santa Barbara. So we're really going to have a very, very unique product offering there.
Harry Alcock: I'll start and Herzog and Jerry can chime in, if they have any additional input. But remember, these are stabilized yields that we're calculating. So mostly those stabilized yields are calculated one year after completion. So these are sort of 2015 and into 2016 are the measurement periods. So in the last quarter we for the most part have not updated any forecast associated with those dates. But the assets are continuing to lease up as expected and that the forecast have remained largely unchanged over the last quarter.
Harry Alcock: Nick, its Harry Alcock. The yields for the pipeline, the 180 basis points are about 6.1%. And then the future projects in California, again, we'll announce those once we start the project. But I think you could assume something relatively similar.
Harry Alcock: Rich, this is Harry. I mean couple of things. One, demand for these assets have been very strong, as I mentioned earlier in the call. And there really, given the demand and the competitive environment for these assets, there simply are no retrade, which there haven't been in our experience this year, which candidly is a bit unusual. Remember, we expose a number of assets to market, the mix of assets sometimes impacts cap rates, but primarily it's just a very favorable sales environment. And an environment in which interest rates, if you recall, have actually floated down, which also impacts pricing.
Harry Alcock: The truth is there is still a lot of demand for apartments in the good D.C. locations and pricing of recent trades reflects that. Buyers inevitably here are going to contemplate that the next year or two is going to be, call it, flat in terms of revenue growth. But the good product still has a plenty of buyer demand.
Harry Alcock: I think you hit it. The main point is that there is a lot of good jobs being created in Boston, whereas in D.C. job growth is largely flattened out. If you just look at the jobs coming into the submarket adjacent to our Pier 4 project, in Seaport, that we'll begin delivering early next year, we spend over 2 million square feet of office that has either been delivered in the last year or is under construction, 70% or 75% of that is already leased. Companies like Vertex relocating into the Seaport, taking 1.1 million square feet, which is 3,000 or 4,000 jobs. Goodwin Procter is taking 4,000 square feet in an office building right next to our Pier 4 project. So you do have an unusual amount of job growth that we expect will fuel demand for the apartments that are being delivered over the next couple of years.
