Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad and Chris Van Ens, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.  To begin, first quarter results met our guidance expectations, and we anticipate same-store growth and FFOA per share will improve from here. As evidenced by our guidance increase and the demand trends, which we will speak to during the balance of our prepared remarks.  We are often asked the reason for optimism on the recovery of the multi-family sector and the magnitude of the potential upside UDR can capture. Our response is twofold. First, on the macro front, we expect to see the typical demand and growth cycle witnessed in the past recoveries. The U.S. economy appears prime to accelerate as additional fiscal stimulus kicks in.  Vaccination rates continue to improve and the return to office plans crystallize. Business conditions across most of our markets returning to more normalized levels. These factors should have a positive impact on job growth and wage growth, which drives demand for multifamily housing. It is difficult to put a range on the potential economic benefit from this unfolding, but recent operating trends put us in great position to realize this upside as we enter peak leasing season.  Second, this recovery will have an additional tailwind that no past recovery has had, the potential relaxation of regulatory restrictions. These COVID-related regulations cost UDR an estimated $8 million to $10 million of NOI during the first quarter alone. Mike will further detail this opportunity in his remarks. But we are optimistic in our ability to recapture the income as restriction sunset and the recovery ensues.  Collectively, our macro views the acceptance of our Next Generation Operating Platform by our residents and our ongoing ability to accretively source and deploy capital drove the full year 2021 guidance increases provided in our release. Joe will discuss this further in his remarks. Let me take a step back and look at our business over the intermediate time horizons of 2019, '20 and '21 and into the future.  I firmly believe we have the correct strategy in place to outperform. Our business model is somewhat unique in the multifamily space as we are widespread diversification, innovative culture and a focus on operations makes UDR a full cycle investment, capable of performing well across a variety of macro backdrops.  This proved true in 2019 when we accretively acquired nearly $2 billion of properties with attractively priced capital. In 2020 amid a pandemic, we made tremendous strides implementing our next-generation operating platform, which represents an entirely new way of conducting business in the multifamily industry, that has and should continue to drop more dollars to the bottom line.  For 2021, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the accelerating economic recovery and eventual relaxation of regulatory restrictions in many of our larger markets. All in, UDR has generated better-than-average FFOA per share growth in 7 of the last 9 years, a track record I'm immensely proud of.  In closing, I remain highly confident in the strategic direction of our company and our team's ability to execute on an opportunity set that's in front of us. The ongoing commitment of our team has delivered increasingly higher levels of service and satisfaction to our residents as we progress towards the full rollout of our platform while also making more efficient. For this, a heartfelt thank you goes out to all our associates for skillfully adapting to a new way of conducting business and executing our strategy.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Thomas Toomey: And Mike, this is Toomey. Maybe a follow-up. How much of that does the platform enable to deal with 1 more traffic than cost us anymore and to are people more likely to lease with the platform versus our prior stabilized period with leasing agents.
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. I would say this, there's always going to be inefficient operators in the marketplace as long as it's a fragmented industry. And certainly, you could see from our purchasing over the last couple of years, we're very adept at finding that opportunity and executing on it. With respect to seeing operators in the marketplace pull product off, well, let's hope they do so. It gives Mike an operating tailwind that he can take advantage of, and we'll see where that plays out. I think the bigger question on most investors' minds that own today is what are interest rates going to look like? And what is the new tax law going to look like.  And I think we're going to find that out over the next 6 months. And both of those may, if they break a certain way, free up a lot of assets for purchase. Has typically been the pattern. Cap gains going up level they're talking about would be one thing. The 1031 potential elimination would be another. Those probably push a lot of assets from the old pattern to the sale pattern or exploratory the pricing. And you couple that with potential interest rate increases or proceeds constraints, it pushes more assets into the middle of the table.  So I think we're well positioned to take advantage of that, should it unfold. And I think we'll have our answer in the next 6, 9 months.
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. Just to add on to Mike and because I can get in trouble and he can't on these things. In a self-service model, which is really the core of the platform, you'll find opportunities in the following areas and immediately is the cost structure of the organization. But beyond that is the customer satisfaction potential and understanding in more depth, and we've hired a group to help us work through understanding the sales cycles and our opportunity set and where we fail to date. And so in today's leasing online or in a touch list, we actually touch the customer 7 times. The truth is we probably don't need to touch them that much, but we're trying to figure out which points of that touch cycle in a sales cycle actually lead to a successful sale, as an example.  Second, Mike's demographics. You've seen our power of our pricing by home because we're tracking 10 years of data and can figure out what the right renewal strategy should be for each individual and not a holistic mail out an offer and see what they think. But actually customizing it to their situation and their patterns.  So those are just 2 real simple examples. I think others in a self-service model go into the speed and ability to interact you won't want to sit at a kiosk, get an airline industry and wait for 10 minutes for service, you want it to be 3 clicks and done. As we learn more and more about those things, we're obviously focused on the margin customer service angle of it. We think there's plenty of room to run down this because a lot of other industries are way ahead of us. And fortunately, I think we're in the lead on the multifamily space about thinking about it, executing on it, and we want to maintain that.
Thomas Toomey: We continue to look at a lot of this. I will say that the vast majority of it can be replicated. The challenges might be cultural as well as implementation. And -- but we'll continue to explore any piece of it that is licensable or IP and report on that later.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, operator. And just some quick comments on closing, recognizing we ran a little long today, but I thought it was very beneficial. Again, thanks for your interest and time today in UDR. Certainly, you can see from our tone, our results that we're very excited about our business prospects and looking forward to talking with you more as we execute in this recovery cycle.  And so with that, please take care.
Michael Lacy: Nick, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. It's been interesting. I'll tell you, just in general, New York, San Francisco, Boston, those markets have performed a little bit better than we expected to start the year. And when you look at New York specifically, we've been able to bring our occupancy from at around, I want to say, 94.5% during the quarter, around 96.5% today.  And it's been promising to see the concessions continuously drop. And really the last few weeks, I would say, in general, we've seen a remarkable improvement. So just to break it down a little bit, New York, average concession still 0 to 8 weeks, and it's very different by different parts of the city. We're seeing 2 to 4 weeks in Chelsea. And then we're right around 6 weeks down in the financial district as well as Midtown.  We're still upwards of around 6 to 8 weeks around Columbus Square. But overall, occupancy today is hovering around 96.5%, and we expect to see our blends continue to improve. San Francisco, specifically, that's been a little slower to recover. We're starting to see some of that availability transition to occupancy as evident by our new lease growth, down around 11% to 12%. But we're excited to see the occupancy go from 92.8% in 1Q to 94.5% today, and again, concessions in this market have also come down in the last couple of weeks. We're averaging between 4 to 6 weeks as a whole.  But i would tell you, Downtown as well as SoMa is closer to that 4 to 6 weeks today, which is a significant improvement compared to just 45 days ago.
Michael Lacy: Yes. We do have some interesting trends. For New York specifically, move-ins coming out from outside of the MSA. We saw about 25% number there, and that compares to about 10% the year before. And I'll tell you something that jumps out to me is our 25 to 30-year-old age group in that market is twice as likely to live alone now. We've seen stats go from 14% to 27% in that market. And then San Francisco, not as big of a difference. We're seeing 20% come from outside of the MSA. It's pretty comparable to what we saw last year. And the age demographics haven't changed as much in that market.
Michael Lacy: Great question, Austin. I'll take that. I would say it's very market specific, probably 1 of the best trends I've seen over the last few weeks is, in some markets, I have a 30-day trend that's higher than my current occupancy. So that tells me that there's some people that are looking to move sooner rather than later. And when you have that type of trend, you can really start pushing on your market rent.  So that is places like the Sun Belt for us. It's Richmond, Baltimore. Just phenomenal results over the last few weeks. But specific to traffic, when you look at that chart that we provided on Page 2 in the sup, New York, San Francisco, Boston, our traffic was up about 120% on a year-over-year basis, most recently, and that compares to the rest of the portfolio, around 90%. And then as it relates to converting, we've been seeing as a percent of our home count, 1.6% lease conversion, which, typically, in a normal time, when I compare back to, say, a time like 2019, it's closer to 1% at this period of time. So I'm seeing leasing that's more typical of end of May, early June time frame.
Michael Lacy: Yes. That's a good point, Tom. Obviously, we've opened up the fund, right? We've talked about this in the past. By allowing more people to come to the property, we can send out sometimes upwards of 5, 6, 7 people at a time, first want to go see different units on the property. So obviously, that's had a pretty big impact on our traffic.  You can see it in the numbers. I would say it's increased a twofold in a lot of markets. So that's probably 1 of the bigger factors going forward on how we're able to just kind of continue to drive that traffic number and convert at a high rate.
Michael Lacy: Yes, Rich, this is Mike. I'll take that. I think just generally speaking, again, we are pushing rents, and we like to push it until it breaks, if you will. In some markets, we're able to push a little bit higher. Others, it's a struggle. And it's -- it comes down to what's happening within these markets. So I think a good example for us today is a place like Orlando, we compete with a lot of private operators and we can push so hard. But at some point, they start doing something with concessions or lowering their market rents. It puts pressure on us. So we managed to, call it, that 30-day to even an 8-week trend. And as long as our occupancy is stable, we're going to keep pushing. And then it comes down to the regulatory environment, just in terms of what we actually can charge.  In some places, we -- and specifically, renewals, we're still 20% of them, we can't charge anything. So we're limited by that. We're watching that very closely, and as soon as that opens up, that's going to give us a bit of a lift off.
Michael Lacy: Rich, it's Mike. I'll tell you, it's 2 things. So we're actually seeing benefit both on our controllables and our noncontrollables right now. And a lot of that I would attribute to the platform on the controllable side. For example, our expense growth in the first quarter was around 2%. A lot of it had to do with what was going on with the snowstorms down in Texas as well as in Richmond, Baltimore. If it wasn't for that, our controllable expenses would have been closer to flat.  So we're seeing pretty good trends as we move into 2Q and 3Q, just as it relates to personnel reductions and things of that nature. And then on the noncontrollable side, our taxes have been coming in better. And Joe can elaborate that on more but it's both components for us today.
Michael Lacy: Yes, Rich, we've talked a little bit more in the past, we're really starting to get into some of the data science. And I gave a very brief answer on kind of what we're seeing with demographics. I can tell you, we have a lot of information that's going into the system, with all of our data sets.  And we're sorry to really, again, just scratch the surface on what we can tap into, and it's pretty exciting just to get an idea of what opportunities are out there. We're starting to putting [indiscernible] on them, if you will, understand kind of how much return is there, how much time it's going to take, but we've got over the next couple of years, some leeway here, and we'll continue to push on it.  But we've been very excited about Platform 1.0. I did mention in my prepared remarks, we've transitioned 16 of the 21 markets. We're getting close to 30% reduction in headcount at this point. Our heat maps are up and running. We're starting to see that play through in our blended rate growth. Our residents and our prospects like what we're doing, evident by the NPS scores continue to increase. And at this point, we've rolled out 43,000 SmartHomes. So we're getting close to finishing that up, too.
Michael Lacy: Yes. Juan, it's Mike. It's about 70 basis points. So we would have been 70 basis points higher if we weren't at 0% and 20% of our renewals.
Michael Lacy: Sure. So January, we were negative 2%, followed by February, negative 2% and then March was negative 3%. April is looking very similar to March, just as we, again, transition some of our vacancy to occupancy in some of these harder hit areas. And then after that, I expect it to start actually improving significantly as we go into July -- June and July. As far as renewals go, we averaged 2.7 for the quarter. January was 2.5. February was 2.6. March is 3.0. And going forward, we expect it to be about 50 to 80 basis point increase throughout the rest of 2Q.
Michael Lacy: Yes. Sure. Alex, that $15 million to $20 million is really as it relates to our platform. So Platform 1.0 and again, we started this back in 2018. We will see about 75% of it come to fruition by the end of this year. And then we have about $5 million that would remain in '22 that come from additional cost savings as well as some of our revenue increases based on some of the data science that we're seeing.
Michael Lacy: Sure, Haendel, it's Mike. First, just so I can remember those questions. I'm going to start with the last one. Our rent income hasn't really moved. It's still around 24%. And we screen based on a gross number. And if you recall, our strategy was to keep gross rents high and really use concessions. So it's been nice to see kind of a stabilized number on that front.  In terms of the move-ins and move-outs and where we are with occupancy and demand, we're still coming off of some pretty big lows. So while things are improving, it still has a little ways to go in some of these harder-hit areas. But I'm telling you the last 3 weeks has been very promising. Demand has been stronger than we expected. And again, 1 of those markets that I've referenced earlier, New York had a higher 30-day trend than our current occupancy. So we're actively pushing rents right now to see what we can do.
Joseph Fisher: Now. The way it kind of works, and it actually tracks at pretty similar trajectory as our FFOA guidance. If 2Q, if you take the midpoint of expectations, both for FFOA and then our internal expectation for build revenue in same stores, which we do expect to see a sequential improvement on both same-store revenue and NOI as we move into 2Q. If you flatline those for the rest of the year, you get to the low end of expectations. So that effectively assumes that the reopenings pause. There is no further improvement or pricing power. And all the trends that we've seen that we're talking about on the second page of the supplemental effectively cease to exist.  So I think a somewhat conservative assumption there, but probably prudent given where we're at in terms of timing of the year with 70-plus percent of the leases left to be signed. The economic recovery is still ongoing. And of course, the regulatory environment. To go to the midpoint, you need to see that continued improvement as we move throughout the year be it occupancy, pricing power, getting the collections number up and bringing back some of those other income numbers.  So you do -- you didn't just see a continued improvement from 2Q into 3Q and 4Q to get to the midpoint or high end of those guidance ranges.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Jeff, it's Joe. Starting with '21 MSAs in terms of UDR's portfolio, we think we're probably going to be up about 10% to 20% in terms of supply growth this year.  That equates to roughly 1.5% of stock. That number has come down plus or minus 10% from what we would have been talking about a quarter ago as we have seen continued revisions and delays taking place in some of the Coast. So the picture is getting a little bit better there in that sense. Submarket wise for us in terms of competitive supply.  Overall, for our portfolio, is looking like it's going to be flat to down actually. So competition wise, looking a little bit better than the MSA as a whole. I'd say the markets that probably look best for us in '21 Boston, Orange County, Baltimore and inland Empire. Those that look a little bit more difficult, Northern California, L.A., New York, Nashville, Orlando and Seattle.  If you start to fast forward into '22, '23, I think all of us have been a little bit frustrated by the stubbornly high number of permits and starts. So we probably don't have quite the tailwind that you've seen in historical recoveries coming from the choking off of capital and supply as we get into those years.  Relative to starts and permits are down plus or minus 10% off of peak levels. I think, regionally, as you look through. Clearly, the coastal markets have come down more, while Sunbelt has remained relatively static. And that's a trend that you see even when you cross over to the single-family housing market as you start to think about total housing supply that's out there.  So markets that are kind of best and worse that we're keeping our eye on. The markets that look to be a little bit more troublesome. Markets like Raleigh, Phoenix, Charlotte, Austin, Denver, Nashville. So a lot of the Sun Belt markets. On the Coast, I'd say the ones that look a little bit better, Boston, New York, L.A., San Fran, and then even within the Sun Belt, Dallas looks a little bit better. Orlando looks a little bit better. And then the ID looks a little bit better. So generally speaking, high level, though, Sun Belt just not seeing the same reprieve in supply on a forward basis.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. The biggest inhibitor for us in terms of external growth is probably going to be the opportunity set available to us. When we go through that list of value creation mechanisms that are available, be it the ops, the initiatives, the platform, the CapEx programs, it's not as if every deal that cross Harry and Andrew's Desk presents that opportunity. So the ability to fare it through a wide swath of opportunities across the markets that we're targeting, have them figure out the submarkets that we want to be in and then put together the business plan around those assets so that ops can go operate those assets and execute upon it and get the upside kind of from that 4.5% cap to 5.5% cap over time. Those are not a dime a dozen.  So I think the opportunity set is probably the biggest inhibitor to go out there and continue to take advantage of the competitive advantage that we have in place. The sourcing the capital, we always have assets that we can turn around and sell that we think may be maximized from any 1 of those perspectives. So we can always go find assets to sell and recycle into additional accretive opportunities.  But I think the external piece, limited by that. As it relates to the second part, the fund business. We do have a great JV partner in Metlife that we continue to be partners with and very much enjoy operating with. So we don't have any plans to change from that perspective. But fund wise, it's not an avenue that we have explored, keeping the value creation in-house and having it fully accrue to our shareholders is generally beneficial. And complicating the business, generally not something that we've tried to look to do. So something they have the [indiscernible] and discuss with the Board, but no plans at this time.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Thanks, Rich. It's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off and turn it to Mike for some details. I think in terms of expectation of revenue growth, clearly, we do expect to see, given the fundamentals that we've displayed on Page 2 of the supplemental, we do expect to see an acceleration in our year-over-year performance as we move throughout the year. 2Q likely remains in the negative territory, but we do believe we flip over, maybe even early as June on a year-over-year basis, but definitely in the third quarter, given the trends that we're seeing. So we do think all the efforts that we put forth on operations will start to show through on that year-over-year number pretty soon here.  As it relates to -- I think your comment specifically starts to come into a little bit on Page 4 of the press release in terms of the blends that we show at plus or minus down 50 bps throughout -- the most of the cycle versus within the Page 4 table, the year-over-year contribution to growth, that minus 2.6% for gross rents. I'll spend some time on that as I think concessions, occupancy loss, bad debt reserves are probably a little bit more self-explanatory.  But the walk from how you get the blends to that down to 2.6. Keep in mind that blends are lease to lease. So you have to have a new lease in place to actually capture that metric. So the 50 basis points down really explains only about 20% of that down 2.6 . What you're not seeing here is that we do have a lot of units that were occupied in 1Q of '20 that were higher rents in the urban coastal markets that are sitting vacant today. And so that is not captured in the blends.  When they do get leased up, they will start to show up in blends. So if you have 400, 500, 600 units out there in some of our major coastal markets that are at much higher rents that are sitting vacant that revenue stream has been lost, and that really explains the other 80% of that down 2.6 . Over time, obviously, as you start to lease those units, it's going to be a positive to build revenue, positive to occupancy, positive same stores.  But could potentially weigh as you put new leases in place in some of those more distressed markets at lower rents. It could weigh on new lease pricing depending on where they're going. But I think you heard from Mike in the opening comments there, the trajectory on those markets clearly head in the right direction, retaining pricing power, driving concessions down. So we hope to not see that negatively impact blends, but do think it's a positive for year-over-year as we move forward.
Joseph Fisher: Close enough, it's okay, Rich. We can take it offline and then walk through the definitions in a little bit more detail in terms of how we allocate the different dollars between physical and economic. So why don't we take it offline? We'll take it through there. And then if others have questions as well, we can go into kind of the details on the [indiscernible] on it.
Joseph Fisher: We're really trying to look more in that 4 to 10-year time frame when we're thinking about these assets. Clearly, you've seen depressed NOIs coming in some of the more harder-hit markets. But if NOI was down 10% or 20% in New York and San Francisco, we never saw asset values adjust to that degree. So you're not seeing a 1:1 adjustment NOI and asset value. So it's not as if you can take advantage of the upcoming NOI stream by buying that depressed pricing.  So while we do fully expect that you'll see that short-term phenomenon of coming off a low base. You see the momentum in our press release for some of those more harder-hit markets on a sequential basis. We believe it's coming. We're seeing it's coming, but we're not necessarily factoring into how we think about our diversified portfolio. We're trying to think more in that 4 to 10-year time frame. And you can kind of see the incremental deployment and sourcing that we've done based on our portfolio strategy work here in the recent quarters.  So buying some more in Boston and D.C., Philly, Dallas, Tampa, et cetera. And then sourcing a little bit in Southern California as well. So a little bit of changes on the margin, but it's very much on the margin. It's not going to be a big shift given that we're already starting with a pretty strong position with a diversified portfolio.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Overall, on the real estate tax side, Rich, we came in at 2.7% in the quarter, if you look at attachment 6 within the sup. For the full year, we think the number is probably around 4% growth. That's down about 100 basis points from our original budget, really driven by some of the valuations coming in better. And then some of the appeals work that we've had.  So in California, we've had a number of appeals and valuation wins. We've had some others throughout the portfolio as well. But still some risk out there as it relates to Florida and Tennessee and Texas as well as Boston and New York in the back half of the year. But we feel a lot better. We've kind of derisked that piece of the equation and feel better about where we're growing at that point.
Joseph Fisher: I think the recent capital markets activity effectively demonstrates how we're thinking about the portfolio on the margin. We've talked about the principle by which we operate, which is maintain diversification. So we think that's worked in the most recent down cycle. it will work in the up cycle as it has historically, it provides a good jumping off point for us and our investors to deploy capital and create value over time, which you've seen us continuously outperform on cash flow growth for the last -- almost decade now.  So I want to maintain that as it relates to Dallas, Dallas ranks, I'll say, middle of the pack in our quantitative models, but it ranks very well on the qualitative side, be that the affordability, the corporate headquarters, corporate reloads, the new hires, in terms [indiscernible] that they're attracting and the demographic growth that they're seeing.  So we do have a pretty high degree of positives on a market level related to Dallas. And it comes down to the opportunity within those markets in terms of making sure that it checks all those different value creation boxes. So it's a little bit of how we're thinking about it. But again, it's going to be very much on the margin. Overall, though, I think all these markets have the ability to do well going forward. It's not as if we're in Southern California, Northern California, New York, et cetera cannot perform on a go-forward basis. We think they have a near term, a very strong rebound coming as demand comes back and hopefully, as regulatory restrictions come off.  Longer term, they'll remain hubs in their respective industries. It's just that they're not going to get the monopolistic share of jobs and incomes that they've had historically. So and stood about performing 70%, 80% of the time on a rolling 10-year basis. Maybe they're more in line with some of these other markets that are becoming more of a hub or more of a ecosystem. Some of these future drivers of economic growth and job growth.
Joseph Fisher: Amanda, it's Joe. Yes, when we originally put that guidance range together, we put a fairly wide range out there. At the lower end, even up to the midpoint effectively encapsulates all the known spend. So when you look at attachment 9 at $500 million. it encapsulates that spend. And then we have a number of shadow projects, if you will, that are sitting out there and that we may potentially start. But it really depends on the third quarter, fourth quarter, even into the first half of next year. So we do have a land site that we're working on in Tampa that we hope to get on the balance sheet and hopefully start within the next 12 months.  There's the densification opportunity we've talked out at Newport Village in suburban DC we've talked about, which is about $140 million project. There's the Alameda parcel that we took on the balance sheet in Northern California here subsequent to quarter end. So we have a number of other projects that we're just working on timing and hopefully get started, but brought down the top end of the range slightly.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Maybe two things on that. On Attachment 9, that current pipeline, just in terms of costs being locked in, we've already bought out all the lumber that we need for the next 18 months for these projects. So we do not have the risk associated with these. So in terms of cost estimates, cost overrun risk, we see that as de minimis for the existing pipeline.  So the bubble in lumber prices that we see today, it really factors into the forward underwriting and future starts, which, as I mentioned, we probably not start another project for another 2, 3 or 4 quarters here at this point. As it relates to the yields that we're underwriting, we have not adjusted from what we've talked about historically, which is in high 5s, low 6s type of stabilized yield. Most of the projects that we look at are somewhere in the 5.5 range on an untrended basis. And when we say untrended, we're talking about current market rents as we look at the current NOI stream off of that asset relative to a trended cost.  So we look at the forward cost at which point in time, we would start and deliver that asset. So the untrendeds we look at are 5.5%. Over time, of course, we expect rents to grow and catch up to that cost and grow to a 6% stabilized.
Joseph Fisher: I want to point out, Alex. That $15 million to $20 million that we always talk about is related just to the base portfolio that we had back in 2018. Obviously, we've continued to add assets. So the true benefit is above and beyond that amount. But that really gets reflected in the upside that we talked about on new acquisitions in terms of the 10%-plus upside that's reflected in those as well. So there is even more upside from the platform than what we typically quantify.
Joseph Fisher: Alex, just really briefly. Obviously, regulatory is one of the qualitative factors we incorporate into the [indiscernible] process. So New York and some of these other coastal markets don't necessarily screen well on that factor. But May on a multitude of other factors, both quant and qual. But at the end of the day, are we going to sell-out of those markets? No. We want to maintain the diversification. We're not going to run away from just one negative factor when there's still a lot of positives to look to in these markets.  So I think that's one of the keys of diversification. Ability to insulate from the ups and downs that come with each market. And I think you also got to remember the second derivative impact of this. To the extent that it scares away capital from certain markets such as this and new supply and the affordability that comes with that, clearly, supply -- or capital will find a home somewhere else. And you may have supply pop up in the Sun Belt markets as we've seen with the permit data. So it's not a one-to-one relationship of regulatory is bad, therefore, don't invest.
Joseph Fisher: Correct. Okay. And we take a look at all those markets. We actually do a subset within [indiscernible] of New York, Jersey and Connecticut. But speaking of New York broadly.
Joseph Fisher: Haendel, it's Joe. I think also embedded in your question, just on the pricing power risk related to Sun Belt, as you potentially see migration back. I know early in the cycle is kind of topic de jure that everyone was going to result in a mass exodus out of the urban coastal cities. I think there's been enough research now at this point done that proves that didn't really take place. A lot of those individuals simply moved to home, stayed within the markets, moved out to the suburbs. So I'm not sure there's a risk to the Sun Belt in terms of reversion trade. I think the Sun Belt performance relative to the coastal was really driven by a different way of operating. Meaning you keep those states and cities reopen, keeping individuals employed, which I think as long as that continues, which it looks like it will, those will continue to maintain pricing power.  At the same time, it kind of gives us the game plan for what's going to take place in the coast that we're seeing today, reopen, we're going to get the demand. We're going to get the pricing power and rents and occupancy will come surging back and have near-term outperformance.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think if you look at some of our actions over the last year or so, kind of gives you a sense for what price screen is a little bit higher within our quant and qual process. So seen us adding to DC, so be it Northern Virginia, Suburban Maryland, Baltimore continues to screen well, Philly screens well. You go down to Tampa, where we've added a number of assets, and that market has been absolutely on fire for us.  So it kind of gives you a sense for what screens well. But it really does come down to deal specific given the competitive advantages we have, and the ability to pick up that extra 10%. We'll look at a deal in any market. There is the ability to outperform market average, no matter where we go. So I don't want that to get lost, but we're only going to myopically focus on 5 of our 20 markets. The team here is always looking across the entire portfolio for opportunities to create value. So I don't see that dissipating anytime soon.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I mean, when we do our underwriting comparisons, typically, we'll utilize a baseline 3% and in terms of forward market growth, independent of which market it is. And then we'll do a gradient that looks at the best and worst markets for where we think it could outperform and underperform just to scenario analyze those numbers. So the IRR differentials primarily come in through your ingoing cap rate in that analysis, given similar long-term growth profiles that we assume when we do the IRR math. So you're really talking about selling at a 4.25%, and then you saw 3% growth on there and get around the 7% IRR or you go and buy a 4.5% outsized growth for the first 3 years, getting up into the 5.5 range and then steady growth from that point forward.  So you're definitely picking up, call it, 50 to 100 basis points on IRR spreads between the buys and the sells.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think when you look at those, we've talked historically about our ability to bifurcate and work with the equity partner on what may fit their expectations of desire is best. So we're pretty flexible on our program in terms of going 100% fixed rate at a higher coupon or doing a lower fixed, but more of a back end. I'd say, as you look at the deals today, call it, 80-plus percent of that business, as back end participation, which we are excited about given cycle location coming early in the cycle. That should have more back-end participation. The economics overall, I think, are reflective of some of the difficulties Harry talked about earlier in terms of LP capital as well as financing. We're typically underwriting the 13%, 14% IRRs on those versus 11% or 12% pre COVID was our typical deal. And then the optionality, the way we structure these in terms of the timing for a capital event, the ability to have back end participation. Things gives us a lot of optionality down the road on each of these assets as they get through their development and do some process and come up towards maturity.  Ultimately, we'd like to own a handful of these, and it gives us a chance to get to know them a little bit better.
