Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Year-over-year, second quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth were 3.9% and 4.2%, respectively. After including pro rata same-store JV communities which are heavily weighted towards urban A+ product, revenue and NOI growth was 3.6% and 4.2%, respectively. In total, 2017 is progressing a little better than expected.  During the quarter, our operating strategy focused on, one, pivoting to capture an increased number of higher rate growth renewals; two, maintain portfolio occupancy in the high 96% range; and three, continuing to capitalize on our long-lived broad-based operating initiatives. We were successful in these endeavors as demonstrated by the following. Quarterly renewal growth remained strong at 5% and our corporate level renewals team, coupled with improved reputation management, helped to drive quarterly and year-to-date annualized turnover, down by 180 and 130 basis points, respectively. Second quarter same-store occupancy of 96.8% increased by 10 basis points on a sequential basis and by 40 basis points year-over-year and our operating initiatives contributed significantly to our year-over-year quarterly same-store NOI growth.  Other income which makes up almost 10% of our total revenue, grew by 9% in the quarter, fueled primarily by our parking and shorter term furnished rental initiatives. These two multiyear initiatives contributed over half of our other income growth and should continue to grow at rates in excess of our unexpected rent growth for the next couple of years.  These continued successes allowed us to modestly increase full year 2017 same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance despite recent market rent growth flattening out a bit earlier than initially forecast. Importantly, overall leasing trends in 2017 have stabilized versus 2016, as evidenced by a 25% year-over-year decline in our concession and gift cards spend during the quarter. Moving forward, we expect that our results will continue to compare favorably versus the market and peers.  Next, similar to years passed, we see minimal pressure from move-outs to home purchase or affordability which totaled 13% and 6%, respectively, during second quarter. Likewise, net bad debt remains low and at levels consistent with previous quarters.  On to expenses. We continue to feel pressure from real estate tax increases and personnel costs. You may remember that we were impacted by a large upward adjustment in taxes paid at our channel at Mission Bay property in San Francisco during the second quarter of 2016, a portion of which reversed in the third quarter of 2016. This drove the relatively low 4% year-over-year growth in real estate tax as we realized during the second quarter of this year. We continue to expect that full year real estate taxes will grow by high single digits. On the personnel front, wage pressures continue to intensify, as does demand for our people. We're actively combating the impact of these forces by additional technological and corporate level solutions that yield greater productivity at our communities. On to a brief market update. First, Seattle, San Francisco and the Monterey Peninsula continue to outperform versus initial 2017 expectations. Most of these markets will feel the impact of new supply throughout 2017 and potentially into 2018, but demand remains resilient.  Next, Washington, D.C. and Orange County are generating results marginally below initial expectations, although still within original ranges. Weaker job growth and concentrated apartment deliveries are restraining new lease rates to a degree. Our 2017 revenue growth in these markets is still forecast to be good, but not quite as strong as what we had forecast coming into the year. Our remaining markets are generally in line with expectations.  Next, our development lease-ups continue to perform well as the concessionary environment has rationalized somewhat in 2017. In aggregate, our pipeline is generating lease rates and leasing velocities above original expectations. Community-specific quarter end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement.  Last, summing it up, second quarter was a good quarter as our operating platform and diversified portfolio continued to drive strong results in our modest increase in same-store guidance. We remain highly confident in our ability to execute through the remainder of 2017. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. I'll take that up. When you look at the 2-year plan, none of the drivers in our assumptions for the cumulative 2-year period have really changed. And I would say just right now, it's probably too early to talk about 2018.
Jerry Davis: I was going to say the slippage, we definitely need to see a little bit of slippage from first half into second half. As we entered the year, we saw about 55% of deliveries were going to be first half and today, it looks like it was about 44%. Now take into account there's typical slippage at all times, so you could see a little bit of that slippage slide a little bit, as you stated, from the back half of '17 and to early '18.
Jerry Davis: Sure. A big part of that was, when you look at it, rents, obviously, each of the successive quarters that build up your revenue growth has been going down in New York. So it's a drop-off that we expected to see, somewhat was on the fee side. We continue to have good occupancy in New York, as you can see in the supplement. But it is down a bit from first quarter. We were running very hot in the first quarter of '17 at 98% and the second quarter's 97.3%, so we lost about 70 basis points there. The rest of it was pretty much on, again, the buildup of the rents. Our expectation, we've said this in the first quarter, that we didn't expect to see New York continue to put up 4% revenue growth as it did in the first quarter. That's an easier comp. Our expectation was it would be somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. We're still comfortable with that as the -- for the full year. And as talking about the Copper building which is right next to View 34, it is in lease-up. They've begun leasing some of the higher floored units which are more expensive. And when I talk to my team in the field, they continue to say they're not feeling much of an impact from the Copper building right now just because the average price per unit for the rents is quite a bit higher. I'm sorry, the floor plan, Nick, is very different. Copper building has quite a few smaller units. Our building has predominantly larger units that are more conducive to multiple roommates.
Jerry Davis: Yes. View 34 is offering modest concessions right now. And when I look at the Copper building, I think right now, they're just offering about a month free. So it's not too excessive right now.
Jerry Davis: The low end, I guess, is the potential scenario, but we think it's very unlikely. Right now, when you think about how do you get to the midpoint just to start with. Midpoint would assume the second half would come in at about a 3. We don't expect to have an occupancy pickup in the second half of the year. During the first half of the year, we had occupancy contribution of about 40 to 50 basis points. With some of that shift of supply that we were just talking about going from the first half to the second half, if you start to see some of the irrational pricing, similar to what we saw last year in places like San Francisco, New York and L.A, it could put significant pricing pressure potentially on us. We don't see that happening right now, but if it did, we think that, that could push us down pretty close to that midpoint. As I look at concession levels today, though, in most of my major markets, whether it's New York, D.C., Seattle, San Francisco or Southern California, there's very few markets today that we're seeing concessions levels up around 2 months. The only ones we see today, a little bit in Brooklyn where we're not directly competing, but we get a little ancillary competition, the ballpark area of D.C. has seen anywhere from 1 to 2 months free. Then really the only other 2 places we're seeing get up to 2 months in some locations is Santa Clara. There's a couple lease-ups there providing that large of a concession as well as that platinum triangle area of Anaheim.
Jerry Davis: I have to go backtrack, we're still comfortable at the beginning of the year, we thought it was going to be high 3s. Today, we'd see it down closer to 3-ish, may be a plus or minus. So it's sliding a bit. Some of that is because of the heavy supply that's hit in 2Q and 3Q. There's a couple of submarkets that are getting hit. Predominantly the ballpark, we're feeling a little bit not much out in Tyson's Corner. But yes, when we look at which markets have probably come in a little worse than we anticipated this year, you have DC as well as Orange County. We have discussed that back in NAREIT. But I would tell you, overall, this year's coming in right about where we expected, maybe a little bit better because you get those offset by Northern California and Seattle and then the remainder of the markets are pretty much coming in as expected. So yes, D.C. is one that we're feeling a little bit of pressure in right now predominantly because of the supply, a little bit because of the jobs, but we think it's more supply. And we're hopeful it's a little concentrated right now. But we're still not seeing really crazy levels of concessions like we saw in some places last year.
Jerry Davis: I can tell you there's -- you have external factors that affect supply which you described. When you have heavy new development in your submarkets and they're offering 2 months free, that's enough to entice those people to move. And when you look at the comparison to last year, the 3 or 4 markets that we see the most marked decline, if you will and turnover are San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York City which were the ones where we saw the most irrational pricing last year. So yes, if you do see heavy new supply come at you and you have heavy concessions, that's typically enough to make people jump. That shift heavy supply with 1 month free which is what typically people are offering. The burden of moving typically doesn't get you there. But I would tell you, there's two other things that I think we focused on to help drive down that turnover. One, we're paying a lot of attention to call it reputation management and resident polling of any issues they're having and then we're taking action to remedy the solution. So I think we're doing a good job there. Secondly, we implemented an inside renewal team here in our office about eight months ago and to date this year, we feel like we've saved an incremental 200 move-outs that would have occurred if we didn't have this team and that's helped buoy up our occupancy and helped drive down some of this turnover.
Jerry Davis: I think part of it last year, I think people were very concerned with significant interest rate increases and they're trying to lock in their financing. I think that you've seen a little bit more of an elongation of the delivery period so much at one time. So while it's putting some pricing pressure on most of the stabilized new leases, it's not extensive to the degree it was last year. So I think it's a little bit less of both of those things.
Jerry Davis: I don't have that number on me. It's -- I think when I looked at it a while back, it was in probably the 60 to 90 basis points. And I'll tell you this too, it's not a onetime thing. We're a company of innovation. We're consistently coming off of that next new thing that will continue to drive outsized other income growth. So I don't want anyone to think that it -- this year and then it drops off. I think we've got things in the works today, whether it's increasing the penetration on a lot of these things we rolled out this year or it's on new things we'll roll out next year that make this a sustainable driver of our income.
Jerry Davis: It's probably early to give a number on that. I think it's still going to be a significant portion that's going to grow that line item, if you will. Other income which grew at about 9% this quarter, I think it was up about 12% in the first quarter. Compare that to where rents are growing and call it within somewhere in the 3% to 4% range on a blended basis. Now I'm comfortable to say that other income is going to continue to grow at a much higher rate than rents.
Jerry Davis: It's fairly consistent, Rob. You got some markets are doing a little bit better. I will tell you, our -- two of our larger concentrated markets, one is that Logan Circle, U Street area, we had revenue growth there of 2.6%. It was a little below average but when you go over to Columbia Pike out in Arlington, you've got revenue growth that was 6.5%. So that was by far our strongest. I think that was predominantly, it was going off an easy comp last year when it was hit with new supply. You got a couple of submarkets for us of that are suffering. It's Silver Spring is being affected by new supply right now. When you get out further into areas like Dallas. There's some new supply. But I guess, we had to say where's the area that's the most impacted right now, whether it's because it's in the same exact submarket or not, Washington, D.C. is doing worse than Virginia. And then I would say our Maryland properties which are either up in College Park or mostly in Silver Spring are doing worse than D.C. right now.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I'll tell you, Rob, for the last couple of years and we've stated this. We've been spending about $40 million a year consistently on those smaller scope items. Those are either kitchen and baths, smaller amenity upgrades, things like that. And that $40 million this year, we're actually realizing a cash-on-cash return of about 21% and the IRRs are coming in at about 12%, so well above our whack. About 40% of those are kitchen and bath and the rest of them are either inside the units, things like flooring or just appliance replacements or it's things like converting old theater rooms into conference rooms, making rooftops more inviting, creating dog parks or throwing amenities into courtyards. So there's stuff like that, but we think for the next several years, there's the opportunity to continue to spend about $40 million. We don't want to ever get to the point where we make it too big of a program. We like the consistency. When you get to the larger renovations, the larger renovations, just to let you know, we typically underwrite those that are cash on cash, something a little between 8% and 9% return. You're looking for under, I guess, assets that you are -- B assets, things like that in A locations that you can do some improvement to. And we've got a few. We do not have an extensive inventory of properties to go these -- do these renovations on, but we probably got a couple in D.C. that when the time is right, we can take a look at.  We may have one up in Boston. We have a couple out in California. Maybe 1 or 2 in Seattle. But it's a handful. It's not a super extensive list and I'll tell you, we're not going to go spend the money unless we can get the return and we're not going to go do it unless it's a location that we think there's at least a potential for some cap rate movement.
Jerry Davis: I think if you had good investment opportunities, you would find a way to, I guess, allocate the capital appropriately. And I will tell you this, we're not -- just like we were not going to aggressively underwrite development, we're not going to aggressively underwrite for a redevelopment just to find a place to go spend some capital. If we don't believe in the project, I don't see us spending the money on it.
Jerry Davis: No, I think you're right. We look at assets like that if we can't pencil a renovation. And it's a B asset in an A location or especially more frequently the B in the B that you can underwrite and if it's not just viable to spend the CapEx, then yes, I think it can work its way onto our disposition list.
Jerry Davis: I think we really don't give quarterly same-store guidance, but I think, again, if you were going to just do the basic math of how do you get to the midpoint, it would probably infer that it's going to come down from the 3.9%.
Jerry Davis: I think we've had the assumption for a while that, that's going to happen. We're seeing a little bit of it, but still today, Rich, when you look at where we're feeling the biggest impact of new supply, it's typically in those reports, whether it's a place. But sometimes, you'll have the outskirt locations, I'll give you an example, Dallas. Uptown is still extremely being hit by new supply, but so is that Frisco Legacy Village. We're feeling it up there, too. So it can move a bit. But today, it still feels like it's more urban. So I don't think it's fully gotten in and hitting the suburban product. But yes, I think our expectation, I'll throw it over to Harry to see if he's looking at land and talking to guys if he think it's moving out, but our expectation would be that probably will be the next step.
Jerry Davis: I don't think so. I think Seattle has the ability to have starts and stops. When you looked at the first quarter, I know our blended rate growth was a bit on the low side then it accelerated. Today, when you look at what we put out in the second quarter, we have blended rate growth of 6.3%. So sometimes it's just the comp versus the prior year, but we did start the year very good. But I don't think it's anything to be overly concerned about. A lot of our product is in the Bellevue area and Bellevue is getting a little bit of supply coming out today but nothing extraordinary that's being absorbed well. Our Bellevue properties had revenue growth of 6%, 6.5% I believe during the quarter and you got a lot of job growth that continues to either come into Bellevue, come into downtown, job growth kind of happening now in Redmond. So I'm still not overly concerned, but you do have to keep an eye on the levels of supply that continue to come at Seattle. And for the last 3 years or so, it's been heavy, but it's been absorbed well. Today, I'm not concerned. But as you know, we keep our eyes on anything that's showing that much supply coming.
Jerry Davis: All right. I'll give you the rent trends on the new site because renewals has stayed fairly static, call it in that 4.9% to 5% range for the last several months and we expect that to continue, at least into the near term. You look at 2Q, new lease rates on an effective basis were up 2.2%. That's what's in the supplement and it progressed up from 2% in April and it was 2.3% in both May and June. At this time and July is not fully done, we would expect to July to come in the mid- to high 1s. I would tell you, when we look back 4 of the past 5 years, new lease rate growth has experienced a similar seasonal decline from 2Q to 3Q. In fact, when you look back 6 of the last 7 years, we've actually seen July come in a bit lower than June. So what we're seeing today is fairly typical. This year, the slowdown appears to be coming a little bit earlier, but that's kind of where they stand right now.
Jerry Davis: I don't know if I said New York was necessarily stronger than expected. New York is one of the markets that's coming in about as expected. In our first quarter, we had very strong growth at 4% that decelerated to a more normalized growth rate for right now. It was 2.2%. Our expectation is it's going to continue to be in the -- somewhere in the 2s. But when you look at the submarkets we're in, we're really in about 3 or 4 submarkets. The Financial District during the quarter have revenue growth of about 2.4%, Chelsea came in at about 2.7%. Murray Hill property came in just below 2% and then the one property that's not in our same store is our Met JV property. It's on the Upper West Side and that one came in at slightly negative because it's competing most directly against the new supply of Midtown West.
Jerry Davis: Yes. Occupancy, today, is 96.7% or so in our expectation. Last year, we ran the second half high 96s, call it, 96.7% to 96.8%, but it's going to be -- right now, what we're looking at is probably no uptick in occupancy compared to last year. Whereas in the first half of the year because of -- we ran the first half of 2016 in the mid-96s, we ran the first half of this year high 96s, we had an uplift this year on the occupancy side in the first half. And just one thing I was going to add. Even though occupancy's going be there, the one thing we do see happening as the year progresses is that blended lease rate growth will compress to a comparable level to what it was at the same time last year. So it has continued to get closer each of the subsequent 3 quarters or so. We continue to see that happening throughout the year.
Jerry Davis: I'd say I don't specifically track it. It's not one of the main metrics I'm looking at. I can tell you I would look at cosigners more intently if I was looking at bad debt, but bad debt is stable over the last couple of years at roughly 0.1% of potential rents. But I couldn't tell you right now it's increased or decreased.
Jerry Davis: I think the high end is definitely reachable. I think if you see the lack of pressure on new lease rates which right now, we would say is most likely to come from that types of irrational pricing, there's the potential definitely that you could get there. But things have to break right in a multitude of ways. But right now, we're comfortable with the midpoint maybe for the...
Joseph Fisher: John, this is Joe. No, there really hasn't been -- I think commensurate with commentary last quarter and what you've heard from peers, the development front, the fact that construction costs have continued to increase, labor has been difficult, construction financing market's difficult and land hasn't certainly reprised at this point. So that our underwriting has adjusted to that reality. I think it's still a little bit difficult to make things penciled. We still have a desire to maintain the development pipeline and to go out there and find land parcels, but it's not as easy as it sounds perhaps. So there's still a desire in the capital allocation front to find parcels, keep the development pipeline where it is, although it's naturally going to drift down, if you look at our completion schedule. And similarly, on the DCP, you can see we had some good success there in the quarter of deploying additional capital into that program, both with Wolff on the West Coast development JV as well as a couple of new structures with other partners. So we still have interest there, still taking a look at additional investments on that front. So there really hasn't been much of a shift at this point in time on capital allocation.
Joseph Fisher: Rich, it's Joe. Maybe a couple of things on that. If you go back to when we first put out the outlook and talked about our job expectations, while we were positively biased on what Trump may or may not accomplish, we did not actually factor that in. So when we're talking about demand slippage, I think it's demand slippage versus perhaps lofty expectations but not expectations that we had worked into our forecast. In fact, if we look at what we're seeing in terms of demand today, job growth and wage growth for us and UDR markets across the board are coming in well above national averages. The quality of jobs continues to improve. When you look at kind of changes overall. It's a mixed bag, but generally, we've had a few markets coming better, a few coming worst. But overall, a little bit better than our initial expectations.  So I wouldn't say that we've seen job slippage versus our original expectations. To your point though, I can see where you're going with that. But yes, if, in fact, we do eventually get some type of tax reform or deregulation, it is probably only incremental to the demand picture. But at this point, we're not underwriting it. We didn't factor that into our initial 1 or 2-year forecast. So it's kind of gravy on top of that if, in fact, it comes to fruition.
Joseph Fisher: Drew, so the increase that we saw in JV really have a couple of things taking place there. One has to do with the assets that we've talked about that were in the market and the timing of those potential dispositions or acquisitions as they remain in equity and earnings. So 8th & R, Katella, Steele Creek and the timing of those, maybe a little bit later this quarter than originally expected. The other piece of it, if you look in our guidance page, you can see that our Developer Capital Program in terms of the deployment of capital there, that range of $50 million to $100 million now factors in the 3 additional deals that we saw in the second quarter, so a little bit more capital deployment on that front which is going to flow through the JV side. And then I'll kick it to Harry, who can just comment quickly on kind of where Verve yield is.
Joseph Fisher: Rich, this is Joe. So [indiscernible] is coming earlier just in terms of seeing the slippage, both within first half to second half and then probably second half into 2018 as well. So when we look at the slippage overall, more weighted towards the second half today, but that could change if we do see more slippage in the 2018. But I think when you kind of look at the themes, all markets by and large are seeing some slippage due to contract labor. But the ones where we're seeing it most pronounced got to go through the West Coast primarily. It's Orange County, it's L.A., San Francisco, Seattle and probably the only other market that received a meaningful slippage is going to come in Nashville. So it is more of a West Coast theme overall in terms of that slippage that's taking place.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. You mentioned one of them already. So Orange County in L.A. probably a little bit weaker than our original forecast on the demand front. I would want Austin in San Jose in there as well. To the positive, so a number of positives. Austin doing better. Nashville orlando, Seattle, even New York City is doing a little bit better than our original forecast. So we've got some ticks and ties in there. But overall, as I mentioned earlier, job growth doing a little bit better than expected and continue to see job growth and wage growth in our markets doing much better than the national average.
Harry Alcock: Rich, it's Harry. On the investments side, I wouldn't be surprised. I mean, we're actively looking at -- in a number of our traditional sort of large East Coast and West Coast markets. But in addition, we've expanded sort of our investment reach to include other markets that we currently operate in, including Portland, Austin, Nashville and Denver. Some of those will be suburban-type assets as we look to deploy capital, either in the Developer Capital Program. And in fact, a couple of the deals that we closed this quarter were in more suburban locations, if you look at Portland in particular. But also as we look for land sites to back fill our development pipeline, we're looking in sort of those first-ring suburbs outside of the urban core just simply because with relative -- with continued rising construction costs and relatively flat revenue growth for the next year in the urban core given the amount of new supply, the suburban-ish type markets may pencil better for us.
Harry Alcock: We look at -- just like anyone else underwriting deals, we look at in-place plus an expectation as to how revenue growth is going to trend. So we take all that into account as we look at these investment activities.
Harry Alcock: Yes. Verve is -- we're 80-plus percent leased at this point. We expect the yield deal to come in at about 6.1% return on cost. Properties right on the El Camino, it suits up very well and that's in the JV with MetLife.
