Jerry A. Davis: Sure. This is Jerry. We are seeing reasons for turnout. They are pretty consistent with what they have been. Move outs to home purchase is up about 100 basis points from where it’s been running at about 13%, and the markets you are really seeing that in for the most part are the locations like Austin, Nashville, Richmond, the Inland Empire and one surprising one where we are seeing an increased move out to home purchases in Boston. Most of our West Coast markets, with the exception of San Diego, are still seeing move out to home purchase under 10%. So, West Coast affordability is still difficult for most of our renters. And when you look at move outs to rent increase, it's been growing each of the last probably five quarters and today it stands at about 8%. One area that we have seen a slight reduction year-over-year in move out reasons is money issues, which is skips evictions, lost jobs things like that. And markets where we’re seeing an increase in front over to the first six months, they are predominantly in the West Coast markets where we’ve had quite a bit of pricing power. And -- So, we've been increasing people over the last two to three years and those happen to be the markets where three years ago our peak to trough rents dropped the most, so your B renter was able to move into an A property or your C renter was able to move into a B, and now we’ve escalated rents to a level where they’ve gone back to where that was before.
Jerry A. Davis: No, I think year-over-year turnover for the year is probably going to be three to four basis points over what it was last year, which will put us in that probably 55% to 56% for the year. Third quarter historically is our highest turnover quarter. So it usually gets north of 60 on an annualized basis, but then it comes down significantly as you get into the fourth quarter.
Jerry A. Davis: Well the market started talking about the South Eastern markets, and we are talking about three major cities that are Nashville, Tampa, Orlando, I think they had same-store NOI growth of about 9%, interest rates are low there continue to be investor interest. So to the extent, we do decided to sell those markets in the future. We expect that to be very liquid markets. There are a couple of markets that we would expect to probably sell in the short-term. We are done for the year given for a variety of reasons, but as we look into the relatively near-term, there are a couple of markets that we probably look to exit that might be to $200 million to $400 million in total.
Jerry A. Davis: Yeah. I would say that's what I am expecting for third quarter. I think when you get to fourth quarter, if history repeats the way it has the last two to three years you will see the new lease rate growth decelerate down to the 2% range. I think the renewals do tend to stay fairly strong that this year our expectation is to back down a hair on the renewal increases probably starting in October. So, instead of being in that 6, 6.5 range I think we are going to get down more in line into the 5.5 because last year we saw our occupancy in 4Q dropped to 95.1. Our preference is to keep occupancy north of 95.5. But this is pretty normal seasonality, but yeah the midpoint of the guidance is 5.5, that's where we are at right now. I continue to see strength in most of our markets and very little deceleration.
Jerry A. Davis: I would agree. There is very little supply coming into those markets. When you look at the long-term average, for example, when Nashville is to add almost 2% of supply a year and over the next year it’s only going to add about 1.4%, and you look at that same metric in Tampa. Tampa usually adds almost 2%, it's looking like they’ll add 1.2%. And then Orlando typically adds just under 3% a year, and it’s only going to add 1.2%. So, very little new supply and I would say, in addition to what Tom said, in those markets we do have no exceptional management teams that probably outperform the market in general.
Jerry A. Davis: Well I think that the scenario that would cause us to buy something would be finding the right asset and having the ability to capitalize that appropriately. So I think, look -- we are continually in the market looking at better deals like everyone else. We simply haven't found anything of size that we’re comfortable with pricing or have been able to make a deal with the seller. In fact we brought a couple land parcels. We have got a couple smaller deals now that are really contiguous to existing properties so we can sort of obtain that at operating efficiency. But if you think about it, we haven’t bought anything of size for several quarters, Columbus; we made that deal on the fourth quarter last year, closed in the first quarter this year. So we’re continually out there looking, we just simply haven't found deals between these off-market deals that we like to look at and we just simply haven’t been able to strike a deal with the seller.
Jerry A. Davis: As of right now, 26% of our NOI is in non-same-store. By year-end non-same-store will be 15%. I don't have handy exactly what it will be in one quarter, but we can look that up and get back to you.
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Loss to lease at the end of the quarter, Mike, was 4.9%. That's down from the same time last year when it was I think high fives. So it's still maintaining at a good level and if you look at that blend really between my new leases and my renewals, it blends into that mid-fives range. So we feel good about that. D.C. for the remainder of year, we were, I guess little pleasantly surprised that we saw our year-over-year growth actually accelerate in second quarter versus first because a couple of our properties in Arlington had lease-ups that completed earlier in the first quarter so we didn't have that stress on us. There is a lot of new supply coming as you know in D.C. over the next 12 to 14 months. I think for the remainder of this year we'll stay probably in that 4% revenue growth range and I think we are going to be stressed a little bit as we get into 2013 in D.C. I don't think it's going to go negative, but my guess is that revenue growth will probably be about half of what it was this year.
Jerry A. Davis: We have tried so hard to figure out the best way to communicate that and we had difficulty going back to last year because in many cases we either didn't own the asset or so we don't have reliable financial data or it was – it wasn't mature yet and stabilized. So the metric we’ve really try to use more to show is performance versus our same-store is to look at sequential data because it was typically stabilized in 1Q. When you look at that, our non-same-stores that were stabilized in 1Q were growing revenues at 3.6% and our same-store was going at two. So it’s almost double the rate.
Jerry A. Davis: Yeah. It typically runs for us at about 0.4% of potential rents and that’s a long-term average. Last year in the quarter, I think it spiked up to 0.5%, maybe 0.6%, but we don’t see that growing anymore. It’s staying fairly stable and it’s really sub-market driven and it hits as much harder at our lower rent markets than those tertiary areas.
Jerry A. Davis: I don’t think so, you are right, it’s harder to get those guys out in places like New York, Boston and the West Coast. But I think as you go to a higher-end resident profile, they don’t live as much paycheck-to-paycheck. So your better quality resident offset the more difficulty with the court systems.
Jerry A. Davis: I would add Alex, there is probably two, maybe three assets in that Met I that completed lease up mid way to late last year with heavy concessions. So as you continue to have that concession burn off, that should garner some benefit over the next 12 months.
Jerry A. Davis: We do. It’s right around 4% and it’s stayed fairly consistent. We don’t see many people moving out to rent homes.
Thomas W. Toomey: I think we are in line with our peer group and our intent is to stay in line with the peer group and any activity undertaken in the future will be to continue to be in line with the peers. So I don't think you’ll see us make dramatic moves one way or another the natural growth of the cash flow of the enterprise will help. In addition as we refinance maturing debt will help, but we are comfortable continuing to be in line with the peer group.
Thomas W. Toomey: Eric, this is Tom and then I’ll ask Jerry to comment as well. My view, over the long period time, you look at those markets and they are bouncing off the bottom. In case of Florida, it was five years of down trending on rent and NOI growth and now it’s coming back up and it probably has a good two to three year run in it. But in that time frame development pipelines will start to rebuild rapidly and will represent a threat to the long-term value of those assets. And so for us, I think, we’re going to ride the cash flow up and then we'll look at it, and ask ourselves when are they are going to get threatened by supply or any other economic downturn that may occur there, and we’ll timeout our exit and repositioning of those dollars accordingly.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yeah. This is Tom. I think they're going to continue to always look at what we can do with the Norfolk portfolio, the Sacramento portfolio. I mean we feel like we have assets there that are generating decent cash flows, but its tough when you have a boat go out and it takes – drops your occupancy from 97% to 90%. And that volatility to sustain cash flow growth and pricing power is awful hard to continue in that market. I think Jerry and his team done a great job of operating them. So we will see what they fetch in price and then if they don't, we are glad to run them and continue to generate the cash flow off of them.
Thomas W. Toomey: David, what I would add is, our view of an ideal transaction would probably be something that is first off market adjacent to or very close to our existing communities where we have some operating efficiency that has a redevelopment potential, something we can look at over time horizon and have a very high comfort that both, we can grow NAV through one of our three metrics and drivers, which would be either ground-up development, the operating platform, or the redevelopment platform. And we are not going to find that in trying to win an option for Class A urban asset where a dozen people show up. And so hence we see them, but we were not overly engaged by them and don’t see the upside for us or our shareholders in doing so. So I think we'll stay more focused in the off market and it’s probably a quiet period, we anticipated it being a little bit more quiet. I think we’ll be intrigued at what happens in the pending tax code and rate structure and if that triggers a selling window. But mostly the assets we’re looking for aren’t really going to be in that caliber. So I think you'll see a lot Bs come to the market, probably not stuff we are going to look at unless we really think it’s well located and got to rehab. So I would expect us to be pretty quiet for the balance of the year on the acquisition front and we’ll look at it from their next year and see how the market evolves.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, I think for us when we look at the size and scope of the development pipeline, we look at the triangulation of our skill set, our capital structure, our debt maturities and maintaining financial flexibility and leverage of the enterprise. And so those will probably be the governor of how big of a development pipeline we’ll get. The second, we’ve of targeted initially at this space in the company at about $0.5 billion of annual delivery. We think that’s prudent. On the specific market, we’re certainly going to weigh what the supply threat looks like, but as a long-term value creator, long-term holder, you can’t get swayed by what the next six months pipeline or year pipeline looks at. You have to look over the long period of time and then I think we’ll just weigh through that factual discipline in determining where and when and how much our development shapes.  And I’ll just remind just remind, I think one thing that does go unsaid very often is the redevelopment efforts that we undertake and the value creation in those. And you’ve visited a number of our redevelopment efforts and you can classify them as much more than kitchen and bath. We’re actually changing both the cash flow trajectory of the asset, but also the cap rate aspect of it. And we think there's a lot of value in that and that Southern California is a perfect example of that market where we can rehab and we do not lose all the cash flow or the community. We in fact retain a lot of the existing residents at the new higher rent and that's underway right now at Rivergate in New York and we’re having a very good success there as well.
Thomas W. Toomey: It is fair to say that the entire portfolio is at about $1,500 a month in rent. And so we just kind of gravitate. If we don’t do anything, it kind of rolls itself into and you’ve got to be probably as you said over the next four quarters.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, certainly, Paula. We’ve engaged a search firm in that and we’ve had a number of people come forth and offer themselves as candidate and we have looked at internal candidates and that process is really just beginning and we feel very comfortable with the executive group participating in that and the depth of the team and Mark Schumacher and his skills in the financial reporting area. So we feel like we can take our time and be very selective and thoughtful about the process and fell that we’ll find the right person for the company.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, we would like a guy that could finish the 4 by 100 in the pool and win the gold. I think it’s fair to say that there is a lot of characteristics we are going to look at. We are going to look at the entire attribute of the candidate, but it’s really an opportunity for us as a Company to get somebody that’s probably going to be active, engaged with the street in communication, but can go anywhere in the enterprise and make it more efficient, more profitable and culturally fit with this executive group and the Company’s culture in the field. So I think those of the attributes to start. There are a lot of qualified people out there who will fit those and we’ll just go through meticulously and get the right person for us.
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Tom. I think in our prepared remarks we’ve described on a relative number of times between 70% and 80% of the development pipeline, redevelopment, so almost $1 billion. 70% to 80% of that will be delivered in the next – by the end of 2013. So if that comes out of the pipeline we’ve got to add back into ‘14 and ‘15 deliveries. So we’ll be looking at that and again kind of stay in that confines of about 500 million of annual delivery number. So that’s what we’ll be targeting and we think we have a pipeline that probably fits that, meaning the inventory that we already controlled and are just going through the process of defining scope, product and starts. So I think we are well on the way of being able to sustain that level without having to go into the market and finding new opportunities.
Thomas W. Toomey: No. It really doesn’t – probably more of the guidance is what we’re going to spend on the existing assets that are already underway. If we find, if we’re able to finalize plans on some of the stuff that we're looking at today than obviously we will kick it into the start mode, but we’re still in a steady mode on those and scope mode and just not prepared at this time to put forth exactly what will be built because we are still trying to figure that our self.
Thomas W. Toomey: Really the only other land parcels that we have that don’t show up on the schedules are the land parcels that we own with MetLife. So there is 10 of those parcels remaining. Some of those we will develop over time. We have very small ownership interest, but in the future that could change.
Thomas W. Toomey: I would also add that, I think Jerry has done a great job of moving the vast majority – 85%, 87% of the residents pay us online at the first of the month, so we are able to identify people that are going to struggle, are the slow pay piece and years gone past and including most of the private sector, you get that drift in by the 10th or the 15th of the month before you realize you have an issue and we pretty much know it by the third to fourth day of the month who is going to be a problem and you are able to jump on it by narrowing the bandwidth and excuses. So I think you can operate in that range and that electronic payment has helped us a great deal in that area.
Thomas W. Toomey: My view is that Met JV I is still in a transition period and that we are not done working with Met on that portfolio and what it will ultimately be for UDR. So, I think, it is premature to look at it or look at it in light of catching JV too, because it’s in a state of evolution. Second aspect it is will improve as we just continue to operate the assets which are doing very well and that is very happy with as well. On KFH, I think after looking at it, adjusting for the management fee structure on that, returns will probably get better in that JV too. So, that one is probably just not a full complexion there. When you look at just the NOI, you have to really look at the fee structure that’s also added to that and those are probably above 5, 5.5 range.
Thomas W. Toomey: I think one, the commercial space there’s always the challenges that relates to the retail and getting tenants in there. The second is, we’re continuing to refine and move those rents pretty rapidly and those improve as well and lastly is just a continued effort on the expense side. So, normal operation stuff that Jerry does day in and day out, we just see a pretty good expose trajectory out of those assets. And we continue to have a dialogue with Met on a wide range of things about what to do with JV I and we’ll continue that dialogue and feel like it’s going very well.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, Rich, a lot of different embedded questions inside of that and where I would start with is, I guess every one of them was undertaken with the thought that we could grow the value of the asset and add to the overall enterprise. And so in many cases you look at New York, we look at it at a point in time and say we think these assets have embedded operating efficiency which will get us over the initial low cap rate and Jerry has delivered on that. The second phase of that is that we think they are well located for future job growth and they are generally what I call a B type portfolio quality where high propensity to rent, job growth, lack of supply is going to drive outsized cash flow growth and our operating model is basically keeping them full and at higher rents. And lastly is looking at them for redevelopment efforts and that we feel like a lot of them are well located and that we can continue to add to capital to them and incrementally get outsized returns on that incremental capital for rehab and Jerry has done very much that at Rivergate where he has turned 38 doors and he is getting an average rent increase of 25%. And many of the people who are living there are just moving to new units. So that’s the type of long-term value creation that we have looked at when we've bought assets and I think we would continue to do that.  We know it’s a very competitive landscape. We prefer buying from non-marketed, non-auctioned deals because we think we can identify those and we have a track record of successfully executing on those. So I think that’s the first aspect of growing the enterprise. We’re not intent on a site as much as we are intent on an NAV creation model and things getting in that and the big part of NAV creation is, what’s your cost of capital and are you adding to it, are you destroying it? And so in our like view we think we've been adding to it. It takes time sometimes to deliver on that and we appreciate people’s patience and willing to go look at the assets and see and walk them with us and I think you've done it a number of times and you can see what we're doing and you look at it and say, yes, you are executing on what you told us you would do and we’ll continue to do that. We want to be very transparent and very clear to our shareholders that we intend to grow NAV and that we have a team that can do that and we’re going to continue to garner opportunities. We don't know what size and scope they are going to bring, but we’ll be disciplined about it.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yeah, I’ll let Harry add to it, but certainly it’s a fair question and we think of what are the potential outcomes of economic downturn and will we slide into a recession which looks like a higher probability every day. And our view is that multi-family has done very well in a recessionary environment. And if you look through the number of recessions I’ve been through, multi-family holds up better than any other asset class and we think that will be true again in this next recession that will come. So you can’t necessarily look and try to time it and say, gosh, we think ‘13 is going to be this way and ‘14. We tend to take a longer term view and realize that in the markets that we’re in there is a higher propensity to rent, there is less likely to be supply and that job we’ve try to concentrate on it, but we’re not always going to it right. The healthcare law is going to spawn a whole new wave of job additions and growth in a number of markets and we are weighing that as well in our future. But we’re a long-term value creator and you’re not going to get it always right on timing, but if you buy right, you run it right, over long period of time we’ll do just fine.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, a very good question and give me a liberty to talk broadly about it. We talk to a number of merchant building models and for us one of the red signals is when we talk to them about are they doing one-off deals, the source of their capital, their expected returns and are they entering into programs and programs are where you have an investor who says, I’m going to do three, four, five deals with you. And what’s been no to us in the past, when people have seen rapid increases in the supply part of the equation, has been when there have been a number of programs offered up or investors having capital that can sustain that and we’re not finding that in the environment today as I'm aware of probably a dozen merchant build very skilled groups. I'm only aware of one who has a program at this time. And so investor capital is very cautious about supplying them and they are very skilled at garnering sites, entitlements and putting up things rapidly. So the second aspect of that and I think is under weighed by the space is the impact of Basel III on the capital structure of bank, and that a lot of supply comes from regionals and local banks, more so than the nationals.  And by getting – having to come into compliance with Basel III, we think it’s going to be a constraint on the construction loan side, which has a higher capital requirement, which in essence banks are going to say they want to be paid more for that and who is going to charge more in the construction financing side or constrain the amount of lending on it. So I think that those two factors are the ones that we look at and draw a little bit of comfort that the supply is not going to get out of hand. That being said, if our rents continue to grow dramatically capital will find a way to garner space and opportunity. So we feel that that is the overall landscape on our individual submarket and market overviews – we see very little threat at this point in time. All we can do is look at the same data you do and look at permit, land trade, look at who's buying it and ask our self the likeliness of how competitive that product is going to be against ours and when it’s going to come online. We can't do anything about constraining that, but we continue to monitor it and do not see it as a viable threat to the business over the next 12 to 18 months. Beyond that you are hour glassing it just like the rest of us.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yeah. I think it’s often management teams and certainly analysts try to focus on that aggregate number. We are less concerned about the aggregate because where is the 300,000 or 250,000? To us it’s how is in our submarket, directly competing to us? The fact that they are building in Houston is almost irrelevant to us because we’re practically out of Houston. So we don't pay much attention to the gross number. We aggregate and very think much on our submarket market driven numbers. And our red flag is when it gets above 1% of the submarket then we start really assessing the impact to us. But again we’re long-term, if it’s a strong submarket that we are in, 1% is not going to disrupt us that much.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, thank you all for taking the time this morning to exchange thoughts with us and we do appreciate your time. In closing, I’ll just say, in July of this year, marks the 40th year for UDR as a REIT and our 160th consecutively paid quarterly dividend and I think that’s in testament to the associates over the years, the management team and certainty a trend that we are very proud of and look forward to continuing in the future. And that concludes our call today and we wish you the best.
