Andrew Cantor: Yeah. This is Andrew Cantor. It’s good to hear your voice. Cap rates have come down probably 25 basis points to 50 basis points since last year to kind of a range of 3.5% to 4%. One of the key things is there’s little diversification between market and construction type, location and age. So we are going to continue to look for the acquisitions where we can have a competitive advantage. Like, Joe said, it’s where we can create repeatable above market NOI, so really leveraging the operating platform, focusing on the deal next door where we have visibility into the opportunities that enhance both operations and a quality of the improvement to create meaningful long-term value creation, invest in markets that are identified by our predictive analytics model, implement capital programs to enhance the community, and of course, there’s always an addition to the actual market rent growth that will vary by individual markets and is likely priced into the asset.
Andrew Cantor: This is Andrew. So we do expect to be able to deploy capital into new deals. In addition to providing developers with DCP for new developments, we have recently underwritten several opportunities to provide DCP to owners of existing communities. We do this expansion into the existing product as both an opportunity to accretively invest capital, but also to create a large pipeline of future acquisition opportunities. And I think it’s important to look back at what we have been able to achieve to-date. We have invested almost $665 million in 21 deals since 2013. Of the $371 million or 11 round trips we have achieved, our returns are 11.4%. We feel our returns on our existing pipeline, no, our existing deals will be consistent with what we achieved to-date. And going forward, we are likely to see high single digits to low double digits as we diversify our investment between existing communities and developments. Our returns will likely be adjusted as we look at both the investment in existing product, as well as development on a risk adjusted basis.
Andrew Cantor: Well, for us it’s -- we are not redlining any of the markets in particular, we are really just going back to what I discussed earlier, which is just finding the deal next door and finding where we can create efficiencies both from an operating perspective, as well as a capital perspective and leveraging the operating platform. We are still underwriting across the country in all 20 of our markets.
Tom Toomey: Yeah. So, when you look at our Corporate Responsibility Report that we put out this year and, we talked a little bit about the score of 86 and how proud we are in the efforts there and not just GRESB, but all the all around efforts. Let’s say, what you will see us committed to and what I will speak more to on a go forward basis is the commitment to science-based target initiatives on a go-forward basis. And so as we work through that process, we are going to get a lot better handle on what our longer term targets, what are the actions we are going to need to take. And so we are going to look across that in terms of prioritization by what’s the carbon footprint by assets, as well as the regulatory overlay as some of these markets have a little bit more of a regulatory constraint or a push, if you will, you are seeing a lot of Climate Act mobilization type of things, targeting net zero, taking place in states like California, Washington, New York and others. So, in terms of the dollars in returns, probably too early to say at this point, we have had a pretty active approach to it, installing more solar, more EV, things of that nature over the last five years to 10 years. But we will continue to refine that as we get into the SO -- SBTi and kind of talk it through next year with the investor base.
Tom Toomey: Yeah. I mean, in today, I mean, people are definitely are underwriting rent growth that none of us have seen, right? This is -- we are achieving rent growth at the property level that’s higher than we have seen in most of our careers. And so what’s happening is, people are no longer looking and saying, hey, this rent growth is, will catch it in market -- in our market growth, we are now looking at loss-to-lease and we are pricing assets based on the current trend of leasing moving forward, right? So, you are capturing a much greater level of NOI in that first year than you would have normally. So that’s what -- that’s where you are getting a lot of growth. So people are willing to pay a lower cap rate today, because in the short-term, right, in that first 12 months, you are going to capture a lot of that loss to lease.
Tom Toomey: Tony, very -- just a couple other things. I think as more of this inflated NOI growth is behind us, you will probably do see cap rates move up a little. But remember, you are embedded NOI is higher, so therefore values are probably also likely higher. The second thing that’s happening is replacement costs continue to move up and so if replacement costs are up 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, I mean that, that becomes sort of another metric the buyers look at when assessing an appropriate price for an asset and overall asset values. You still have a lot of positive momentum as it relates to asset values.
Tom Toomey: Excellent question. And I will tell you that it points back to retention. When we entered the year, we expected we were going out with some pretty high renewal increases and we expected we would see more move outs. Frankly, we have 300 less move outs in January and the fact that we have more people living with us. We were allowed to push our market rents even further than we ever expected. So, I think it goes back to we sent out some pretty aggressive renewals, people took them, they are not moving, starting to see a very similar trend in February. So it gives us a little bit of wind at our back if you will.
Tom Toomey: Rich, you sure you don’t want to hear a little bit more about the traffic patterns on the migration side of the equation? Mike…
Tom Toomey: … if you looked at a 4Q 2022 over 4Q 2021, so if you are picking up 10%-plus blends in the first half, a full year of 6% to 7%, your blends in the back half get into the 3% to 4% range, that really aligns with how we are thinking about market rent growth for the full year in 2022. So, a typical year, typical seasonality, what you have seen over time, so assuming back to normalcy. Although, I think as Mike talked about earlier, we are not seeing any signs of that, obviously, with shooting up 2% out of the gates, demand strong immigration trend strong. So not seeing it yet, but that’s what we put in the numbers. And so to your second point, if we do see sustainability of these current trends and market growth continues to pick up, obviously there’s a little bit of a pickup to same-store numbers this year. But the bigger pickup is going to be in terms of that lost lease in terms of mid-to-high single digits we talked about. That’s going to pick up even more and we are going to grow that earning for next year and grow same-store revenue growth for next year. So it becomes more of a next year story of second half as that strength that we are hoping for.
Tom Toomey: Sure. Juan, I always appreciate the chance to talk about a platform. So we talked about this a little bit in the past and we have been pretty successful as we look at our pretty initiatives. And that’s around that $15 million to $20 million we have identified in the near term over the next 12 months to 24 months. The majority of this is on the revenue side of the equation versus the expense. Platform 1.0 really focused on that efficiency piece. This is going after some big dollars in terms of revenue. So when you think about kind of the max potential in those big ideas, if you will, we do have call it three of them that make up almost 75% of that $100 million we are going after. And just to put it in perspective, one of the big ones is pricing and when you think about our rent roll of $1.2 billion, we think we can go after about 1% of that or about $12 million. And this goes back to some of my prepared remarks, creating more buyers for shoppers, working with surge pricing given the level of demand that we are achieving right now, the fact that we have opened up the funnel and we have more traffic coming through. So, basically utilizing our centralized teams as it relates to our sales team here, our marketing team and our pricing team and really getting more aggressive as it relates to those market rents and renewal increases. Aside from that, you have heard us talk a lot about vacant days, on average we are around 21 days. We look at how we can break this down, right? It takes seven days typically to turn a unit and then about 14 days after that. Frankly, we have markets where we can turn units in three days. So leveraging the ways that we do out there, those best practices continuing to get more efficient, we are not going to run 100% occupancy, but if you could, that’s about $40 million to $45 million in potential. So there’s a lot of opportunity and just being more efficient in the way that you drive your occupancy up versus cutting rates. And then, third, it’s really around that resident experience. Understanding our resident better, understanding our future prospects, leveraging again that $1.2 billion in our rent roll, we think we can go after 1% to 2%, so $12 million to $24 million. It allows us to be a little bit more efficient as we retain our residents, as we attract our future residents. And frankly, lets us push our market rents up, if we are able to have a much higher retention rate. So, again, this big picture, big potential items allow us to get pretty aggressive and they are more on the revenue side than the expense side.
Tom Toomey: Yeah. The rent increases expired at the end of this -- end of 2021. So, obviously, we have only had a small portion of time thus far where we could send out increases. Their eviction moratorium essentially ended at the same time, December 31st. But with that being said, there’s still plenty -- as you know there’s still plenty of transitional protections that allow people to stay in homes.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Operator. And thanks for everyone for your time and interest in UDR today. As our press and our call you -- we have outlined our current thoughts on 2022, and frankly, in my 30-plus years in this business, I have not seen a better backdrop for our business today and into the future. In particular, a couple of points of I want to make is, as Mike highlighted, we have 60%-plus of our revenue by the end of April. We will be able to look at our -- and we will have the visibility about the second half and we will look at our guidance around that timeframe and see where it tightens up to, but certainly, feels like we have a lot of momentum in our back. In a competitive landscape with a lot of great companies out there, I think, it’s -- we have positioned ourselves very well where we have the strength in the sector, in the business, but we can bring to bear all our value creation mechanisms that are all working right now whether that’s acquisitions, development, redevelopment, DCP programs to deliver value immediately, as well as long-term. And with 21 markets we can pivot to where the opportunity is greatest and we have a track record of doing so and we see that as a good game plan for 2022. And lastly, on the innovation front, we have a pipeline of great ideas that are in various stages of continuing to advance. We know that our customer, our associates and our investors will benefit from that innovation. We try to be very transparent about where we think the world is headed and what we are doing to take advantage of it, and I think, that trend will continue. So, with that, again, grateful for your time, look forward to seeing you in the coming months, and as always, if there’s anything we can do, please don’t hesitate to reach out. Take care.
Mike Lacy: Hey, Tony. Yeah. No. I appreciate the question. I think, first and foremost, it’s good to back up and just think about how 2022 was made up. And the earning we have referenced previously is around that 2.7%. And in my prepared remarks, I mentioned our blends are 10% to 11% in the first half. And basically, you have to take those two numbers, add them up, divide it by 2 and that gives you a pretty good idea of where your effective rents should be for the year. And frankly, that’s around 700 basis points of our 8.5% that we have for midpoint on a straight line basis for revenue. So that gives you an idea of how much is being made up of rents today, and again, it’s a lot of what already happened and what’s about to happen in this first half of the year. But that being said, we have received some questions regarding our loss-to-lease and kind of the 6.5% to 7.5% that we have on blends for the year, so let me just take a minute to walk you through that. First, when we originally sent out our renewals for January and February of this year, we expected more typical seasonality and that is we expected flattish sequential growth as it relates to 4Q of last year. And frankly, we saw a 200 basis point increase in market rents to start the year. So we essentially banked additional growth early 2023, assuming fundamentals remain strong. Second, the regulatory restrictions on rental rate increases have and will continue to restrict our ability to fully capture market growth in some of our markets in 2022. But assuming these restrictions sunset at some point this year, we do expect to capture that rate growth in 2023. And third, I’d tell you, as you know, we need to maximize revenue growth, not just rental growth, and as such, occupancy and retention affect our renewal calculus. For some of our markets, we already gave existing residents big pops last year, popping them with 15% to 20% rate increases again this year, especially in the Sunbelt, could cause rent growth fatigue, but time will tell, so we will see how that transpires throughout the year. And again, this just means we are going to realize most of this growth as we move into the latter half of this year and really into 2023. So, I would tell you, overall, Tony, we are expecting to capture our existing loss-to-lease and future market rent growth over the next two years, not just 2022. And to put this potential in perspective, assuming 2022 plays out like a typical year when market rents grow throughout the year, we would expect to have mid-to-high single-digit loss-to-lease moving into 2023, as well as a strong earn-in should fundamentals continue to hold up. And frankly, we will know more in the next few months, when we get on our call in April, we will be able to discuss these trends in more detail and we will have a better idea of what the back half looks like.
Mike Lacy: …I’d probably just add to it. I mean, the wall of capital chasing this asset class is off the charts. And when you go talk through people about their capital and what their leverage plans are and their sensitivity about rates, they are kind of less -- we are comfortable with a low profile on the leverage and we just -- we are underweight this asset class. We have to buy it to get back into the weighting we want and we like the long-term attributes of it, how it performs up times, down times. And so, I think, the wall of capital overcomes any interest rate environment. Assets go up next year. The NOIs, you can see from our guidance and everyone else’s. We think it’s a strong NOI window in 2022, 2023. And so, I think, asset values are going up, cap rate calculations, they are always all over the map.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Thanks for taking that up, Joe. I think that’s a really good point. When you look at our move-outs at in general, we had more former residents staying within the metro area. When you think about our portfolio, we have 77% of move-outs staying within the MSA and this compares to 78% last year. Just to give you a few markets as an example, so New York, 80% versus 80% last year, San Francisco 72% versus 77% last year and then our Sunbelt was at 82% of move-in -- move-outs staying within their MSA versus 80% last year. So, staying relatively consistent. As it relates to move-ins, what we are seeing is a little bit more of a reversal of the trends in 2020. 34% of our move-ins came from outside of the MSA and this compares to 20% the year before. And again, just to give you a little more color on some of the markets, New York, 36% of move-ins from outside the MSA versus 16% the year before, San Francisco was around 40% versus 14% the year before and then our Sunbelt was actually 40% versus 33% the year before. So, pretty promising, overall, coastal markets experienced more people move-in from outside of the MSA. So, very strong trends.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Rich, this is Mike. We -- right now we expect pretty typical seasonality and when you look at that 6.5% to 7.5% blend that we gave for the year and I gave you a 10% to 11% in the first half, that implies about a 3% to 4% growth in terms of blend in the back half. So again, it’s coming down more seasonal, and again, we think we do have the wind at our back and maybe there’s some conservatism in there. And we will see when leasing season starts to pick up and we will be able to give you a little bit more color.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. It relates to market rents. We expect again, call it, 6% to 7% for the year, that’s what we are looking at when it comes to new lease growth.
Mike Lacy: … when you think about marker ramps again it’s − we have been blend − giving the blend of that 10% to 11%, say, the new lease growth is a little bit higher than our renewals and both the front half and back half as we continue to push through the year.
Mike Lacy: It’s pretty broad-based. We are seeing kind of that convergence, if you will, across our markets. So we have seen pretty good demand as it is in the Sunbelt and we are also seeing it in our Pacific Northwest, as well as the Northeast markets.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. I didn’t mean to leave them out. I apologize for that. So Southern California is definitely a little bit stronger than Northern California today. That being said, San Francisco is the one market where we just -- we haven’t reached those pre-level pre-COVID peak rent, if you will, we are getting closer. And I will tell you right now, we are running around 97% occupancy, the concession levels are a relatively muted at this point in that 1% to 2%, our two-week range and it’s more so down in the kind of Santa Clara, San Mateo than the world, down -- so much as well as downtown, we have actually seen a little bit of a pop in demand. So, right now San Francisco feels like it’s at a sustainable level. That being said, I think we have a few more months before we start to see rents get back to those pre-COVID levels.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. When you go through it and think about 98.2%, let’s say, collected for current residents, if you reverted our bad debt back to a typical pre-COVID number, there’s 100-plus basis points to go capture there. And then when you look at what was in place in terms of renewal restrictions and caps, you probably had another 50 basis points at least in the portfolio. So I think you are looking at 100 basis points, 200 basis points benefit last year, this year. But at some point in time, we would hope to get back to a pre-COVID level and be able to capture same-store units and be able to price them per the contracts that are in place. So over time at the tailwind, we hope, but that’s kind of magnitude we are looking at.
Mike Lacy: No. It’s been good to see that plateau. It is something we watch very closely. And once it starts ticking back up, that shows you that there’s a little bit of fatigue there and we are still not seeing it. So that’s promising. As Tom alluded to, the rent to income ratios are pretty stable to where we have expected to see them over the past couple of years and we are not really seeing a big difference across our Sunbelt, as well as our coastal markets. It’s still low 20% range. So still have a lot of wind at our back, if you will.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. I think when we look back and kind of think about the overarching strategy here of diversification, be that by markets, price points, submarkets, capital sources, capital uses, it definitely seems to work when you look back at the track record of TSR relative performance or FFOA relative performance. So coming through the cycle, I think, it’s just confirmed our belief that existing strategy works. Yeah, today, we are about a third West Coast, just under a third down in the Sunbelt, just over a third on the East Coast and so we can be pretty impartial on this front. So we don’t need to make any shifts. We feel very comfortable with where we are at. So everything really ends up being on the margin and so, I mean, when you look through our predictive analytics platform, there’s some markets in the West Coast that look good to us, Inland Empire, San Diego, Orange County. You go down in the Sunbelt, we have been very active in Tampa and Dallas. Those continue to look appealing to us. On the East Coast, we have been active in the Mid-Atlantic, Philly, Suburban Boston. So we have been fairly well-diversified. We are not trying to make any major shifts. The goal here is simply continue to find assets that fit within the existing market mix, a little bit better long-term growth from the markets we are selecting and fit with the platform. So you are going to get that immediate upside in accretion. So, no shifts and no explicit targets at this point in time.
Joe Fisher: No. Rich, I think, you are thinking about it right and that’s where we have visibility today, we do see that earn-in starting to really take hold and that’s why we have those blends of 10% to 11% upwards through the second quarter. After that we start to enter our leasing season and we want to see just how that starts to play out to some degree. That being said, we do think that there’s more opportunity in the back half of this year. We just want to wait and see how that plays out.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. No. It’s a really good question. And I think the best way to do this is break it down for you. So, to your point, that 3% midpoint. But when you look at our controllable expenses, we expect between 2% to 3% and a lot of this does have to do with what we have done with the platform. For example, personnel, as we go into this year, we really expect between zero percent to 2% growth. Some of that’s based on the stuff that we already put in place and we get that benefit in the first half of this year. But that’s a big piece of it. And then R&Ms are going to start to come back down in that 4% to 5% range, much lower than what you have been seeing over the last year or two, because we have basically gone through and we have already entered into the third-party contracts with our groups. We are starting to cycle through that. So we expect a more normalized rate going forward. And then on our marketing side, we expect flat growth. So, again, controllable expenses in that 2% to 3% range compares to 2.2% in 2021 and really 1% over the last three years. So the platform has really allowed us to get pretty efficient as it comes to controllable expenses. And then on the non-controllables, which as you know makes up about 45% of our stack were between 3.5% and 4% expectations this year, compares to about 5.3% in 2021 and that’s basically made up of taxes of 4% to 5% and then our insurance in that zero percent to 5% range.
Joe Fisher: I’d say too. I mean, we have talked about this in the past. I mean, it’s been throughout the last 12 months and I think you can take a look at a couple of different things. But obviously there’s demand side when you look at what’s taking place in wages and balance sheets, those are obviously in a very positive position. When you look at demographics, the household unbundling, what’s going on with migration trends, some of those type of things. I think the relative value side when you look at single-family value proposition relative to multi. Multi is in a very good position. But when you look at migration trends just within our markets, I think, all of our markets are in pretty good demand at this point in time. So Mike have some pretty good stats for you in terms of what’s going on in New York, San Fran, Sunbelt, some of that stuff that we are seeing on new move-ins.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Rich. This is Joe. You nailed it on the head there. It’s really sold for X. Meaning that, we have got pretty strong free cash flow sitting out there, call it, $185 million or so, now there’s $235 million of equity and that really funds all of our development and redevelopment CapEx type of needs going into next year. So if we find opportunities, as Andrew Cantor talked about earlier, if the pipeline picks up and we can find accretive opportunities, at that point in time, we will pivot back to do we want dispositions? Is equity priced appropriately at that point in time? So it’s really just kind of how we see the pipeline today and stacking up and starting with zero today. But it wouldn’t be surprised if dispositions pick up as we move throughout the year.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Brad. It’s Joe. Yeah. I am going to step back a little bit because you did highlight the DCP guidance and the net source of capital that it is this year. But we did want to comment a little bit on that relative FFOA growth versus peers because we got a couple of questions or we saw a couple comments and notes on it. So I guess number one, I’d step back and say, we talked upfront in the commentary seven years of the last nine years have continued to outperform the peers on earnings growth over the last three throughout this downturn. I have had a pretty meaningful degree of outperformance. So I think we have had a pretty good history and track record of outperformance. As we sit here and look at relative to peers today, we are about a 1.5% light on 2022 growth. I definitely hope with the team, the competitive advantages, some of the levers that we can pull on growth and operations. Hopefully, we are able to close that gap and continue our track record on a go-forward basis and exceed pure average. But kind of building blocks of it, not normal, everybody has in theirs. What our same-store numbers are. We do have a drag on interest expense, a little bit more debt in the capital stack next year, but we have also assumed about 100-basis-point increase for short-term rates throughout the year. So you have a drag on that front. The G&A front, we do have continued growth as we continue to invest in our people and pay competitive compensation packages, but also continue to invest in the areas of innovation, ESG and human capital, and so we have a number of headcounts that we are adding in those areas to keep driving forward those specific department. And then you get into kind of the external growth pieces. On the development side, if you look on Attachment 9 of the supplement, you can see that we kind of have this unique period of time right now where we have four developments that are all hitting lease-up, which is very rare to have all of them come off cap interest and go into lease-up right at the same time. But if you look at that $350 million of development, you have got between cap interest and NOI only about a 1.5% yield this year. Those assets are meaningfully outperforming our original underwriting. We think those will stabilize out in the 6.5% range. So right there you have a $0.04 to $0.05 pickup or 2% of pickup to earnings sometime over the next year to two years as those work towards stabilization. So that’s a little bit of that drag. DCP, you mentioned, can be choppy at times and we do have a -- that is a net source of proceeds this year. That said, I think, Andrew obviously can talk about the pipeline that we have there, but feel comfortable that over time, we will continue to be able to grow that. And so as redemptions come in, sometimes they may be choppy, but the reality is we are going to look to redeploy. And so, I will turn it over to Cantor in a second. But one last point just on the balance sheet was, we did mention that we fully equitized our transactions last year utilizing equity. So we did give up leverage capacity on that to further our leverage goals and so we accelerated our decline in debt-to-EBITDA which you saw was 6.4 times here in the quarter. So that actually cost us a couple of pennies as well. And so a couple of UDR-specific headwinds, but all of them are setting us up for, I think, on development DCP and on balance sheet better growth on a go-forward basis. But Cantor, can talk -- take you through a little bit what you are seeing on DCP.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Juan. It’s Joe. So it’s definitely not the overall size of the opportunity set that is necessarily shrunk. We still see a great opportunity out there and so that $400 million to $500 million desire is still on the table. It’s just that we have had a couple of pretty successful outcomes here. We had Orlando the Essex Luxe deal, whereas say buyout earlier than their maturity, but because of that we are able to get a little bit of a discounted price, a little bit better yield. And so, obviously, it costs us a little bit of earnings and proceeds this year, but beneficial net-net to the long-term earnings profile of the company. And then 1200 Broadway we weren’t able to compete on the pricing on that one, but we did have upside participation as you saw on the SAP of around $12 million and so that actually enhanced that IRR -- I think around 14% IRR above and beyond just the press. And so a couple of successful outcomes that just happened to be kind of the short window of time. But typically when you look through our DCP pipeline, you can see the maturities they are on 11B and so when you look down that you can see pretty diversified maturity profile which is what we typically try to do. And so, I fully expect as we move forward throughout the year and continue to grow the pipeline. I think you will see that $290 million tick up to the $50 million that’s already committed to the existing pipeline, so that gets you to $340 million. And our desire and hope is that, Andrew and team continue to find another $50 million to $150 million here over the next 12 months to 24 months to get us back up to that target that we would like to get to. So, not a byproduct of lack of opportunity, just more or so timing right now.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Fair question, Neil. It’s -- I’d say it’s more of a right product or just the timing of the year. So you see a lot of product brought to the market throughout the year, but as you approach year end, less product being marketed for sale. In addition, the first three weeks, four weeks of the year end up pretty slow up until NMHC Conference and so, you see a lot of deals launch at that point in time. So there’s a lull naturally just given seasonality in the pipeline, but then it starts to pick up again. So I think you have got a little bit of a pipeline issue there. As you mentioned, the platform and you use the word aggressiveness, I will use the word discipline around it. But, yeah, we have been pretty active on that front, trying to make sure we find platform-centric deals and so we are fairly selective. So even when there is a lot of transactions taking place, the reality is they are not all going to fit in terms of which markets do we want, which attributes do we want, are they going to be adjacent to or nearby to an existing assets, we can pod them. So we have been pretty selective. But I definitely wouldn’t take the lack of activity in the last 30 days to 60 days as a sign that we are not continuing to look. We are not being diligent and trying to find more opportunities and similar to DCP and similar to what we are doing on development with growing that pipeline. I think we are going to continue to be active and try to take advantage of the competitive advantages that we have right now.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Neil. This is Joe. Just one other thing closing out, you kind of asked where we think it’s headed. That’s -- I will be qualitative. I thought I’d give you the quantitative to just underline our assumptions there that support Mike’s guidance. So, I guess, number one, just pointing out in 4Q, we saw a couple of comments on page two of our press release. The -- in the quarter cash collections of 95.5% came down from 95.8% in 3Q. They just want to highlight that that’s not a concerning trend to us. That’s a typical seasonal trend. If you went back and look at last year’s supplement, we actually dropped about 70 basis points sequentially. But eventually, all these are -- quarters are getting back to 98%-plus on collections for current residents and that’s really what underlies our guidance for 2022, as 2022 looks a lot like 2021. We get to 98%-plus collected and we will see where some of these eviction moratoriums and other legislative actions go. But right now we think it looks a lot like 2021.
Joe Fisher: And you still do have -- in the D.C. region, Neil, you still got Montgomery County, which is about 2% of our NOI. You got LA, you got New York City rent stabilized, you got CPI plus seven years up in Oregon, CPI plus five years, California, 15 years and older. So there’s other various restrictions as well.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. Right now, we have about $5 million of that included in our guidance, so we expect to get a run rate on that as we go into next year and then we have another, call it, 30 initiatives that we are currently working on that makes up the rest of that that we expect to get towards the latter half of this year going into next year, so $5 million today.
Joe Fisher: It’s not out of the question, but I will tell you the things that put a little bit of pressure on us today to keeping that around that 1% range that we have been accustomed to running over the last three years of inflation, so…
Joe Fisher: …as we do have people turning over in positions or we have more third-party contracts, we do have to combat that to some degree. So we feel pretty comfortable with that 2% to 3% range this year. That being said, some of these initiatives, as well as these big ideas that we are constantly looking at, we are always looking for that next big idea that will drive those controllable expenses down further.
