Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon everyone and welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The second quarter of 2015 was a busy and fruitful one for UDR. As we continue to execute on our two year strategic plan. This quarter was highlighted by favorable capital allocation and ongoing impressive operating results. As a result, we have again increased our full year same store growth and earnings guidance ranges. The following four topics highlight the second quarter. First, operations continue to accelerate throughout the second quarter with strong new lease and renewal rate growth leading to over 7% effective rent growth for the quarter. This is an increase of almost 300 basis points year-over-year and over 200 basis points ahead of the first quarter of 2015. Second, our development platform continues to perform very well. Our two communities in lease up the $218 million development in Boston seaport and $92 million participating loan Steele Creek development in Denver are well ahead of budgeted absorption and rent expectations. Including Steele Creek in the West Coast development joint venture projects, we will complete $310 million of accretive development in 2015 and $377 million in 2016. All of which will continue to drive cash flow and NAV growth. Third, we entered into an agreement to acquire up to $908 million of apartment communities in the Washington DC markets in conjunction with the announced merger between home properties and Lone Star funds. This transaction will allow us to increase our exposure to a recovering DC market at favorable pricing. It is consistent with our strategic plan as it will be immediately accretive to earnings, we will be able to issue OPE units at or above NAV and it improves our balance sheet metrics. And finally, we are increasing full year earnings guidance in same store growth ranges for the second time this year to reflect the strength evident in our operations. Since issuing initial guidance in February of 2015, we have increased revenue and NOI growth expectations at the midpoint by 125 and 175 basis points respectively. Additionally, we now expect full year FFO as adjusted growth to be close to 9% as compared to 6% at the start of the year. In short, we feel great about the reminder of 2015 and while it’s early we think 2016 is lining up to be another great year for UDR. With that, I'd like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR Associates for their extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. We look forward to continued success in 2015. And I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Yeah we day we raised the BBB plus by S&P and AA one by Moody's last year. The current spreads are probably in the range on a 10 year deal 160 to maybe upwards of 170 basis point all and spread including lesser concessions but probably closer to about 160 mark is my guess. So that's the spread what that - we're doing.
Tom Toomey: Yeah the increase in G&A is going to be just two things, we've had outperformance during the year against what we have set forth is our plan. And therefore the incentive programs payout at a higher rate. And that's what the increase in the guidance that we set forth on the cash run. 15 years for that. And then as far as the joint ventures that would then be the Wolff JV and then also the addition of Steele Creek some offset for the Texas JV and then there is a few other moving parts within that, but those are probably numbers.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey Dave, to compare the question this time we’ll have an answer a couple of weeks and so we probably just be able to come out with a press release shortly thereafter with the facts and so speculating between now and then clearly doesn’t reflects our focus.
Tom Toomey: We’ve been working in conjunction with the Cape Of Home, and have been having the conversations meetings and dialog with the whole OPU dealers, unit holders both come and explain the trends actually among the home people as well as explain the options and have received a 700 page offering document so as you mind that it’s clearly complex so we our day-to-day dialogue with them.
Tom Toomey: Yeah that’s a great question and really the bulk of the increase well let me put it this way, we only have one market that is not hitting the original business plan and that’s not a material market its’ Michigan Virginia, every one of my other markets is above plan and they vary to some degree. I would state the biggest surprises to original guidance have come West Coast, going from and mostly from Northern California up through the Pacific Northwest have helped perform by quite a bit to our original expectations. Also a following that the two Texas markets both Dallas and Houston are holding a better in the faith of new supply than we originally expected and when we get beyond that where there is so caliber rest of the some belt through the Mid Atlantic they are all doing better than original plan but the biggest drivers were Northwest.
Tom Toomey: We came in at about let me check back on it. There is about 245 and there was like 20 basis points of forward carry.
Tom Toomey: Cap rates have been low in that market for some time. We haven't seen any noticeable decline in the cap rates today. They have been and continue to be very, very low the good product in Los Angeles area.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey, yeah when we look at our debt maturity schedule, we've got a pretty good open slot with very little maturing and 10 years out. So we probably pick that window. And that being said we're looking at the price differential of really our overall governing element is to try to keep that level later maturity schedule.
Tom Toomey: No those are typically just related to real-estate taxes either increase this year or refunds last year. I can remember specifically on those what drove it to that level. But I'm pretty sure we did recognize some real-estate tax refund to some of the California assets last year. We may have got and hit with an increase in one of our Texas markets this year. So it’s purely real-estate taxes.
Tom Toomey: Really it's interesting that are doing better than they did last year. A year ago the spread between - was probably 500 to 600 basis point is compressed in the point today. Where it's closer to what it is in our total company which is somewhere in the 100 to 150 basis point differential. As I stated earlier, we're finding some of that urban core A product downtown in Logan circle, Thomas circle and New Street which are right in the same general area are very strong. Our property in Arlington village is probably almost struggling property today because of their supply. And the B assets outside the beltway are continuing to do fairly well but I would say our strongest sub-market inside that way is that - corridor.
Tom Toomey: Thank you operator and thank all of you for your time and interest in UDR. As we've gotten two quarters down in the year it's very good year for us. We looking forward to the second half with this continued strength and our performance. And certainly the team is remains focused on the strategic plan the execution of it and building to the strength of 2016 and then we think that's going to be a good year as well. So with that thank you and take care.
Harry Alcock: Other sub markets have several projects in some of these newer neighborhoods around the ballpark in the Southwest Waterfront we’re also getting to see a significant amount of new supply as Jerry mentioned around Del Rey in Northern Virginia we continue to see new supply in that sub market as well.
Harry Alcock: Sure in terms of underwriting assumptions, we property-by-property we assume revenue growth during the first year some more between 2% and 3% depending on the asset. One of the properties are at the park is completing lease up after their major redevelopment. That property we underwrote in the low-90s in the first year. It's currently around the mid-80s and push that up to 94% in the second year. So we have some second year upside on that asset in particular.
Harry Alcock: Haendel its Harry, we don't currently have any land assets that are available for development in the short term. It is however a market that we would developing, it's a recovering market as we mentioned we typically like to have one property in each of our core development markets at a construction at any given time. And we're just completing the lease up of the --. We're hoping expectation of - sometime in the next year or two we will have another land asset that - and new construction started.
Harry Alcock: Haendel its Harry. We haven't seen any significant change in the volume of opportunities available. There continue to be a significant amount of transactions. 2014 as you know that we're well over $100 billion on transaction volume. We expect 2015 to be something similar. In terms of interactions with the sellers it's a there is a lot of capital chasing these assets. If you don't we haven't had any interaction that would be unusual not sure exactly the question you're asking. But it continues to be very active transaction market.
Harry Alcock: Well, there has been a lot of reports written that publicize the significant supply on number of permits pulled in May and June in New York City. The primary reason as developers will trying to get under the exploration of 421A program the program since is been extended but certainly not as developer friendly as with additional affordable housing units that some of them are going to be required. So we saw some more than close to 8000 units in Manhattan or - more than in the months of May and June. Even more and Brooklyn and somewhere in the neighborhood of 35,000 permits have been pulled in all the deferrals over the last couple of months.
Harry Alcock: So from over the last couple of years we consistently saw double-digit cost increases I can tell you today as because we’re looking to start new projects and are looking forward to the next four, six, eight, 10 months. The cost increases have moderated in fact we’re starting to see decreases in certain materials, steel has come down 10% plus over the past years, lumber has come down 0.56% over the past year so as we look forward as cost increases have moderated we’re now looking at sort of a mid-single-digit type cost increases, the labor market in certain locations continues to be challenging and is pushing back in some of these material declines. Though we've gone from kind of mid-double digit type increases mid-teens down to mid-single digits.
Harry Alcock: Rob this is Harry. So that really was the first market where that materialized the condo boom. It's manifested itself in land prices which has gone up significantly and so far few were apartment, projects will pent up projects will pencil now is for multi-family use. It's migrated a little bit to say Francisco where you are seeing for example a project right across from our 399 Fremont deal has been sold to a condo converter. The project has completed a lease up and now - so we are seeing that a little bit in San Francisco. In other markets we're not seeing it to California a little bit in Boston. But really a lot in New York. Some in San Francisco and then just small number in another markets.
Harry Alcock: It's Harry the three assets we sold this quarter those the weighted average IRR was around 11%. So we had kind of a 12% or 9% and then 11% for the three assets that sold. We're probably sold the Texas JV in the first quarter and about 14% so for the year we're at about 12% unlevered IRR for the asset base.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. On the construction side, it's a very high labor market for construction management personnel. We've lost one person this year and they're in the process of replacing him we've added a couple of others as new projects have started. But it's a very competitive labor market.
Jerry Davis: Yeah it’s going to be a - conservative we didn’t think it was meaningful on that to change guidance but I do believe in the third quarter specially my occupancy would be less than it was last year as we drive to continue to push rate. But as I’ve stated again at the end of my remarks we’re at 96.5 today, I would expect for the next five months to run somewhere that 96.5 range which is probably a little bit of a decelerate or declined from last year but we’re not going to drop off to the point well below 96 as we averaged 96.5 for the year.
Jerry Davis: Sure this is Jerry. I guess to start with we've seen move outs due to rent increase probably go 300 basis point over the last year or so from 6% of the reasons from new loan to little under 10%. So still with the level that we're comfortable with. And we look at total turnover in the quarter it was up 110 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year. The majority of the reason for that is we had a higher number of lease explorations in the second quarter when we had back in 2014 second quarter of about 350 leases. Probably two or three years ago we started an effort to move more and more explorations from first and fourth quarter and to the middle two quarters primarily because new lease rate growth those high demand time is typically 200 to 300 basis points higher and that’s what it was this year when second quarter the lease rate growth was 7.7% compared to 4.2% in the first quarter of this year. So, we pushed it to that level, we also would expect third quarter which will have probably a 100 to 200 more exploration from we had last year to also have turnover at for higher than it was last year but then we’ll get into the fourth quarter we would think turnover would be a little bit less than last year. So when you look at the entire year, turnover should roughly be flat with what it was last year. When you look at rent income, really have been seen much of the changes instruct a little towards in the high teens pushing 20%, I would tell you those. That is not as a soft number meaning. Half of my residents probably lived with on average three to five years our average ten year is something like 25 months. We only qualify people at the time so we don’t qualify them, so over that three to five year period they’ve been getting salary increases so I think any time you hear any others talk about rent income levels, you should realize, we don’t go back in recertify the never income. I tend to love more as my turnover going up when I am pushing right, when I am looking California in the West Coast when has been pushing right the most over the last year, year and half, turnover is actually down in places like San Francisco, Orange County and locations like that on the year-to-date basis. And then the other thing I look at is if you’re pushing too hard some people will be new when they turn into bad debt as they become a - infection. My bad debt has actually gone down year-over-year to the point this year it’s at less than 0.2% of our gross potential rate so I look at those two metrics a little bit more because they are harder numbers and easier to measure and if we see a situation where either my bad debt starts to spike or my turnover starts grew up dramatically as in better indicator to me that I pushed too hard.
Jerry Davis: Well Dave it depends. We've got maybe another I guess I would back up. We put it into that tool we’ve got 250 million left of fund at home and that’s going to be some combination of sales debt inside. So again the funding means are not great, I hate to put a number on it because it could change during the year based on conditions.
Jerry Davis: We’ve been looking at ten year deal towards the end of last quarter and we’ve got about two-thirds hedge rates now from a treasury perspective so we’re looking on massive hurry on that. We bumped into the Greece and Chinese prices which has the market - that’s choppy and too critical so probably better off to look to sometimes probably in the early parts of the third quarter so that’s still part of the plan but we decided to push that again.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, this is Jerry and you are right. We are excited to actually participate in some of the higher revenue growth this quarter after having a discipline 3.8% growth in its fourth quarter. We turned it rather 6%. This quarter our expectation full year revenue growth in Los Angeles for us will be more than 6% and really what's driven if we're UDR, I would remind you talk of our same-store portfolio and then we're going to double rate and there has been quite a bit of the new tech job coming in Playa Vista. Over the last two years we've had new equipment supply come to Playa. So it came the proceeded the job growth. But the jobs are finally starting to come. I think in addition to that what goes from Santa Monica into the down town area is helping dry grades in the West side. As another benefit we more recently seen in Marian Del Ray portfolio is rental rates in Santa Monica has been driving people just throughout head down the coast 5 or 6 miles to us. New supply is coming in LA right now. It's kind of shifted from that West side. It taking down town right now and we're seeing a little bit of pressure down there. But we're still optimistic about down town as this is becoming much more of a believable city with retail and night life and some job through. But again as I stated earlier, our same-store pool is heavily concentrated among the area and we're finally starting to see the job growth in some of our apartments.
Haendel St. Juste: So a question here on pro-forma of the acquisition of the home assets in DC, DC will be about 18% of your NOI is that a level you’re comfortable at? Are you inclined to add a bit more to region in covers or more inclined to call? And then second part of that question, it looks like the golden yield on the acquisition in some of the low fives. Just curious how you're underwriting NOI growth over the next couple of years as part of that acquisition.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, appreciate that. Are you looking or plus as we considering starting development projects in DC today and not to tie too much the question before I'm saying are you comfortable at the level where you're at 18% NOI. But just curious on your level of comfort to potentially pursue development opportunity in DC today.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay and just as a follow up I'll have on the line Harry. Just curious the conversations with potential sellers here over the last couple of months with vigorous on peoples' mind. Any change in the number of opportunities we think come to the market and any change that - interactions with sellers.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good afternoon. It’s Austin in for Jordon. Jerry you mentioned that you feel like you have a long runway for growth in New York I was wondering if you could just provide some additional detail and your comments and what really gives you the confidence that with supply increases in 2016 in the burn-off of 421
Unidentified Analyst: So then how would you really think about the mix of capital raising throughout the balance of the year to the extent you feel comfortable that the HMA deal is going to go through is currently structured.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello everyone with the labor market tightening are you seen any turnover at the property level and also at the construction level.
Tom Herzog: This is Herzog, no it does not. But the home transaction there would be units in addition to that's been described in the sources we spoken to you earlier.
Tom Herzog: Well if the fact was that when we look at our sources who uses for the balance of the year, we've got about $200 million to $250 million left to fund in total. And that's really unchanged when we spoke to last quarter. It will be some combination of sales, or it could be stock or could be debt whatever we conclude at the time if provides the best pricing and it's the best outcome for our investors. So as far as home, again the majority of that come through OP units that depends on how many of the home OP unitholders convert to duty units, as to what will actually look like. And we'll have those numbers sometime in the next couple of weeks.
Tom Herzog: Yeah we've got some optionality obviously on whether we would kick from assets out of if we didn't have full conversion or do - ones or the - we're in good shape on that side.
