Tom Toomey: Hey, Eric, good morning, this is Tom. With respect to the cap rate, we look at the transaction is more of a swap of interest. And the cap rate conversation is not as germane to it is as you would normally think is an acquisition because we're selling interest at the same time. And so I tend do not think if it is a cap rate as much as just the swap of interest and cash flow in market position, which [advances] our interest in owning more of Seattle if you will over the long term and little less of Charlotte, Tampa and Houston land et cetera.
Tom Toomey: Yeah, I think more of the latter Eric, our personal viewpoint over the long term would be that Seattle urban product at the high rise is probably a better long term assets than you would a Tampa or Charlotte suburban product and certainly and that's our view over the long term, so a more of the latter in your argument.
Tom Toomey: Jana, this is Tom Toomey, I have couple things to add Jerry's comment on October clearly performing right now inline with our expectations and that's a credit to really Jerry and his team and they've got a very strong occupancy as of this morning where at 96% and I think they'll be able to hold a pretty high occupancy coming into the first part of January of 2013 which should aid us on a number of fronts including pricing power.
Tom Toomey: Yeah. Andrew, certainly we've looked at it carefully and both in terms of sizing the development activities and redevelopment activities in and our conclusion is this is that during 2013 we have approximately $700 million in some phase of lease-up and clearly that won't deliver much NOI for '13 but will rebound substantially in '14 as those assets are leased up so. I think what you're going to say as, pose a little tick up in our overall leverage in the first couple quarters of 2013 and then I think it comes substantially down as the NOI gets delivered on those assets. So we see it as both good long-term investments in the development activities and clearly for delivering that fixed or better compared just spot cap rates for lot of these assets be low 4s mid-4s that the NAV creation is there in a long-term and that in a short-term it may be dilutive to earnings and then that's part of a trade we're willing to make, but we do believe the long-term NAV accretion is there.
Tom Toomey: Andrew, I think you have it correct there. Clearly we're not interested in issuing stock below NAV and we believe that's probably the right route for us just to grow into it. We'll continue to look at sales, and price it in the market and see what kicks up, but I think a lot of that is dependent on what happens, November fiscal policy all of those other factors and I'm not prepared to give you what the sales environment might be next year, but we feel comfortable absent sales being able to grow our enterprise and grow our NAV and what are the other sales part comes out.
Tom Toomey: It's probably about in line. You know it may be don't want to hear better but you know we expected only to go and right after and give the increase from what private owner was charging we quite a bit of that as we have gone throughout the year and then there was some concessions that were recovering that have gone away. So there is a little bit I had but not markedly.
Tom Toomey: You know I think it's premature to rank on, but I will tell you I think the acquisition environment are shares or trading today would clearly be a very challenging to find anything that would be a creative. Yeah today's prices then containing ourselves within our leverage metrics and so you probably see us continue to look at a redevelopment platform followed by a development activities and (inaudible) come out. But I think it's going to be the tough acquisition environment for us and we were trained and confined where we want to keep leverage of the enterprise. With that being said I think Jerry has got a very good year coming up in 13. We still see a good strong fundamentals and so the core of the business in operation looks like it's going to have good year mixture.
Tom Toomey: Karin, this is Toomey. Just to add, I think the business is operating just as we thought it would for the second half of the year and Jerry still has pricing power in a lot of his markets as evidenced by his ability to on renewals and new leases traffic always dries off this time of year. And we wouldn't expect that number to change. So I think we've still got good solid fundamentals.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom. A couple of things, Michael, with respect to the third quarter you're also taking a charge for acquisition expense of about $1.1 million, so we probably won't be buying anything in the fourth quarter, that'll be part of it. And the second aspect on your guidance of the range of 33% to 38%, the consensus on the street is about 136, we see it pretty much that way ourselves and I think we'll really leave it at that.
Tom Toomey: We see it in a number of different ways. First, it's not really for us to define where leverage should go. I think lower in the long-term directional is where we're headed and other companies use of ATM seems prudent if they think they are selling stock above NAV. Right now we would probably not be selling stock and we haven't since May added, because we don't believe we're trading anywhere near our NAV estimate. So I don't see the use of the ATM is a way to lower the leverage. The way I see it is unless the enterprise development redevelopment activities mature that will naturally deleverage us as well as operating cash flow growth. So I am not trying to chase the peers if you will. I think today we're right about a [6-9] on debt to EBITDA and all the other metrics look like we're at average or below average, and I think this tree will be prudent and our judgment of this as they see us consistently bring that number down over time. So leverage, that's kind of how we think about it at this present time.
Tom Toomey: Yes, we are and I think in the first two quarters the next year (inaudible) happen and then rapidly start coming down as the NOI from that development redevelopment activity comes online. As you know we're delivering $700 million, which is practically no earning for us in '13 and then '14 has a substantial uptick. So that's how we see it unfolding. In the interim we'll continue to monitor the share price in the sales market and see if we can affect the positive direction on leveraging that way, but we're comfortable with it drifting up slightly for a couple of quarters as people can clearly see the long-term path is towards lower leverage and we think that path is within our control.
Tom Toomey: The gross asset value is a little over $400 million. These assets are probably at about 45%, 50% levered.
Tom Toomey: In Met JV I non-core is probably less than $400 million in our estimation and non-core of the asset, you know we have kind of divided than into two bucket assets that we think we have exhausted the value creation and we think that there will be an opportunity to sell and that's primarily Sacramento and Norfolk. Those assets probably have a gross asset value of probably $250 million and then we have a much more larger pool if you will of what we call warehouse capital, where markets are recovering, we think there is still more value to be cleaned out of the asset through operations or just natural market recovery, and that's probably the Nashville and Florida portfolio, and then those assets are probably - Barry could probably give you a better asset number, probably $1 billion and realize it's in the context of multiple years on $12 billion enterprise. So I think we'll hang onto them for a while, we don't see any particular need to sell them in the short run. In fact it probably wouldn't be prudent to do so.
Tom Toomey: Well thank you, all of you for your time today. I know that we're all watching the weather and certainly our (inaudible) go out to those who are going to be impacted by the storm. We stuck with having this call this morning in hope that; one, we would be able to focus our attention on the balance of the week to what damage may occur by the storm and positioning ours assets and our people to help our residents and associates get through this event. We think we're well prepared, anticipated it and again thank you for your time and know that we will see many of you in a couple weeks in San Diego. With that take care.
Jerry Davis: You know, we're really not prepared at this point time to give guidance towards revenue growth in 2013.
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, yeah, what happened in California in great part last year's we've benefitted from profit adjustment down, where valuations were allowed to go down to - from where we had originally purchased the properties to where the actual values were. Now what happened as valuations have continued to go up over the last 12 to 15 months, you're not - you really don't have a [proper] 13 ceiling of the 2% on the real estate taxes, so what you're really seeing is benefits that we were able to achieve last year in third quarter and you can't replicate that.
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, yeah, Orange County actually decelerated as far as year-over-year growth and through the first six months of the year, we were up about a 7% close to 7%. And in the third quarter I think we decelerated down to growth and revenue 4.9, anything can happen there Dave is we probably got too aggressive, when we did get too aggressive on renewal increases that we sent out beginning back in May. And it turned out that more of our residents were unwilling to accept that rate, resulted in turnover spiking up in Orange County was 11% higher than it was last year and it kept a lid on occupancy growth. So we ran it with a little lower occupancy at 94.8% than I would have liked and that brought it down [resets] going back adjusted some of our renewal increases got an occupancy backup into the mid 95 in Orange County, and we feel like we're back on pace.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, a lot of it was in new lease rates, we were running throughout the second quarter at in the high fours to low fives even in July on new leases we were getting about six and then we've had to drop it down to the mid threes, then spent just to gain the occupancies and when I look at the renewals that we were spending now in our - or achieving in Orange County, throughout the quarter the two months we were getting about 6.5% and then we took it down in September to 4.9% and then October so far to 5%.
Jerry Davis: I think it's locale for us we'll probably be on above average -- perform about in 4Q as well as when we got into next year. You know I think the job growth as well as the recovery of rents that are really lagging the rest of the country are going to help. There's limited new supply that's come in directly at us in any given market in Southern California.  Like you said Orange County this past year in last 12 month had about 30,000 jobs added, which is very close to its long-term average. We think that could decelerate slightly next year but not much. LA, LA is picking up pretty well and even though got a little bit of supply coming at us in Marina del Rey and a little bit downturn we think demand is more than sufficient. Now, one other thing I'll tell you, we're working on we've got rehabs that's going on in Southern California, both at in Orange County at Villa Venetia and Pine Brook where we've done a good job of pushing rates there. We're getting about $520 rehab premium on the 56 units we've turned down there. So there is definitely demand for a higher grade property there. At The Westerly which is formerly Marina Pointe up in Marina del Rey is completed about 315 of the unit interiors as well as the bulk of the amenities and units or building exteriors. We've able to get about $450 premium on those.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, Mike. And we read your note and pretty much agree with your math and the assumptions that you came up with, the thing to consider when you're looking at our fourth quarter especially on the revenue. Is it in 4Q11 we ran occupancy at our same store portfolio of 95.1%, because last year we had pushed the rents hard [fetching] turnover occurs and had difficulty reloading rates that we like. This year our expectation to run the fourth quarter in the high 95s like we have the last several quarters as though you're probably going to be looking at I would say 60 to 80 point increase year-over-year in occupancy that will help by get into that midpoint.
Jerry Davis: Actually, in third quarter when I compare to the fourth quarter last year I'm not talking to trailing 12 which is an annualize quarter is that we typically give it. It was 170 basis point higher than it was in third quarter of last year at 66.4% then if you look at the nine month annualized, we're currently running about 270 basis points over the last year at 57.2 because 4Q is typically a very low turnover quarter because we have low number of lease exploration. I would think we're going to get down into that 54 or 55 range, which will be 200 to 300 basis point higher than it was to the full year of last year. What we've really seen is probably from about March through July or August our turnover is running 300 to 400 basis points higher than it was last year. In the past few month, we've seen a normalize back down to the point it's virtually flat, with the based on the same properties we own last year so. We thank we've kind of gotten through that layer of residence that had moved in a few years ago. And we were at trough rates, and as we increased rents on them them 6% to 7% over the last couple years, they've gone back to the asset class they were used to living in. And we've reloaded with a higher caliber of residence that we're optimistic will be able to stay with us and we'll see flat turnover going forward. Okay. I can tell you I had just couple of stats is typically asking our net income is still going to have 17% range in our average household income today is about $91,000 on our same store portfolio that's an indication I think. If the quality of the same store portfolio is much higher than it was in years past when that number was more in the 80 range. Then on LA and fairly year ago we have seen LA improved somewhat. In the last quarter again we did push rents there similar to what we did in the Orange County and you know we start turnover there actually go up about 10% also. So kind of the same issue that I said it Orange County we got little aggressive push too hard and it took us too late in the quarters to reestablished their occupancy. Today LA is running about 95.5% is a cost and you know we are optimistic that we have the right things in place and the right strategy to push that forward.
Jerry Davis: I didn't, but I will. They were up 9%. Now we were hit by the prop 8 readjustment in California and then when you look in the some down market predominantly Texas as well as Florida evaluation this year turned and higher we had expected.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, we will always expect to get sequential growth. I mean we're still raising rents, I think your occupancy level is probably be flattish for most of your growth, is really going to come more through the rent side.
Jerry Davis: I don't think that's really changed, although I would tell you we're still under midst of doing our budget and so we don't have a firm number yet, but I don't think any of the assumptions I have back then have changed materially.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. On your same store performance in New York which is just essentially Hanover how did that 12% same store revenue growth at 10 Hanover compared to your initial expectation when you bought that asset. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And on your development pipeline you guys added stabilization date, information, and it looks like most of the five quarters out usually when we look at year this quarter out, usually when we look at your disclosure for your peers it's two to three quarters up. It had just conservative them on your part that (inaudible) by the type product rebuilding but what's causing five quarters for stabilization.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then last question Tom, you can't talk about this in your prepared remarks. When you look at 2013 how would rank your external growth opportunity between acquisition and development and I guess further activity with the MetLife JV.
