Jerry Davis: Hi, Nick, this is Jerry. Last year, we came into the year expecting other income to contribute or to grow at high single-digits and it came in just under 12% at 11.5% this year. As we go into this year once again, we think it’s going to be high single-digits with the hope but not the expectation that it could go higher. It’s all based on increased penetration in some markets. And when you look at the contribution it made to total revenue last year, it was in that 80 to 100 basis point range and this year it’s expected to be probably in the 50 to 60 basis points of revenue growth.
Jerry Davis: In this is Jerry. In 2018, I think across our portfolio, it was probably 75 to 100 basis points of outperformance. So, I think as you go into this next year, we would expect it to be roughly that same magnitude maybe a bit tighter, but not materially different.
Jerry Davis: Probably the ones with the largest ranges are the ones that have the heaviest amounts of supply. But what we’re really looking at that determines the ranges is job growth in those markets. So, 3 that really jump out are Seattle, New York and San Francisco. We expect Seattle to be a good-performing market this next year, but a lot of it is contingent upon a continuation of job growth. Same is true in San Francisco. New York, while it’s going to be one of our lower-performing markets, we still expect it to be almost 100 basis points improved revenue growth from last year. So, we’ve been encouraged recently. Joe was going through some of the attributes that we saw in the Brooklyn deal. As we look at more recent rent growth there, as you see in our supplement on Attachment 8(g), new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter was 1.5%. That compares to a company average of 1%. And actually, in the month of January, new lease rate growth was 1.3%. So, we’re encouraged by New York today, but we are cognizant that dependent on job growth, it could change. And then the fourth market that you have significant amounts of new supply, none of it’s not much is in our backyard, is LA. LA, I would say, just always has a little bit of risk for us on the same-store side because 3 of our 4 same-store assets are located in Marina del Rey. So, when you have that kind of a concentration, if the development that is coming at us goes a little crazy on lease-up concessions, it can affect us. I guess, if there was one, I look at that could surprise to the downside and this is probably just looking more at conventional opinion, Seattle. We feel like our Seattle portfolio, while it’s heavily located in Bellevue and Bellevue is – West Bellevue is not going to have that much new supply. If you do feel concessionary problems come from both Redmond where supply is going to be heavy or downtown, it could affect us.
Jerry Davis: Yes, Rich, it’s Jerry. I will tell you we did look at a lot of vendors and we participated with one that we have a lot of confidence in. He is the company has success with other installations historically most predominantly in the single family home industry. When you look at the return, we measure the return and it’s about a 12% to 13% IRR based on about a 6, 6.5-year life on this investment. We think there is also as I said in my remarks benefits on the expense side. One of the key features of this is leak detectors. And as you know, in high-rises as well as garden communities, water damage can be very expensive, so catching it early drives down insurance cost as well as R&M. We think by having these electronic locks, it saves our maintenance teams time in responding to service requests as well as just having to change out locks, and it also cuts down on overtime because we don’t have to come out and do lockouts for residents. So, there’s quite a bit of it on the expense side, too. When you look at the $20 to $30 premium, we’re going to add that to the rent. So, we will be able to measure what our spread in rents was before and after installation compared to the market to ensure that we’re getting that benefit. I can tell you, as I said in my opening remarks, we’ve installed almost 2,000 of these. The response from the residents has been very positive. I think a lot of them already had things like Amazon Echoes in their apartments that they’re tying into the system to help make it work. I think they see the convenience factors, especially on the locks, to be able to open them remotely from their mobile device when they have friends, dog sitters, people like that coming to their houses. I think for our single parents that, or parents in general, that have school-age kids that get home from school, you get a notification when the door opens. So, it gives you that kind of calmness that your child has returned home. Overall, we think it’s a big benefit for the resident. We think there is a significant benefit to us. We realize that technology does change, but we think this technology is cutting edge and should last at least for 6, 6.5 years before we have to reinvest.
Jerry Davis: Yes, this is Jerry. I would tell you, when you look at total income growth for our markets, it’s screening higher than it is for the country in general at over 6% total income. We expect job growth. When you look at how we have built up some of our budget and plan expectations, we do see job creation coming down somewhat to probably about 170,000 jobs per month, but we do see an increase in wage growth in our markets. So, you’ve got that. Then on the supply side, I don’t think we’re seeing a whole lot different in our peer set. I think overall, we see a slight increase in supply next year and it deviates market by market.
Jerry Davis: Jeff, that being said, we have got January in the books. And when you look at new lease rate growth in January, it was at 0.9%, which is comparable to what it was in the fourth quarter, and it’s about 120 basis points on the new lease side, higher than we were last year. So, you’ve got that on top of 96.8% physical occupancy. So, we are off to a good start this year.
Jerry Davis: No, we are really not utilizing the predictive analytics. So, I think on the expense side, what you’ve seen is us really get a start on this operating platform that we discussed in the prepared remarks. And I think when you look at how we’ve done in the fourth quarter, our controllable expenses, which are everything except real estate taxes and insurance, we’re down 1.4%. You’re going to see an increase in repairs and maintenance but a pretty good decrease in personnel. And that’s really a function of us outsourcing more pieces of our business to more efficiently drive down the total cost structure. So, I think a lot of what we’ve done so far is related to outsourcing and centralization of certain functions to become more efficient. I think we’ve improved some of the analytics we use on the marketing side. I think we’ve, on the utility side, done a very good job of putting in more energy-efficient lighting and other tools. And I think you’re doing to see those continue. So while we’re still expecting real estate pressures next year, it will come down somewhat from what it was this year. But our expectation is those controllable expenses stay in check, probably close to flat as we look out into 2019. And I think as we continually drive down our margin through this new operating platform, it’s going to help our existing portfolio, but more importantly, it’s going to give us a platform so that when we’re looking to make other investments in the future, whether it’s acquisitions or developments, you are going to see better flow-through on those and more value creation.
Jerry Davis: That’s pretty much what it is. When you really looked at the other additions and there weren’t many, it really didn’t have any effect on it.
Jerry Davis: There is probably the same ones that we are going to see the pressure and that would be Florida, Texas, Seattle would be the heaviest pressure points.
Jerry Davis: Well, this is Jerry, Joe may want to jump in or Harry. When you think about physical stabilization, you complete the project, obviously, and then you start to lease up throughout. But frequently, that first year of lease-up, you’re offering anywhere from 1 month, maybe 1.5 months of concession. You also have extensive marketing cost during that time frame. So that’s physically stable, but not economically stable. As you get to that next year, the next turn of leases, typically, the concessions go away or for the most part go away and the marketing spend comes down dramatically that’s when you start getting more of that full stabilized yield.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think at least in or in 2019 our expectation is revenue is probably going to be about 100 bps lower than what our same-store pool would be, so call it 2% to 3% and that’s predominantly because they are in urban areas with high A+ products. So, they are competing more than our average portfolio against new supply. The expense growth is going to be more elevated too, more in the 4% to 5% range predominantly due to real estate tax issues that are affecting that, but you should have this next year positive NOI somewhere in the 1% to 2% range. So, they will not do as well as our same stores.
Jerry Davis: I will start then these guys can jump in. I think this is just a temporary issue as we go through supply absorption. We have been going through it for the last year or two, but we like these assets. We like the locations and the product type. It’s just the time – it’s a time in the cycle where new supply has come into those more urban submarkets. So, it’s not making us want to flee those assets.
Jerry Davis: Yes, it’s exactly what you said. I think you’re going to see the blend between R&M and personnel. I think we’re going to be able to continually run at either flat to slightly negative, just like we did this year, as we create more efficiency, both on the cost structure as well as the workflow. So, but I would guess as you look forward to next year, you’re going to see R&M probably inch up a little bit higher, but you’re going to see personnel costs come down, even though you’re going to have wage inflation across our markets of 3 plus expense. Our expectation is a natural attrition. We’ll look for opportunities to be more efficient and outsource or centralize. And I think you are going to see the personnel come in probably lower than most of our competitors.
Jerry Davis: Absolutely. I think when you look at common area, electric or gas and the temperatures that are in hallways or other common areas, we definitely have room for improvement there within our company. And I think when you look at that as well as again LED light fixtures, we are looking at solar, I am not sure if we will move forward with that. But we are looking at all kinds of opportunities to reduce any of the cost structure on the business that doesn’t impact our residents.
Jerry Davis: Sure, Haendel. And I would say this that the technology won’t go into ancillary income that will be added as rent growth and when you look at the impact of the smart homes, it’s probably 10 to 15 basis points of our revenue growth this year, but it’s going to be more in the rents. But when you look at the ancillary income again last year it grew at call it, 11.5%. This year like I said we expect it to be high single-digits, although we wouldn’t be surprised if it got back up to low double-digits depending on success of continuation of parking as well as the short-term furnished rentals. So we are still growing that at multiples above what rents are growing. So, while it’s slowing a bit or expected to slow a bit, it’s still going to be a strong contributor. One other avenue that we started getting some traction on last year that we expect to grow this year are renting out to third-parties our common areas that are underutilized frequently, especially during daytime hours, to businesses. Last year, it was a modest contribution of call it $0.5 million. We think that this year is going to at least double and we think it’s a platform that we have started out in the West Coast and it’s moving eastward. So I think there is potential for that to grow. And I will tell you we are constantly looking for additional avenues to grow other income through pieces of our real estate outside of our core apartment units. So, while those are the items that are on the list today, I am confident over the next couple of years, we will continue to reload.
Joe Fisher: Yes, hey, Rich, it’s Joe. Couple of things in terms of what’s driving it this year, obviously, the core growth as well as the joint venture in commercial is contributing to that year-over-year growth number. But as we came through it last year, remember, we had $800 million pipeline on the development side that was really going just into the lease-up phase. So, it kind of came off of cap interest took on full expense load, but we are working up on the occupancy and revenue side. So there is about $0.01 drag last year to our run-rate FFO numbers. This year, we think it’s probably about $0.02 accretive. So you can add a $0.03 swing if you will year-over-year. In addition, if you go to that DCP pipeline, you look at what Harry and team have been able to do on that front in terms of continuing to deploy capital, that’s been accretive for us as well. And then on the financing front, while rates continue to tick higher, we have tried to get out ahead of some of the prepayment and refi activity and lock in lower rates on that front, which has helped us well. So overall, you kind of have core driving $0.08 of it, transaction activity driving around $0.05 and then you have interest coming off $0.02 as well as G&A and the equity raise being about $0.01 each.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, this is Joe. I will probably start it off and then Harry might be able to speak to some of the specific attributes on the asset submarket returns, but overall, with New York, you are right. It is a market that we can look at both Leonard and our 10 Hanover redevelopment. We are looking to get more dollars put to work in that market. While it has lagged of late from a regular standpoint given the supply picture, we are starting to see that come off. New York will be probably a little bit higher next year in terms of supply, but this is not a 1-year trade for us. We are thinking about the next 5 to 10 years. And so while supply has dampened that rent growth, when you look at the underlying economic kind of drivers of that market meaning job growth, income growth, population growth and as well as the diversification of the employment base clearly getting more technology focused and diversifying away from just kind of the fire type of jobs. We think we are setup to see kind of mean reversion on the rent growth over the next 5 to 10 years. So that’s what got us positive on that front. So, I’ll kick it over to Harry, and he can probably talk a little deal specific.
Joe Fisher: Yes. It’s Joe. We did do the DCP deal that we talked about last year, 1300 Fairmount, for around $52 million or so. It is a market we want to continue to gain more exposure to for some of the reasons we’ve talked about in the past. Coming out of NMHC, there’s always plenty of deal flow coming out of that. But we have been looking, not just on the DCP side, but we’re looking at development opportunities there to try to rebuild that pipeline. We’re looking at acquisition opportunities as well. So, to the extent that we can find something that we think is going to be accretive, not just near-term but to longer-term growth, and then also have the ability to lay on the operational platform that Jerry spoke to in his opening remarks and also put in some more initiative penetration, I think there’s an opportunity for the platform to drive outsized revenue growth there as well. So, we are looking. I think the good thing about the equity offering that we did in December, it created a lot of optionally for us around transaction so that we can consider instead of just using dispositions or moving dispositions from the plan, we now have the opportunity to try to figure out how to drive some additional FFO growth for the platform going forward.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Rich. There definitely are other markets that we are actively looking in and trying to deploy capital into. So, I think as you look forward to our actions over the, call it, the next 12, 24 months, you’ll probably see the fruit of those labors. So, I think you’ll see where we’re trying to go. From a sourcing standpoint, yes, there’s markets that may not screen as well for us. But keep in mind, there’s always asset-specific, submarket-specific, tax-specific as well as CapEx reasons that you may want to sell an asset. So, I’d say, our disposition strategy is probably a little bit less focused on the portstrat work. We’ll still use it as a factor, but there are a lot of other factors that come into it, whereas the deployment of focusing personnel resources and capital resources is a lot more focused across the board.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Jeff, this is Joe. Maybe just a couple of other things as it relates to capital allocation, thoughts too, on that front. While we do see positive macroeconomic backdrops, you have seen a lot of activity out of us in the first quarter as well as the intent to kind of rebuild that pipeline on the development side to roughly half of where it’s been most of this cycle. I don’t want you to take away from that, that we are overly bullish or risk-on from a cycle standpoint or that we have adjusted our underwriting or discipline around that by any sense. It’s really just a byproduct of a couple of things. Those being one, timing in that you have seen the two options from Wolff that started back in 2015 coming to fruition. The Union Market land was started 3 years ago, Denver was started over a year ago. So, some of this activity is just simply a byproduct of timing of a lot of these deals coming to a head at once as well as the optionality that we talked about that the equity offering give us to kind of go out there and think about where we can deploy capital that supports the grow rate. So, don’t take our comments on macro and the recent activity to think that we are overly bullish on where we are going and that we are switching to a risk-on posture.
Joe Fisher: Hey, John, this is Joe. Just on the return as web enhancing, that $2,300, that does not take into account these spends for the new platform. So, the spend that Jerry has referred to on that front for the technology spend will be separately categorized from this, and we’ll provide that guidance. You can see back on Attachment 15 where we provide overall guidance for the platform spend of $25 million to $35 million this year. That’s for both the technology spend as well as the smart home spend that he referred to. So that’s going to be separate from this. What we’re trying to show you on Attachment 14 is really the recurring CapEx required for the business to drive that NOI, so that’s what the recurring number should be.
Joe Fisher: Yes, there is a couple of different buckets in there and Harry or Jerry can probably go into some of the details, but the $25 million to $35 million, yes, it’s not a set level that we try to get to each and every year. It’s opportunity-dependent, as those opportunities come along. So, in this case, we talked about Hanover as well as Garrison. That is embedded in this, but that’ll be a multiyear spend. So, it’ll drag over a couple of years. And we’ll provide more disclosure going forward as those deals start about what the total expectations of spend are, the completion dates, et cetera. In addition to those larger type of products – or projects, you’re going to see densification opportunities, unit additions, creative things that we’re trying to do to take advantage of underutilized space, so taking underutilized amenities or garage space. We’re trying to add units into the projects, so that spend will be embedded in it as well.
Joe Fisher: Hey, John. I would honestly say that the GSE reform aspect and our credit rating and desire to move up in credit rating are probably independent of each other as we’ve traditionally been a, unsecured borrower and had very competitive cost to capital on that front as a BBB+. And so, we’ve gone through that whole analysis of if we tried to upgrade on rating, what we’d have to give up in terms of a deleveraging and what the dilution would be to that. And to date, we have not been able to make sense of upgrading and trying to offset that with multiple as we don’t think our multiple has been impaired due to our credit profile. I do think if the GSEs do tend to reform and/or go away, like the important considerations are when you look at us as a public company, like you said, we do have a lot of different sources of capital. In addition, when you look at our asset base, which is a higher quality asset base, which is typically not as levered in the private market, we are probably more insulated as a public company relative to the private market from any impact of the GSEs.
Joe Fisher: Alex, this is Joe. I would say, first off, from a national basis, and it applies to New York as well, when we think about the affordability issues that exist out there, we continue to not believe that further regulations or compression on rents or caps on rents is probably the appropriate path forward to try to get new supply and new affordability out there. So hopefully, we get to a point where we can all work kind of collectively as constituents and get to a better place, but given our desire to be in New York, that’s independent of the rent control issue or rent stabilization issue that’s out there today. We have spent a lot more time thinking about this, going through and looking at the rhetoric that’s out there, some of the commentary as well as looking back at past attempts at regulation to understand where this could potentially go, going forward. I do agree that we’ve seen a couple of comments out there of market-wide rent stabilization talks, mainly from Julia Salazar. But I think most of the other rhetoric out there is really target the rent-stabilized piece. And so, when we look at that, when you kind of look at New York overall, it’s important to keep in mind a couple of facts, which are: 50% of the market is market-based units, where the other 50% is effectively rent-stabilized and a small portion that’s rent control. For our portfolio, pro forma for the Leonard acquisition, we’ll be about 80% market rate and 20% rent-stabilized. So, I do think to the extent that anything happens on the rent-stabilized side, it will stand to benefit the market rate. So, we should see better rent growth, better forward rent growth valuations, just given supply will probably back off a little bit. The other thing for the rent stabilized piece, whether something happens there with better oversight of legal rents, CapEx, rent stabilized or preferential rents, you likely do still have a economic return and probably a lower volatility return. So, it’s something we are focused on, something we are thinking about. We factored it into a downside underwriting for Leonard to try to think about what could be a worst case scenario if we went very draconian and we still thought given the probability of that happening, it made a lot of sense moving forward with that deal.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Haendel, for real estate tax next year, we think it’s probably got to come in somewhere in the 7% to 8% range. If you look at what’s really driving that, Jerry mentioned a couple of the markets already, but specific to 421 and I will expand that to redevelopment impact too from View 34. The 421, we just have 95 Wall in the same-store pool going forward next year. It’s about a $700,000 impact on real estate taxes, which with over $100 million you are kind of in that 70 basis point type of range for impact. In addition, when you look at View 34, the big redevelopment that was completed several years back, the impact of that is flowing through into the valuations and therefore the real estate tax on a 5-year average basis. And so that one has cost us another call it 150 or so basis points on real estate taxes as well. So if you are kind of at 7.5 midpoint, our true unadjusted number is probably more in that kind of 450 to 500 basis point growth range.
Joe Fisher: Yes, across the platform, we really only have two large 421 projects, that’s 95 Wall and then 10 Hanover. As we have talked about in the past, I think last year, it was about $1.3 million. The collective impact this year will be about $1.8 million, and then we actually peak out in 2020 at just over $2 million. So we are actually coming up into the kind of 421 headwind and then it will start ramping down from there.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi, Dan. So when we go through kind of the overall budgeting process, it’s a dual kind of two-legged approach from top down and bottom up. So bottom-up in the field is really based off of what do they see as competitive supply, what are the recent rent trends that they have and what’s going on from a demand side within their market? So that’s really how you get to the midpoint. And of course we overlay what we see coming from an overall top down supply and demand standpoint. We make sure that we feel comfortable with those forecasts as well and work with them on kind of refining it, but then the ranges around it, there isn’t any easy one-to-one type of relationship that you can kind of come up with and say if 50,000 jobs down, here is what it does to revenue because it is so micro-oriented in terms of the submarket adds, etcetera. So we really don’t have math that kind of takes you up and down to the high-end where we can say 170,000 is base case, but if we went to 120,000 here is where it goes.
Harry Alcock: Sure, this is Harry. The property just, first of all, is we think, is very well located in the North Williamsburg area of Brooklyn. It’s a block from McCarren Park. It’s really in an established residential neighborhood, even though the property is only 3, 4 years old. Away from the glut of new supply in downtown Brooklyn and the Williamsburg Waterfront, it really is very difficult to get density in this neighborhood. The property has been fully occupied for 2 years, has a 25-year tax abatement, fully abated until 2036. And you mentioned the L train, when we contracted put this property under agreement, the L train was still supposed to be taken offline entirely. During the due diligence process, you saw the news that there will still be the L line, L train will still continue to run. So, the there is our initial underwriting contemplated the L train stopped entirely. Today, we are well aware of the circumstances which should be positive.
Harry Alcock: And Haendel I am not sure if you, this is Harry, if you were asking about the new acquisition in Brooklyn, but that has a 25-year tax abatement. It’s fully abated until 2036 and then there is a 5-year bleed in.
Harry Alcock: Yes, the DCP deal he is talking about is in Philly. It’s near Temple University, about 25% of the 400 plus units are allocated to co-living and they kind of created a separate little area within the building, within the property to accommodate these. So we will see how that plays out over the next 18 to 24 months as the developer completes construction and we go through lease-up.
