Tom Toomey: Thank you Trent, and welcome to UDR's first quarter 2023 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy who will discuss our results. Senior officers Andrew Cantor and Chris van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, we started 2023 from a position of strength: steady demand from years of housing undersupply in the U.S. cycle-best relative affordability versus alternative housing options and embedded same-store revenue growth that was three times higher than our historical average. Year-to-date results demonstrate this strength. Let me highlight those. One, our first quarter same-store revenue growth of nearly 10% and same-store NOI growth of almost 12% led to year-over-year FFOA per share growth of 9%; two, early second quarter trends across traffic, blended rate growth and collections are in line with our expectations, reinforcing the confidence we have in our business and guidance; and three, our balance sheet is strong and we continue to adhere to capital market signals with our capital-light strategy. Our investment-grade balance sheet and nearly $1 billion of liquidity provide safety during the potential downturn and afford the opportunity to grow the company should our cost of capital improve. Looking ahead, there remains a wide variety of economic scenarios that could play out, but UDR has excelled across a variety of environments over our 50-year history. Our strategy is built around diversification, prudent capital allocation decisions and focusing on what we control to drive relative outperformance within the industry. These include; first, our leading operating platform continues to maximize the value of our communities and deliver a high level of resident satisfaction; second, innovation initiatives are again proving to be a differentiator versus peers and are a positive contributor to our growth profile in 2023 and beyond; and third, our diversified portfolio provides both safety and the ability to allocate capital across a variety of markets and investment opportunities that generate high risk-adjusted returns. Additionally, we benefit from favorable relative setups for the U.S. multifamily industry. Job and income growth have defied expectations and remain positive. Total housing supply is stable and the level of future development starts has started to decline. And relative affordability versus single-family housing is as favorable as it's been in nearly my 22-year tenure at UDR. Taken together, I remain very optimistic on the relative strength of the multifamily industry and UDR's advantages within the industry. We have a strong culture, a talented team, with a robust track record of performance and we continue to invest in our associates and additional technologies. We expect to improve our efficiency, expand our NOI margin and create value for all UDR shareholders and stakeholders. In closing, I thank my fellow associates for your commitment to excellence and innovation, which I'm confident should continue to drive attractive absolute and relative results. With that I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Tom Toomey: Yes, Jeff, this is Toomey. With respect to a recession I mean I think they're all different shapes, forms and how you get out of them, are quite a puzzle to solve through history. But this one strikes me as a capital markets recession, brought on by policy, lending patterns, capital flows. And so that's kind of unusual. Usually, it's followed by a rapid employment outlook change. And we're just not seeing it. And you've seen the first three months of the year probably four, all have positive job growth which is a big driver of our business. So it feels like to us capital markets recession, not impacting the jobs that severely. And if it does, it's going to be localized and we'll adjust accordingly. But it doesn't feel like the normal type of recession that has a heavy employment-based downturn. 
Tom Toomey: Yes, I'll kick it back to Joe. I think Joe highlighted it very earlier in the Q&A with respect to we're always going to look for the deal next door where we can achieve the high level of efficiency and in some cases as Mike has done actually operate assets with no one on site. So whether that's Tampa, Dallas. I think then we go to Chris and his analytics of where we think rents are trending with respect to the next four and 10 years and that's our targeting aspect of it. The good news as Joe also mentioned was we're in 21 markets today, so that gives us a broad range of looking at where we can accretively deploy capital at any given time. And capital-light strategy is a reflection of where we currently trade with respect to our stock price and where we think assets would trade. So when that's not there we turn to our other value creation mechanisms. And you've seen us highlight those over the years from either operations, innovation to DCP to redevelopment, which is probably gaining more steam in our mind these days as we see stabilization and growth prospects in these markets return or accelerate in some cases.
Tom Toomey: Flora, this is Toomey. Just one thing to add to your calculus when you're thinking about this the multifamily industry enjoys the benefit and partnership with the GSEs provide a stable capital flow that helps the transaction market continue to flow the refi market continue to flow. And so there's not this historical just everything's got to be sold and there's no capital so it's vulture time if you will that occurs in the multifamily industry as long as we have the GSE. So it's a unique animal for us and very beneficial through periods like this as I mentioned earlier capital markets recession.
Tom Toomey: And Flora just one data point Toomey again. With respect to the AI chat piece, surprisingly enough it closes better than we thought it would. It's about a 10% higher closing rate on our sales than we've seen through a natural call center-type template. So customers are embracing it so it must be working. 
Tom Toomey: This is Tom again and thank you all for your time interest and support of UDR. We've established ourselves as a full cycle investment that delivers above-average growth and total shareholder return across a variety of macro environments. We remain very enthusiastic about the apartment business and believe our operating capital allocation and innovation advantages should deliver relative outperformance versus peers in 2023 and beyond. . And with that we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT conference in June as well as upcoming individual events. With that take care. 
Joe Fisher: Hey Eric, it's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off and then kick it over to Mike to talk about some of the trends we're seeing down there. But we've talked about seeing a pretty decent increase in supply as it comes to the Sunbelt. I do think our portfolio is a little bit more insulated when you look at supply growth within our submarkets. We have a little bit more of a B quality and suburban price point down there so a little bit more insulation. But overall I think Sunbelt for us has seen about 3.5% of stock. And so while demand has held up relatively well in recent years depending on the macro outlook if that does start to fade a little bit you probably have a little bit more risk there as supply comes on. So Mike can probably give you a little bit more on what we're seeing down there.
Joe Fisher: Eric, it's Joe. It's a good question a good thought. But I'd say when you look at our innovation we've talked a lot about the 60-plus initiatives that we have out there right now that we're focused on $40-plus million that we think will come in at a run rate here in the next couple of years. So for us I think staying focused on what we can control what's going to benefit the consolidated portfolio today and keep rolling out those initiatives I think we want to stay laser-focused on that for the time being. 
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. Yes, first off, I would say, obviously, we've got a great partner in MetLife. It's been a very good long-term partner that we continue to work well with, so no change on that front. Strategically, as we think about joint venture capital, I think we've talked about it in the past on these calls and with investors. I think we've proven out over the last couple of years that we have a value creation mechanism in terms of the operational platform and its ability to add excess NOI margin to new acquisitions. And so, we've proven that out utilizing our own equity, when that's available and priced right. But being a public company, we don't always have that capability. And so, a joint venture would allow us the opportunity to be in the market throughout the cycle to be able to utilize dry powder sourced through a JV through a seed capital, which would come at fairly efficient pricing and be able to go out there and transact in this market and then go lift NOI and cash flow growth. So, it does a number of things for us. You get the cash flow growth on the assets. You, obviously, get fee streams that enhance the incremental ROE on each dollar that we deploy. You're getting scale along the way, as long as we continue to buy that deal next door and keep helping both the consolidated and JV portfolio. So, overall, still strategically have a desire to do that. We continue to advance discussions on that. No update at this time. But on the pricing front, I think, pricing today plus or minus 5% cap rates is kind of where the market has settled in. So I would hope to, if we do have something, be able to source capital at that level.
Joe Fisher: Yes, it's a good question. I guess, as with everything within kind of our diversified platform, it's all things in moderation. So as a percentage of enterprise, we're about 2% of enterprise value within the DCP book. We've talked about a willingness to take that a little bit higher from kind of that $0.5 billion type of number. We have had actually JV discussions around that as well. We think that's an area that could be an opportunity for us to source alternative forms of capital and help expand that book and the ROE on those investments, but also not increase our exposure too materially. So it's an area that we're looking at today. I would say that the book of business available or the pipeline has come off quite a bit. You've seen a lot with, obviously, the regional banks pulling back on overall construction lending. You've seen it become more difficult to line up equity partners for new developments. And so, our DCP book being a byproduct of that has pulled back. And so, little bit less of a pipeline today which for DCP deployment not necessarily a near-term positive, but I think for overall fundamentals and the $1.6 billion of revenue we have, clearly a positive when you start thinking about a smaller supply pipeline going into the second half of 2024 and into 2025, so -- 
Joe Fisher: Yeah. And just to follow-up on that Jamie a couple of comments. We've been asked a few times about kind of cadence of expenses. And so if you go back to 2022, first half of the year was about 4% growth, second half 7%. So we're actually coming up on easier comps when we go into the second half of the year. A lot of that was driven by one, it was very difficult to place personnel in the first half of 2022 given the labor environment so we had a lot more open positions that we're comping against here in the first part of the year. In response to that we did do a lot of midyear raises throughout the portfolio and so we'll be anniversarying against that by the time we get to the second half. Mike mentioned the turnover piece and we started to have more success with long-term delinquents in the second half of the year last year as well as definitely here in the first quarter and I think second quarter so we'll start to see hopefully that mitigate to some degree. And then Mike mentioned the real estate tax insurance piece. Real estate taxes today we generally know about 70% of that number for the year at this point, so don't expect a lot of volatility there. And on the insurance side we do our renewal in mid-December. So premiums are relatively locked in here for most of the rest of the year at kind of a 20-plus percent number. The claims can be volatile. Claims making up about 50% of the insurance number. And so that's why you see insurance in first quarter actually being down on a year-over-year basis. Premiums were up but claims were down 30-plus percent as 2021 and '22 were both running at pretty significantly elevated levels relative to history. So we're starting to see that come back to a more normal run rate.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So clearly, we've been active in the past on buybacks. We did some in the second half of last year. We've done some in the previous years when we get to discount. So I'd say last year was a relatively easier decision given that we had previously issued equity on a forward basis in the first half of 2022 up in the high-50s. And so you had an identified source of capital at a very compelling price i.e. roughly a 4% cap and we're able to buy back stock in the high 5s. If you fast forward to where we're at today, we are in a capital-light strategy. Sources and uses are relatively balanced with a relatively light forward development and debt commitments in terms of maturities. So I feel good on sources and uses. I think we do need to figure out where we would find and where we would price that additional source today if we did want to do a buyback. We talked earlier on the call about exploring joint venture capital. That could potentially create some dry powder for us to deploy and do both operating assets, DCP and potentially buyback. So that would be part of that discussion if and when we ultimately source some capital there. But right now sticking to the capital-light strategy it's something that we'll consider but nothing there in the first quarter. 
Joe Fisher: Yeah. And just maybe some higher-level comments, as it relates to the rest of the portfolio. Just a reminder overall we guided to mid-98% collected for 2023 which is pretty consistent with where we're at in 2022. I'd say we're seeing minimal variability at this point in time to that number. So don't see any downside really don't see a lot of upside. Overtime, we can probably get back to maybe a 99% collected for the portfolio. But going back to the mid-99s, where we used to run is going to be exceedingly difficult just given eviction diversion programs in a lot of our portfolio. So somewhere in the mid-98s is where we're at. We did have a little bit higher write-offs than expected in the first quarter as we've had really good success getting some of those long-term delinquents out of the portfolio. We thought that would have taken a little bit longer throughout this year. And so while it was a little bit of a drag on both sequential and year-over-year revenue growth, we do think it's a tailwind as we go through the rest of this year on both sequential and year-over-year as we keep moving throughout the year on that front. So, overall feeling really good, I mean, when you look at collections in the month as well as in April, March and April are running much higher than they were in 2022 in terms of in-the-month collections. And so between collections getting better, getting new residents in and also as we have some of these Eviction Moratoriums having come off and converting formerly non-paying residents back to paying. We feel really good about where we're tracking in terms of guidance and the bad debt number.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey Juan, it's Joe. I mean, I guess, number one the area that we always have the most conviction is the transaction down the street. So if we can find another property nearby, no matter what market there's, so much efficiencies to gain out of that and additional scale to gain out of that. So we're never going to redline certain markets. We'll always be looking for deal next door. Beyond that if we did have a source of capital that was compelling today. There's, markets in every region that look good. If you go down into the Sunbelt, I'd say, Dallas looks more compelling to us. Even Nashville, even though it has headwinds today from a longer-term perspective you're seeing permit activity come off really dramatically in Nashville at this point in time. So there's, a couple of Sunbelt markets that we like. Out East-Philly's really been on a tear here recently in terms of market rent growth and continues to screen well for us as does D.C. and Boston from a longer-term perspective. And then out West, you look at maybe suburban San Diego. There's interest in Northern California, actually screens well from a quant perspective but you really got to pick and choose your points given the regulatory environment there and certain municipalities. And so that one is a little bit more challenging on the regulatory front. But I think overall there's, a lot of areas that we can pick and choose from. That's one of the benefits of being diversified. So if we do have a cost of capital or source of capital that's compelling that's kind of where we'll look.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Dan, it's Joe, maybe a couple of things to add to that too. Just I know those two markets get a lot of focus given some of the headlines around the tech layoffs. But a number of individuals that are on this call have done some pretty extensive analysis on the warrant notices. We do our own analysis as well on that. And typically you see maybe about 20% of those notices actually reside within California and Washington for those tech layoffs. So it is pretty well dispersed around the country. I think when you look at our blended lease rate activity in those two markets both of those markets actually saw acceleration from 4Q into 1Q. So I think it gives you a sense that the layoffs are pretty diversified. Supply is actually coming down in Northern California. And from what we're seeing on the ground, we're actually seeing pretty good traction.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey Alan, just I'll give some context on that. I mean I think you're right to focus on the near term. We get questions on this leading up of the call as well as last night kind of trying to understand if there's any stress in the system. I'd say number one as mentioned earlier it's only 2% of enterprise value. And when you look on Attachment 11b, clearly fairly well diversified, not just by market but also maturity schedule. And so, we've got a couple of questions on capital stack, so I'll kind of address that here as a part of your question. If you look at the overall capital stack for our DCP book, and I'm going to kick out the portfolio recap deal as well as the Portland deals, which we're also operating recaps, so a little bit different risk profile so just looking at more of the development deals. We've got about a $1.6 billion cost for that development portfolio. There's about $950 million of senior loan, so call it, 60% loan to cost. Our commitment was about $350 million on those deals so 60% to 80% and then you had about $300 million of equity behind us. So a pretty good amount of equity sitting behind us on all those transactions. When you focus on these upcoming maturities, you got one in Philly Santa Monica and Oakland. Those are about $360 million of total cost. When you look at the capital stack within those you've got a senior loan that's about $215 million. You've got commitment from UDR for the portion of about $90 million, and we had about $55 million of equity originally behind us on those. Now we've continued to accrue up our interest income. So our basis today on an accrual basis is a little bit higher than that initial but still pretty sufficient equity behind us. So at this point in time, yeah, we haven't taken any impairment's on those. We are of course starting to have the discussions with our equity partners as well as lenders trying to think through what their plan is in terms of do they want to restructure, do they want to exit through a sale do they simply want to extend with the senior and see what happens on a go-forward basis. So, no stress to speak of right now, but not to say it won't develop over time depend on where refi rates are and fundamentals.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Flora. So yeah I guess to kind of bifurcate distressed comment into two different buckets so there's -- is there a distressed pricing and/or are there distressed equity partners. On the former, I would say no. If you're a seller and you're willing to meet the market at that plus or minus 5% cap rate range we don't think of that as distressed. You're not going to be able to buy a 6% cap in a 5% cap environment. So, if you're a seller that's willing to meet the market in multifamily where you have pretty substantial capital flows it's a preferred asset class. And of course we have the benefits of the GSEs, which are still lending kind of in that high 4% range. We don't think you see distressed pricing. Now, you could of course see equity deals on merchants that maybe got upside down got too far out over their skis in terms of underwriting or how they financed, but that doesn't necessarily lead to distressed pricing. So I don't think that's going to necessarily occur. In terms of the forward pipeline and what's taking place in supply, yes, you're starting to see it in some of the numbers with some of the starts and permit activity for multifamily coming off call it 5% to 10% from peak levels in 2022. I think when you look at broader kind of total housing supply clearly the single-family space haven't come off 30-plus percent and therefore total housing supply coming off about 20%. You are starting to see the impact of that. It's probably not going to flow through until you get into second half of 2024 and then 2025. So it's ways out there. I mentioned earlier within our DCP pipeline just what we're seeing in terms of new deals it's off dramatically which tells you because of what's going on in the regional bank space what's going on with ability to raise equity you're going to start seeing way fewer starts on a go-forward basis. So we do think that's going to be a future tailwind. 
Joe Fisher: We have seen that. We've actually rolled out AI chat text and call across the portfolio over the last 12 months. And so that's already being utilized throughout our portfolio. There are going to be additional opportunities that we think going forward. We've already started to kind of sketching those out in terms of how do you provide the customer kind of individualized responses, how to give them more automated responses but feel like they are addressing their specific questions they understand their specific history, what their issues could be. So there's definitely going to be an opportunity for that in terms of the customer experience and providing them a better customer experience but also from a cost perspective, how to bring our cost structure down. So we are looking at it I think it's pretty early days other than what we've done on the AI chat side. 
Joe Fisher: Yes, Alex good question. That's actually an analysis we go through every single year looking at every single layer, how the layers are being filled in and how pricing is relative to loss history. And so each year we go through that analysis. So when it comes up for renewal again in December, we'll go through that same analysis. I think with capacity having pulled back in the space and despite premiums going higher it really hasn't returned. Some of the profit margins that these insurers are taking are pretty substantial relative to loss history. So it's one of the advantages of obviously being a pretty large diversified company that's well capitalized relative to being a private operator that may not have that capability and has to just take on that premium increase. So it's something we'll be looking at. 
Mike Lacy: Jeff, let me take that. And I think it's important to just give you a few other points, as we think about April. And I want to reiterate, we're on track with our initial guidance. The year is playing out as we expected as a whole. And again, we've said this before guidance assumed 2.5% blends for the year. With our 3.5% in the first quarter, we only need that 2% for the remainder of the year, so just to kind of put that in perspective. As far as regions go, East Coast is still doing extremely well. We're seeing occupancy in that 97% range, blends in the 6% range in both New York and Boston. And then the West Coast, right now is basically in line with our expectations, so we feel pretty good about the West Coast. Right now, Sunbelt is a little bit weaker than we would have expected. Still seeing pretty strong blends coming out of that part of the country, but that's a little bit off from what we originally had for our plan for the year. As far as April goes though, it looks a lot like 1Q. Our blends are in that 3.5% range. We're seeing new lease growth continue to increase month-over-month. Our occupancy is in that 96.6% range, which is comparable to what we had in 1Q. Traffic is picking up based on seasonality, kind of where we expected. And we're sitting right now, with less long-term delinquents than we've had in a very long time. So, we feel pretty good about where our occupancy is today going into the season. 
Mike Lacy: Sure. Thanks for the question, Austin. Still seeing the most growth on the East Coast. And to your point New York, it's coming down a little bit from those highs of 18% 20% blends, but we're still seeing 6% to 8% today. So still strong probably the strongest month-over-month today, followed by -- I would tell you, Boston feels good as well as DC starting to pick up. And then the others are pretty much in line, with where we were in March. New York, specifically, I think they still have a little runway. We're still seeing a lot of traffic come to that market. No concessions to speak of, and with occupancy where it is today close to 98% we feel pretty good about continuing to push. 
Mike Lacy: Sure. Specific to the Bs, we actually have seen a little bit more outperformance. So I would say thinking about blends, probably 70 to 100 basis points more on the Bs today than the As. Occupancy has been relatively stable around that 96.5% to 96.7% both A and B, so not a big difference there. So I'd say right now the price point on Bs is a little bit stronger and that's kind of what we expected for the year.
Mike Lacy: Urban's still doing a little bit better and I would point specifically to places like Boston, D.C. for us today as well as SoMa in San Francisco. Those parts of those markets are doing a little bit better than some of the things on the outskirts. It's not materially different, but urban is a little bit stronger. We do expect that some of the suburban starts to bounce back midyear this year and probably converge to some degree.
Mike Lacy: We feel pretty good in terms of taxes and insurance today. I would tell you more on the controllable front just with what we've seen with turnover you have a little bit of pressure on R&M. That being said, I think we've done a really good job with putting in place our technology around maintenance. We just rolled that out about three weeks ago across the entire portfolio. So we think we've got some things that can help mitigate expenses going forward there. We are starting to roll out more of those unmanned properties, as we move into the season here so that will help mitigate on personnel expense. And A&M costs, typically go with turnover, so if you have more evictions skips things of that nature you could have more attorney fees. But it's minimal. So I'd tell you right now turnover to some degree but we do believe we have it mitigated.
Mike Lacy: It's a good question. I've received a few of those lately. I'd tell you again the West Coast feels pretty much in line with what we expected. And I'll break it down a little bit for you starting with the Pacific Northwest. Seattle for us we're not really utilizing any concessions. That being said market rents have been a little bit weaker than we expected going into the year. Market rents are starting to pick up as of late. And our occupancy is still in that 96.5% range. So Seattle feels good. I think specific to some of our submarkets, Everett, Kirkland places like that, we saw around 10% 11% growth. So we're seeing a little bit more strength out in the suburbs. Bellevue today still relatively strong, no concessions about 5% to 6% growth. So that's the landscape of Seattle. In terms of San Francisco, SoMa is still doing really well for us. We saw almost 14% growth during the quarter and we're still seeing about a two-week concession. That seems pretty average. We've had two weeks for about 18 months now and it's just kind of par for the course if you will. When you start to go down the peninsula, not really offering concessions today. Occupancy is in that 96%, 97% range. And we're still seeing pretty decent blends. So traffic is starting to pick up in San Francisco. Down along the SoCal if you will LA has been very strong for us. This is a 3.5% NOI market, so relatively small and our exposure is mainly limited to Marina del Rey. We've had a lot of success there. Occupancy is in that 97% range, no concessions to speak of and market rents continue to move up. So I feel pretty good about LA. And then Orange County's been just steady as it goes, occupancy 96% to 97%, no concessions. Market rents continue to improve as we move into the seasonal part of the year. So right now SoCal feels pretty good for us.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Great questions what we're sending out today basically through June at this point is in that 5.5% to 6% range. We expect it to stabilize in that range probably over the next few months maybe come down in that 5% to 6% going forward. And then new lease growth – excuse me, continues to move up on a month-over-month basis. So obviously that spread will continue to compress. 
Mike Lacy: That's a good catch. We have seen some of those conversion numbers come down a little bit just with some of the affordability that's down in the Sunbelt. So more cancels and denials. And it's really a product of people searching the market getting an understanding of what's there for new supply what concessions are being offered. So at times we do have more people canceling. But we're still netting out where we need to be. And obviously with our occupancy in that 96.5% to 96.7% range, we're still holding where we need to be. So feel pretty good about it.
Mike Lacy: Yes Dan. Again, we're still seeing healthy growth in the Sunbelt. It's just a little bit off from our original expectations. And we have seen market rents start to move up over the last three or four weeks there. So on a month-over-month basis it continues to improve. It's just a little bit off from again, what we said originally going into the year. 
Mike Lacy: Yes. No, we watch that very closely and we're still right around 13% to 15% exposure in both San Francisco and Seattle as a whole. We haven't seen a lot of people come in and drop off keys because of job-related events. And we continue to see in-migration in those areas. So again, it's not a lot of our exposure today and not seeing a lot of issues if you will. 
Mike Lacy: Sure. The 2Q, when we've referenced 3% that is anchored towards our initial guidance. So, it's still early in the quarter. Again, April looks a lot like 1Q. It all will hinge on what's going on with new lease growth. So again, if we're sending out 5.5% to 6% renewals through the remainder of 2Q, expect to see a little bit of improvement in new growth going into May and then we'll have to see what June has to offer. But today things are trending slightly better than that.
Mike Lacy: I think that's where you see the spread between renewals and new leases. We are taking advantage of it today and we have been probably in the last 18 months or so. Typically we're sending out renewals about $100 to $130 over market. And so that's why you have basically a 5% spread between new lease and renewals today. So we feel like we're aggressively pricing that but also trying to keep in mind retention is a key factor for us and obviously helps drive new lease growth as well.
Mike Lacy: Yes Alan. What I would tell you, it's been kind of more of the same. Similar again, in April we're seeing similar trends. We're still offering concessions in those pockets. It's in San Francisco, parts of D.C., and it's extremely minimal in cases down in the Sunbelt. Right now what I would tell you April, again, looks very similar. I don't expect that we're going to go up more than call it a week per new lease and going forward into the season. Demand is still strong. We still have plenty of visits coming to the property. We're going to continue to balance that. I don't expect concessions to be much of a drag on us.
Mike Lacy: Alex, I think it does go back to East Coast just doing better in general. And where we are seeing pockets of weakness it's more in those urban settings in the Sunbelt because that's where the supply is coming from. So that's why the Bs are outperforming a little bit more down there than we would have expected going into the year. 
