Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Let me start by saying the third quarter was fantastic on all metrics. With 10 months of 2015 complete, four things stand out to me. First, we set out a strategic plan in February and have exceeded it on all fronts. Second, we surpassed our expectations with exceptional operating results which Jerry will outline in his remarks. Third, we were presented with a couple of strategic problem-solving opportunities that we were able to take advantage of. Namely, the $559 million West Coast development joint venture and the $901 million Washington, DC acquisition. These both fell in line with our long-term goals. As they both were accretive to cash flow growth, we were able to issue equity at or above NAV and they were lowered our overall leverage metrics. And lastly, we sold or have under contract $800 million in gross assets, our share of which is $480 million. Let's turn to 2016 and the long-term outlook. As you know, the macro numbers around jobs, household formation, supply, et cetera, look very favorable for the foreseeable future. When we further analyze our specific submarkets and individual community dynamics, we believe that our portfolio of mix of A and B communities in our urban and suburban locations will continue to perform well throughout the cycles. I know the question on your mind of how 2016 looks. Jerry and the entire operating team have been working hard to position UDR for a strong result in 2016. Without giving forward guidance at this point, we expect 2016 revenue growth to be at least as good as 2015, but after eight years of sub-3% expense growth, we do expect pressure from payroll and taxes to lead to expense increases of just over 3%. All-in, with strong operating fundamentals and over $500 million of development in lease-up, we're in good shape to drive cash flow and NAV growth for 2016 and into the future. As promised, we will publish another two-year strategic plan in February 2016 that will outline what we can expect for our shareholders. With that, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all my fellow UDR associates for an extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. We look forward to the remainder of 2015 and to a great 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Jordan, Austin, this is Toomey. What I would add to it is my recollection is SoCal was one of the last areas to enter the recession and one of the last to come out. And so if you look at the recent job growth and supply dynamics, we think it's got a long runway to deliver and we're excited about the Wolff transaction, in particular, because we accelerated a lot of communities and development into lease-up to take advantage of what we think is a very strong market in 2016 and 2017. So we're well-positioned in that marketplace.
Tom Toomey: I would make four or five points on the subject. Just as a reminder, in 2008, we did sell one-third of the company as part of a larger portfolio repositioning because primarily we thought at the time assets were trading well above their replacement cost and as part of that transaction, we declared a special dividend. So we're not afraid of that type of transaction and have executed on it in the past, but today, we don't see that type of repositioning necessary. We've still got very good strong growth from our assets in those marketplaces. Second, I would add that we have a prudent capital allocation process in place. By using asset sales to fund development, we're largely removing any dependency on capital markets for our future growth. And as a reminder, our strategic plan which we continue to outline and update, is focusing on consistent cash flow growth. After you look at these transactions and realize the amount of dilution and how much growth you would have to compensate for in the future, they don't seem to be as penciling out at this time. But we'll continue to monitor the market and see what happens with respect to asset pricing and we're aware of a good action on Bs right now. You can see this last year we sold $800 million, our share, $480 million of them. Then we used those proceeds very accretively to fund our development pipeline. So we've got a good plan, we've outlined it and we'll do it again and we'll see how the market unfolds.
Tom Toomey: Haendel, this is Toomey. I would add this. My quote is revenue for 2016 is at least as good as 2015. And what I would point to, is Jerry and team have been really focused a lot about middle of this year on 2016, by pushing the rents which give us that carry-through. He mentioned in his prepared remarks, 2.75% of revenue is already in the books for next year. We think that trend could continue, but we'll play it out. They have just done an exceptional job of positioning us for 2016, a good number.
Tom Toomey: Seattle? We're happy with Seattle. We've got a good mix of A, B marketplace. We're always looking at shifting some, but it will be so thin on the margin, it probably wouldn't matter in our view.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I take all of these government statistics that come out and wait and see if there's a trend line to develop, if there's not a one-month blip. So you just have to step back and wait and see how that trend and that number gets revised. We took note of it, that we're not feeling it in the marketplace by any measure, don't see it as a trend line, but we'll be cognizant of it and keep it in our view going forward.
Tom Toomey: Rich, it's always a tough question when you look at falling off the cliff in San Francisco, is that the earthquake comes and gets it or just the marketplace.
Tom Toomey: The marketplace, I believe it's a center for technology innovation. It's a gateway to Asia. It's a long-term dynamic city that has long-term growth prospects. And I'm prepared to weather the storm that inevitably will happen, that will cause it to take a turn-down and anticipate that through its innovation, its capital formation that it's a long-term vibrant mark and it's sure in heck hard to get real estate there, that's our overall portfolio strategy. We understand that markets will come and go, that situations like oil and gas that are going through right now are not long-term enduring situations. They are short-term blips. And we want to have a portfolio that's diversified to weather those storms and we've done it both in market diversification and product diversification and we'll continue that path and think it's the right one for long-term cash flow growth.
Tom Toomey: The posture in DC was to defend. We did take some assets that we thought would have a harder time in recovery and pulled those up and moved on. And again, as you outlined earlier in the call, we think we're a little overweight, DC, but we think the inevitable recovery that arrives probably in 2017, 2018 window will represent a good time to pull some capital out of that marketplace and there will be other opportunities and other markets for us to redeploy those or we'll just pull them up and use them for our development pipeline.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you all for your interest in UDR and for your time on the call today. Just let me close by saying it was a fantastic quarter, that we're doing a very good job of executing on our strategic out plan. We've exceeded all of those metrics. We're certainly positioning ourselves for a strong 2016 and beyond. You'll see more of that plan come February and we'll be seeing most of you, I believe, at NAREIT in a couple of weeks and look forward to some more Q&A there. With that, take care.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. It's basically similar job growth to this year. Call it 200,000 to 250,000 jobs per month. Nationally, when we look at how that affects our core markets, it would be down just modestly from about 870,000 jobs to 856,000 jobs in our markets. When you look at supply, it's looking for deliveries in 2016, 320,00, 325,000 jobs next year. But once again, when you look at our core markets, it's coming down about 20,000 -- I'm sorry -- not jobs, deliveries. It's coming down about 20,000 from what we experienced in 2015.
Jerry Davis: Sure. We've been looking at package deliveries, honestly, for a couple of years and been trying to find a solution that the carriers will be accepting of, as well as what will be best for our residents. And we think we found a few package locker systems that seem to work for us. To date, we've tested between eight and 10. Just about a month ago we ordered an additional 20 package locker systems. When we look at it and there have been studies done on this, a person can handle about 15 packages per hour, so the way we've looked at it, our average resident probably gets between four and six packages a month. You're going to save, 300 to, call it, 500 hours on average at a property per year in efficiency. We think our people are going to be able to take that time and either do a better job performing services or they will be able to tend to prospective residents better because the time that current residents were coming in to get their packages which are after work and weekends, is the same time our leasing office is most busy with prospective residents. The other thing we see is a huge benefit, especially in our garden communities that we don't have a front door, is our residents are going to have 24/7 access.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. You're right. DC did decelerate slightly to 1.6% growth. Overall, though, we feel DC is stable and this year it will come in about a 1.5% to 2% revenue growth. As I look in the current -- as of today, my market rents are up 2.7% from where they were last October, so that's encouraging for growth in the future. A couple other things that I would think are worth noting. A few years ago, we talked about the differential between A and B product. In DC and probably two years ago, that difference was 600 to 700 basis points, where Bs were probably producing 3%, 3.5% revenue growth and As were negative 3.5%. Today, that has compressed down to about 50 basis points. So As are just 50 basis points behind B. A lot of our inside the Beltway is doing as well as outside the Beltway. Areas of new supply that have affected us, particularly at our Arlington properties are the new supplies happening in Crystal City, Rosslyn-Ballston and Potomac Yard. When I look at the 14th Street Corridor and we've got four assets in that Thomas Circle, Logan Circle area, we're seeing revenue growth that's approaching 3% there, so that is strengthening. But overall, DC feels pretty stable. The last thing I would add that probably had a modest effect on our deceleration this year is our DC team was spending quite a bit of time over the summer preparing to ensure a smooth transition of the six Home properties. That transition has paid off, as we took over those assets about three weeks ago and things are going well. And then as we look into 2015, again, our expectation is revenue growth at UDR for the DC portfolio will be just under 2% and as we look further out to 2016, it's going to go up modestly, call it mid-2%s.
Jerry Davis: Sure, Ian. This is Jerry again. First thing, I would start off is remind you our LA portfolio is almost entirely concentrated in Marina Del Rey. We only have four assets in our same-store pool. One is in La Mirada, but the other three are in Marina Del Rey. What's really driving it is two things. About two years ago, up through about a year ago, you had a surge of new supply that was hitting Playa Vista and that was putting supply pressure on our Marina product. And that was being built really in anticipation of all the tech jobs that were coming to Silicon Beach, the area between Santa Monica and Playa Vista. Those jobs are now coming in and it's companies like Facebook, Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Snapchat, YouTube, Twitter, Uber. So as these jobs come in, it's really driving demand extraordinarily in that Los Angeles submarket of Marina Del Rey and that's what's really propelling our growth. You look back to first quarter of this year, our growth was only 3.8%. In second quarter, it got up to 6%. In this quarter, it was well over 8%. Our expectation is it's going to go a bit higher than even what we did in third quarter, in fourth quarter. LA, honestly, for our same-store portfolio is one of the markets I'm most excited about for 2016 and it's being driven by that job creation in Playa Vista, Venice and that submarket. As you get more into Downtown LA, we have the one asset that we owned with MetLife. That area is feeling quite a bit of new supply and the growth there is not nearly at the level that our portfolio is. So I wouldn't read into LA in general, based on what our results are, because ours are focused on that one submarket.
Jerry Davis: First I would say, in Denver, we don't have any same-store properties, so we're not counting on anything from there. When we look at the entire portfolio, we see a few things happening. Probably there are two or three markets that we're penciling in that will most likely decelerate next year. First is NorCal, that's probably based more on our aversion to [indiscernible] than anything else. If I had to guess on any one market that I would presume would beat -- could beat my plan next year, it would probably be NorCal, because I don't see the fundamentals really coming down. You just don't think it can continue to pop at 10% growth. And I'll give you an example. Last year we thought the same thing. In the month of October, my in-place rents are 4% higher than I budgeted a year ago, so I thought it was going to happen last year. It didn't. It surprised. But we're counting on it to come down a bit, but it would still be our best market next year. The other markets that I see probably decelerating some next year are the two Texas markets, Dallas and Austin and that's really just supply-driven. We're starting to feel it already in Austin, especially our A product is starting to feel it more than it has because job growth was keeping up. Right now, job growth is still good, but the supply is hitting us. Dallas, pressures in uptown, as well as up in Plano-Frisco, are hitting us in some of our assets. Our B product, especially in the Addison area, are doing phenomenally well, very high single digits. But when you get down to Uptown, currently we're seeing about 3% growth. Don't see that improving a lot next year because of new supply. SoCal, as I stated earlier, very bullish on LA, at least our portfolio there. Orange County's going to hang in there and probably be slightly above average and do at least as well as it did this year. When I look at Seattle, you brought up Bellevue. There is new apartment supply coming there. There have been some jobs that have, like Expedia, that have gone over to the west side in Seattle, but an article came out yesterday about Salesforce just rented 75,000 square foot of office space that they will put 500 people in. That office location is directly across from our Met JV and it's about two blocks from our Elements communities. So we're feeling a little better today than we probably were a week ago about Bellevue. But the B product in Seattle is going to hold up very well. We're probably about 30% to 40% of the properties we have in Seattle are B. So we're optimistic about that. Boston, you brought that one up. Honestly, we've been pleasantly surprised this year. As I look at which one of our markets today is doing, again, better than I would have expected, Boston's picking up steam. We usually see a turndown. We moved some lease expirations from fourth quarter into third quarter, but it's allowed us to maintain occupancy where today it's 97%. My year-over-year market rent growth in my four same-store Boston properties is up 8.4% October versus October. And today, I've got a loss-to-lease of 3.1% in Boston. That compares to 0.3% last year. So Boston honestly doesn't feel that bad to me. So I look at those and the other two that honestly are probably going to do as well, if not a bit better next year, are the two Florida markets. Orlando has been surging and Tampa is not far behind it. The Mid-Atlantic, it's still going to be tough. It will be our worst performers, as I said earlier. DC is going to perk up a hair to mid-2%s. Baltimore, Richmond, we're not quite as optimistic there. It will stay below average. But overall, again, the Texases and NorCal would be the ones that I see coming down a bit, SoCal is going up, Florida's probably going up and the rest of them are about the same.
Jerry Davis: Actually, in our supplement, on page 11, at the beginning of the year, it will be full-year, Los Alisos which is Mission Viejo, enters in first quarter; Waterscape; and then also View 34, the old Rivergate property in Manhattan.
Jerry Davis: Haendel, we sold two assets in Seattle at the end of last year that were more in the Tacoma market. I agree with Tooney. We like the portfolio. We've got a decent mix of a couple of Bs to go with some urban As that are both in Bellevue and we're going to increase our exposure with the Wolff transaction down in South Lake Union. But Seattle is a market we're all pretty optimistic about, mid- and long-term.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. I'll start and Herzog may jump in. He mentioned the 421-a real estate program that has started to affect us this year and it will affect us a little more next year. So a big part of it's real estate taxes. So when you look at what are the two components that we currently forecast would be north of the 3% growth rate, one's going to be real estate taxes which today our expectation, including the 421-as, is going to be north of 7%. When you factor in the impact in the Sunbelt markets, the positive real estate tax refunds that we got this year in the 421 programs at 95 Wall and 10 Hanover, that's about where it gets to. The other one that we anticipate putting some pressure on us is wage growth. In our markets, we've currently penciled in for it to be 4% in personnel growth.
Jerry Davis: We think there's still initiatives that we've been working on for the last few years, that there's still a ways to go. This year, it will probably be very slightly positive. Next year, I still think it will be under an inflationary range and we're going to continue to find efficiencies with our maintenance teams to bring even more work in-house. So I don't think we're quite done with those initiatives yet.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry again. Harry may jump in after me if I leave anything out. When you look at that portfolio, there's three assets that are newly developed, less than four to five years old, the two in Silver Springs, one in Alexandria that really need next to no work done on them. Home did a good job redeveloping Arbor Park. That one needs very little. The other two, Newport Village and The Courts at Dulles, are probably where we'll focus most of our efforts over the next year or two. They both would benefit from some level of kitchen and bath upgrade. There's a bit of deferred maintenance and there's some touch-up we can do on the amenities at both of those properties.
Jerry Davis: It's going to go up 100 to 200 basis points from where it is this year. Last year, it was 51%. This year, it will probably be a hair over that. Next year, I got to believe it's going to go up another 100, 150 basis points, as we start hitting some people with affordability issues and they are going to move out because of rent increase. We've seen that inch up a bit. I don't see move-outs related to home purchase rising. We've seen move-outs because of money problems or skips and evictions, actually come down. So really the only category we've seen in some markets is some people are getting priced out of the community they live in today and they are having to move down a step. As we've seen this happen, we've been able to maintain occupancy levels in that 96.5%, so reload period is short. We've been able to take the number of days a units sits vacant down between 20 and 21 days from -- when we started looking at that three years ago, it was at 26 days. So turnover is going to again go up 100 to 200 basis points.
Jerry Davis: The loss-to-lease on that right now is 5%. The year-over-year market rent growth in that LA portfolio and it includes one small asset in La Mirada, but this is predominantly the Marina Del Rey, but year-over-year revenue, rent growth is 9.2%. And the most current new and renewal growth in LA is news, we've achieved in October 8.8% and renewals are in October 7.2%.
Jerry Davis: I would agree with Harry. As we've looked at that market and the product we're going to deliver, we think we compete well. Probably the most encouraging thing, you talked about the supply, but the jobs that are coming, that are within a 5 to 10 minute walk over the next several years, are going to provide plenty of residents for all of us to do well.
Jerry Davis: It was a freak accident. There was an automobile accident, if you will, in the garage structure that set off the sprinkler system that affected the pressure on the sand pipe. It wasn't maintenance. It was created due to an accident.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Our portfolio allocation in terms of development, our general plan is to have a diversified portfolio. So we have an asset in Boston that we're just stabilizing. We expect to start our 345 Harrison land site that we acquired last year for $32 million and that will be nearly 600 units and upwards of $300 million-plus. We have an asset in DC that we're just completing and so we generally would expect to start another project in DC sometime in the relatively near future. In terms of California, we're relatively heavily weighted in California from a development perspective. We're going to have several of these assets running through the completion and lease-up phase in 2016 and into 2017 and so naturally our development exposure to Southern California will lighten up and then we'll look to backfill in the ordinary course.
Harry Alcock: Sure. This is Harry. The cap rates on the four Virginia beach sales are going to be somewhere in the high 6%s, around 7%. That includes a 2.75% management fee and $1,100 per unit in CapEx. The Huntington Beach deal will be just under 5% and the fixed asset will be in the high 5%s, the Oxnard asset.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Like all of us, we're constantly in the market having general conversations about market pricing. If an opportunity arose where we could predictably capture that spread between a condo user in changing the use at an extraordinary low cap rate and reinvest those proceeds in a core market on an accretive basis, we would certainly consider that. Right now, we haven't seen any of those opportunities materialize.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry again. Steele Creek and Wolff are two relatively similar transactions that we've completed over the past 12 months. We're in the market looking at those types of opportunities. We don't have anything specific to talk about, but if those same types of opportunities materialized, we certainly would be interested in doing another one.
Harry Alcock: I'll start and Jerry may add if I miss something, but in Rincon Hill, there's over 4 million square feet of office that's either active or under construction. There are some multi-family projects high end that are coming online, some of which are in lease-up now and others that will be in line over the course of the next 12 months. It's our expectation that, that is an extremely strong submarket within San Francisco for rental product, given the enormous amount of job growth in high-paying jobs, so at this point, we're not concerned about that submarket.
