Harry Alcock: We've got $400 million to $600 million in our guidance. And we're going to sort of pursue what we believe to be the appropriate disposition strategy, which may or may not include a portfolio sale. In terms of whether there is a premium, I think, my guess is portfolios would trade today at pricing that's roughly equivalent that the pricing we will get on a one-off basis.
Harry Alcock: Sure, that's going to be 2012 NOI. It's going to have a reasonable management fee and they are up about 3%, and 500 unit to 600 unit in CapEx.
Harry Alcock: We're in the market on a regular basis and as you know acquisitions are sort of opportunistic by nature. To the extent we find transactions that we feel good about, we certainly will be willing to pull the trigger as we did in '11. I mean, if you remember when we started '11, we didn't expect to complete the level of activity that we did, but again on an opportunistic basis we're in the market we find deals that we ended up closing.
Harry Alcock: With respect to construction cost, I think construction activity just in general the levels remained weak by historical standards. There have been some upward pressure on commodity and material prices. In general, construction prices have increased moderately, perhaps 3% or so. So I think that answers part one. In terms of part two, the types of markets, there are a couple of different things. One, many of the projects that are in our guidance for 2012, we either have approvals or are near the point where we can put shovel in ground. And in terms of those where we are sort of starting from scratch and working through a new entitlement process, we haven't noticed any particular slowdown in terms of the processing time for these types of deals. A lot of the markets that we're building in, inevitably have longer approval or lead time process, just given the types of markets that they are in.
Harry Alcock: With respect to the New York City tax abatement. We have tax abatements that range from 10 years, to all the way up to 20 years. So, we will see that the abatement fades out over the course of the 20 years. So it's a long time. 2013 or 2014 is the first year where we'll get sort of the partial burn-off of any component of the abatement.
Harry Alcock: I don't know what the exact amount impact is, but it's sort of the first 20% of one of the properties they've waived in first half. So, it's not going to be any ruling sort of for it.
Harry Alcock: The markets are going to be our non-core tertiary markets, and by and large we didn't give any specific guidance, but that will give you sense as to what we're talking about. In terms of the timing, we've got a couple of deals tied up now that it could close in the first three or four months of the year. I think we expect most of the balance to close in the first half of the year. It could be some inevitably that they carry into the second half. But generally, the disposition should be relatively front-loaded.
Harry Alcock: In terms of acquisition cap rates for the core products that we've been looking at, my general assumption is that the cap rates will be relatively stable throughout the year. These types of assets are influenced significantly by changes in interest rates if buyers tend not to capitalize purchase with nearly as much debt. In terms of the non-core product perhaps that we're selling, again, I think cap rates are probably going to move generally sideways and interest rates remain low. Buyers are still underwriting sort of properties with good fundamentals and expect cap rates to remain generally low.
Harry Alcock: In terms of the characterization of the properties that we're selling in 2012, a majority of the properties will be our, call it, the non-core assets in these tertiary markets that the age will vary, but it will not be weighted in any particular way towards newer assets. So, inevitably there will be some in those sales. In terms of newer versus older, it depends on so many things, including whether there's a rehab component in terms of the quality of the sub market et cetera. I mean, in general, particularly new assets will trade at lower cap rates than older assets, but it gets a little hard to generalize because you have to look at sort of the really micro aspects of the deal on a property by property basis.
Tom Toomey: I had to add that in a portfolio you could probably control the timing and minimize the risk a little bit, the portfolio transaction versus one-off market.
Tom Toomey: Karin, it's a good question. I don't think anybody really has clarity in an election year about where the GSEs are going to settle out. There's certainly a lot of noise surrounding it and a lot of people are going to say things to try to garner votes. So I'm not certain that it's going to settle itself out in '12, but it's certainly going to impact our business in '13 as a new congress is seated and undertakes what to do with the management of the GSEs, both from a rate standpoint as well as an asset standpoint. So it's just one of the things that on the horizon it's going to loom larger and larger in our calculus of risk as well as opportunities. Today, we're not seeing anything impacting our business. The GSEs are open. The rates are attractive, and we think we are going to take advantage of that window by moving a lot of our portfolio into the sales window, and take advantage of that interest rate environment on the sales front.
Tom Toomey: I think it's a long-term directional goal. And I'm not really set on a set of numbers or specific metrics. When I look at the balance sheet today, I look at a laddered maturity schedule that feels very good and overall cost of debt inside of 4.2%. And look at the financial flexibility of the enterprise, I think we're right about average on most metrics and above average on debt-to-EBITDA. But overtime, I think we'll just drive that down. David mentioned in his remarks about the progress we've made over the last couple of years. I don't think we'll try to do some big transaction, if you will, to fix it overnight. I think we'll going to continue to make slow steady progress on that front. And we think that's a prudent balance when managing a balance sheet.
Tom Toomey: I think when we looked at the beginning of 2011 and we're formulating that game plan about what to do. We thought it was a great window of opportunity to buy that most people were not in the market, trying to buy the caliber of assets, and we think we've been rewarded by finding unique opportunities in that window. And Jerry and his team have delivered on those pro-forma, they've not exceeded them. And that's why we are aggressive in our guidance at the beginning of '11 related to acquisitions. As we start out in '12, our intentions turn more to what do we think the pricing of assets are for the sale side of the equations. And we're going to move more towards that initially at the year and I think we'll have success on the sales front. On the acquisition, we are continuing to look at the marketplace. It's hard for us to forecast and really see significant number of opportunities at this point, so we elected really to say, we'll look at it as they come up and weigh each of them individually. And again, look at them in light of what do we think we can do to improve the quality of the asset, garner better return out of it. And that's kind of our attitude right now about '12 acquisitions.
Tom Toomey: Yes, Mike, that's currently the plan. And you can see that pretty much they match up at this present time, and the walk-forward that David provided in his comments. We've got about $500 million in development and redevelopment spend plan for the year. And Harry is out marketing a number of communities and we gave guidance of $400 million to $600 million on the sales front.
Tom Toomey: It's very hard for us to forecast our joint venture partner's appetite or success rate on acquisitions. If they come to the market certainly we'll be telling you about them and fund them accordingly.
Tom Toomey: Derek, that's a very, very thoughtful question. And one that the management and the Board have undertaken as part of our strategic plan and review in 2012 is to revisit the size and shape of the enterprise. So we'll probably be able to give you more color later in the year on the subject. But it's certainly one that we feel good about getting into what turns out to be a $10 billion enterprise and managing $4 billion of JVs. So certainly, we have the management talent and scale to manage a larger enterprise. But how big and where is that right balance is something that we're just undertaking this year.
Tom Toomey: Couple of parts in that Alex. First, management and the Board weighed what our growth prospects were going into '12 and beyond in setting the new dividend, and feel comfortable that the level we've set. There is no taxable event or structuring needed at the end of the year to increase the dividend to ensure that we met both, the taxable minimum or to not become a tax payer if you will? So that's aspect.
Tom Toomey: On the Florida, Alex, I can see your point. I would tell you that we will appeal anything we can, but right now what the consensus are showing is that heavy growth in Florida, as well as, again, the Virginian team. It's not surprising that D.C. and Baltimore pushed up ahead just like you said, because they were the first to rebound that didn't drop this far. Florida, over the past couple of years to municipalities have really have really come after us more on water rates than anything else, and it seems like their strategy this year is get more tax.
Tom Toomey: Rob, I don't have the door counts, but with respect to value, we look at it and say it's somewhere between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion. And if you look at where I and we as the management team size it, that's equivalent to about where we are in the development pipeline. And so our strategy over time is to sell assets and redeployment the new development and the development pipeline of '12 is over the next three years, that's kind of our horizon to dispose of that. Now, there will be some dilution as it relates to, we'll probably sell before the asset come online and stabilize, but we think that' a good prudent way to fund the development activities.
Tom Toomey: Rob, the vast majority are in tertiary markets that we'll probably exit, and I wouldn't see us joint venturing those. I would just see a whole effort to sell them. And we think the market is good for that today. I mean this capital environment as well as debt environment is very conducive to creating a wide range of auctions and a number of players to expose the assets to. So, I'm very comfortable with our ability to execute the sales at attractive prices.
Tom Toomey: There is couple of different questions inside of it, Rich. I mean, certainly for us, any offer that we receive for any asset is always considered. And if we were to receive an offer of substance and size for a particular portfolio or region, there's no question we would weigh it. If it's in our long-term plan to dispose of it. And so that's kind of part of what Harry and the entire acquisition and disposition team is doing, is exposing a lot to the market and see what we get. So, we are not afraid of selling assets. And as you recall in 2007 and 2008, we sold 25,000 apartment homes and about a third of the enterprise because we thought it was a great time to unload those assets and it turned out to be very fortuitous and in the sense that we headed just about the right window.
Tom Toomey: Well, the first thing you're testing is my memory which over the year is saved but on the long-term aspect of looking at it, if we've asked ourselves several times and looking at that transaction that we would have sold more. And what we really thought about when we sized it and shaped it, was both the element of where we would go with the dividend and the coverage of the dividend as well as asset pricing. And it turns out we've got it about half right. We had the right asset pricing, right window to sell but the truth is we didn't forecast the economy dropping as perceived those we did. And ultimately a year later we had to cut the dividend. And I don't regret the decision. Florida at the time we thought would weather a better storm. We thought there was some more value to wrung out. And the truth is here we are five years later and Florida is still has not bounced back. And I think we'll probably see some of our asset dispositions in the Florida this cycle.
Tom Toomey: Well, in the case of Met, I can't really speak on behalf of Met with respect to their goals and aspirations and pricing. What we have is a very good working relationship. And we talk about individual communities and portfolios that are in the market today as well as may come to the market. And I think they are very astute buyers of real estate. And they'll have their own sense of price, we'll have ours and we'll compare in those. But I would say that their overall tenure is towards growing their multi-family platform.
Tom Toomey: Well, I think they are obviously, sure we are compliant, and they are very proud/compliant investor and prudent. They've been investing in United States for many, many years, and they have been successful at it. So, we find them very engaging, thoughtful, and a very strategic partner to have.
Tom Toomey: Hey Tom, this is Dave. I think that when we look at future acquisitions and whenever there is an additional need that arises, we look at all sources of capital, and determine at that time what is best for pricing, what is best for long-term growth of the enterprise, and so there may be points in time where unsecured offerings make more sense, while there will be other times where we're going to fund more with equity than we would with debt. From an unsecured standpoint, we're looking to continue to bring down our secured leverage and you've seen us access the unsecured markets more frequently than the secured. Unsecured basis we're probably around 4% type number on 10-year paper, and equity is what is trading at today. I think we've been pretty vocal in saying that we would fund more of the acquisitions with equity and debt and that we also always have the opportunity to look at the wide array of capital market, I guess products that are out there; being an investment-grade rated company.
Tom Toomey: Mark, this is Toomey. There's probably a mismatch. I think the sales will probably be more frontloaded, the development dollars will be even throughout the year. And realize that the development dollars are going to assets under construction. So there inherently is no cash flow coming back from that constructing activity. So that's a big part of the dilution we are taking in the short run. But in the long-run, the caliber of assets, the growth rate of new asset and the market composition of them should far and exceed the assets that we are selling. So that's kind of our plan for '12.
Tom Toomey: You hit it on the head. A lot of it is, it's a different portfolio than we've had for the last couple of years, and whether it's a high rise or a mid rise, you have a lot of systems that cost more than a basic garden community to take care of, as well as the common areas, the amenity base when people are paying rents that are in New York, up in the $3,000 to $4,500 range, the upkeep is more timely. So, most of it is due to the change in the portfolio.
Tom Toomey: Well, I thank all of you for your time this morning. And as you can tell, 2011 was a very, very good year for UDR. And that we accomplished many of our strategic goals. And as we look at 2012, we feel very good about the business on the ground from an operating and from an opportunity standpoint. And I believe that we will advantage of those as they present themselves. We have a very good sound management group, execution team on the ground. And it's reflected both in our guidance as well as our increasing of our dividend. So, we think we're off to a great start in '12 and looking forward to it. With that, we'll close and thank you for your time again.
David Messenger: A couple of items on the G&A front impacting the 2011 versus 2012. We made several restructuring changes over the past couple of years and you're starting to see the effects of. Our technology efforts have been solely focused on our operating platform and we made significant strides at the corporate level as well. Our portfolio composition is a positive for us. It's significantly easier or more efficient to manage $300 million assets in one location and 10 $30 million assets elsewhere. And additionally, we have increased our development and redevelopment pipelines, which have moved some of the people from our G&A forces into that segment of our business.
David Messenger: When looking at Q4 versus Q3, couple I know is going to jump out. First, we had an extremely busy year in the first nine months, first three quarters and a significant portion of our acquisition's debt, equity and sales marketing efforts were undertaken and completed. So accordingly the bulk of the incentive comp for the company was accrued during that timeframe, so there was really a little that had to be accrued in the fourth quarter. We had several severance contracts and consulting contracts went up in the third quarter that weren't present in the fourth quarter. And then getting to your second point, we also started capitalizing more of the costs in the fourth quarter to our development and redevelopment pipeline, as those have started to take shape and have nearly doubled over the course of the last year or so. I'll have to get back to you on an exact number for capitalizing costs, so we haven't previously disclosed that.
David Messenger: The increase in the dividend for 2012 compared to 2011, there is 10% from $0.80 to $0.88. The change we made really this time was to make sure we're paying it out quarterly versus the staggered payouts that we did during 2011 of the $0.185 and $0.20 and $0.215. But the Board looks at this, management looks at this dividend, and always considers taxable income and cash flow of the enterprise, and so the 10% increase on a year-over-year basis to $0.88 per share was appropriate.
David Messenger: With regard to where we are with the dividend compared to taxable income, we have not disclosed what our taxable income per share amount is.
David Messenger: Everything that's in the same-store pool in the fourth quarter then goes into your 2012 year-to-date same-store pool. So, I don't think I'll a full year of comparison. And then we've got an additional attachment in the attachment seven that disclose each quarter as to when each asset will roll into the same-store bucket. So that way you can roll your quarter numbers. But I think where it was, we're getting hung up on this. And so we can take it offline is difference in the quarter pool and the year-to-date pool.
David Messenger: On the disposition guidance, we don't have any additional equity in our guidance numbers other than the shares issued to the ATM in January that were disclosed.
Jerry Davis: I can tell you, you're right, our midpoint is 5.5%, 4Q it's 5.3% and for the year it was 4.1%. So we do expect 2012 to have better revenue growth than last year. Our expectation is somewhere in the middle of the year. It's probably going to be at its higher points and then it will tail off a little bit at the end of the year. When you look at the markets, I don't think it's going to be a surprise from what anybody else has been saying. But the strongest markets will be on the West Coast spearheaded by San Francisco. The Texas markets will also do well. We do expect Southern California to be an above average market for us this year. And if I had to differentiate between several markets down in Southern California, I would tell you, I think Orange County and LA will do better than San Diego and the Inland Empire. And then our weaker markets, we expect Florida to still be below average for us. And we think Washington D.C. will be a little bit below average for us this year.
Jerry Davis: The MetLife portfolio, I don't have the fourth quarter numbers with me. But I can tell you for the year, we exceeded our budget that we underwrote that deal at by 12% and it did pick up steam later in the year. We would expect in 2012 for those MetLife properties to do better than our same-store pool still because there continues to be more opportunities for revenue growth, whether it's continued concession burn off or just rent growth. And as far as D.C., I would tell you we're looking at D.C. probably in the 4.5% to 5% range for revenue growth this next year.
Jerry Davis: Sure. A large portion of the portfolio in California were at the 2% for Prop 13, but when you look at it when did throughout the portfolio, it's up in the roughly 5% to 5.5% range. Most of the pressure is coming from Virginia as well as Florida.
Jerry Davis: In the fourth quarter the spreads, like you said, was 300 basis points. And the markets where you really saw the larger spreads were predominantly San Francisco, Seattle. The markets where you didn't see as much of a spread tended to be more in the Washington D.C. area, because new supply has affected our downtown inside the Beltway markets and outside the Beltway did better and that's where our B product is located. So those would be the two outliers whether it's the best door or worse. And how large of a spread do I think that will get to be? It's hard to tell. I could see it getting a little bit more, but probably not markedly.
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, it varies really by submarket within Manhattan. When you look at the two deals we have done with Financial District, roughly 50% of our residents are in the financial industry. As you go to Rivergate which is Murray Hill, Chelsea and then up to Columbus Square, it's more in the 15% to 25% range.
