Thomas W. Toomey: Tony, to be clear we didn’t buy anything until April of this year and so in underwriting historical numbers we didn’t really go back all the way through the last 10 to 15 years to see where the troughs were and the impact. But it’s clear from our value add that we’re getting in rent increases better than 12% and in some cases up to 15% and that’s primarily what we identified in the underwriting and so we’re exceeding our pro forms on those.
Thomas W. Toomey: One thing I’d add is I think in my prepared remarks if Jerry were not to increase rent anymore than he already has in terms of market and if occupancies were to stay flat, you’d be embedded somewhere around 4.5% revenue growth next year. Obviously, we’re not standing still and obviously we think fundamentals are strong and we like to be able to beat that number. It’s just saying as a floor, if you would, under that premise next year and that it’s only to the upside is where we’re looking.
Thomas W. Toomey: Our underwriting, which we’ve discussed in prior years is first you have to undertake the effort to bring the asset to market. So if we think the asset is on our books at $10 million but truly we can sell it at $20, we calculate our return assuming the $20 and our return expectations for the redevelopment pipeline are generally probably going to be 7.5 if you take out that step of the market value, you’re probably more in the nine range.
Thomas W. Toomey: That’s correct as well as I would add the Met joint venture which has 10 sites remaining and we’re out examining those right as we speak and I would suspect over the next year that some of those will be undertaken.
Thomas W. Toomey: One thing that [came] to me to add to the expense front here and I’m going to take a little bit and pat Jerry on the back and his team. We look at the long term trend of expenses, and you can have short swings but the truth is over the last five years he’s grown expenses on average under 1% in each of the last five years. And certainly I think a lot of that is people, a lot of it is technology and just better but the end is what it does is lead us to a better margin and we’ve crossed back over 66 and if you add in the non-matures I think the margin gets to 68%. People lose sight of, sometimes that in the real estate field, it’s a big metric to us especially when we go and look at acquisitions and if we say we’re running down the street at 68% or 69% margin and the existing operator is running at 62% we know we can get that margin over time. So it’s an important metric to start thinking about. 
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, I think one of the biggest fronts here is our open and you’re going to see as we probably move through this slide in home ownership is retention. If we can figure out how to unlock more and more of this turnover and bring it down with an average turn cost of $2,000 we could potentially cap for a great deal of upside in that area. On the new technology front, how you procure a customer, we’ve all made the first frontier which is to get into pricing technology.  The question now is how to identify to spend the right marketing dollars on the right customer, so to work backwards on your channeling of marketing dollars to get the high probability tenants who is going to stay there for long periods of time. I think you’re going to see more and more of that predictive model about how to score your customer, how to attract your customer, and then how to keep them. I think there’s a lot to gain in this area and certainly that’s where our focus is and our technology and people efforts. 
Thomas W. Toomey: I’d add that with the recent administration’s announcements that they’re going to pull back some of the people from the Middle East it will be interesting to see which markets and what divisions get pulled back and what the timing of that is. But I think the long term aspect of Norfolk is it will recover just on the indication that we’re going to draw down our troops.
Thomas W. Toomey: We expect somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 to $700 per month in incremental revenue on those. Marina Pointe is about $1,500 it’s going to $2,100 to $2,200 [inaudible] in each of the Pine Brook assets which are next door to one another are going to be very similar going from that $1,500 to $1,600 up above $2,000 per month.
Thomas W. Toomey: Alex, once you’ve visited enough of these you realize that the vast majority of the people are not going to move while they’re being rehabbed. That our team has been very good at deciphering how to properly do the rehab and sequence it so we really don’t take much of a hit in the cash flow.
Thomas W. Toomey: We’re always talking to Fannie both in terms of the joint venture and lending, and the market. And if the opportunity avails itself for those assets to either be sold, or split, the [babies] so to speak, but I’m sure when the time is appropriate there will be a dissolution of that.
Thomas W. Toomey: I think this management groups sees it as a continual effort to always improve the quality of the portfolio and so there’s always going to be an evaluation of every asset in terms of where it stands, what do we think is left in the upside of it, what does the cap ex need and a decision made about the long term right use of capital. At present what we’re targeting is to get into a program of $400 to $500 million annually in sales to offset what is coming online in new development. And we think that nice match, if you will, we think developments are getting 6 to 6.5 and we can go to the market and be selling Norfolk, Virginia, Tennessee, those markets at 6 to 6.5 that it’s a great redeployment of capital, it won’t be dilutive.  So I think we’ll continue to do that and we think that environment will sustain itself for a while primarily because of the low interest rate environment that looks like it’s going to persist for some period of time. And most of those buyers of that caliber of asset are very leverage sensitive and they’re going to be there in depth. So I think it’s a long term program for us. Stephen C. Swett – Morgan Keegan: Second question either for David or Warren, as you look into 2012 the debt maturities, any initial thoughts in terms of refinancing either with some incremental equity or your sense on what kind of terms you would use. DD I think we’ll always look at all the different alternatives and possibilities that we have when that time presents itself. We’re always trying to keep our finger on capital markets to where debt pricing is and equity pricing and if an opportunity presents itself one way or the other we would utilize it. But as of today we wouldn’t pin ourselves down to one mode or another.
Thomas W. Toomey: I think that is our preferred path with equity and we think it’s a great partnership with our shareholders. They can look at individual acquisition opportunities and determine if we’re heading in the right direction and they get to vote with whether they’re going to buy in or not so we think it’s the right path.
Thomas W. Toomey: As I’ve just recently come back from [inaudible] and a number of conferences, it’s very clear to me that the merchant building model is out there seeking capital but the capital is picking through deals. And so there are now, I think in the Mill Wood guys for example are going to say they started out in 2012 thinking they were going to do 2,000 doors and they’re not really upping their increase because capital is being very selective. So I think the merchant builders are hanging around the hoop if you will. There’s not a lot of equity or they don’t have the financial guaranteed entities to get the deals done right now.  Markets that they’re looking for and building in, no surprises there, it’s the suburban DC, it’s the Texas market and we’re starting to see them spring up a little bit in Florida. So mostly suburban oriented product, but again, recognize we’re at record low, generational low, supply numbers and they could go up from here and still not represent a threat to our revenue outlook. 
Thomas W. Toomey: I think it’s clear from where our platform is headed that we’re going to continue to focus from the DC to Boston corridor and focus on the west coast as well. With respect to higher ROIs I think it’s one metric. We use a number of them, one is just replacement cost and we still believe we’re buying assets well below the replacement cost in some of these urban corridors and so I think that’s going to be a metric we’re focused mostly on as well as the growth prospects in terms of what Jerry and his team can do to bring NOIs up to market or exceed market. The ROI’s to answer directly, I guess we kind of look at an eight on an unlevered basis and believe that that’s kind of a minimal threshold. Sometimes we’ll dip below that and take a little bit more risk in terms of the prospects for the future of the enterprise but that’s kind of a number we think about.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you all of you and I hope that the snow has not inconvenienced you a great deal in the Northeast and we will see many of you a NAREIT and certainly hope that you’ll sign up for our tour of Vitruvian Park. With that, thank you again.
Jerry A. Davis: We’ve been hearing a lot about traffic over the last week or so and I’d like to tell you that our traffic and rents in the fourth quarter are in line with our expectations. If I were in home building or retail I’d focus a lot more on traffic but we tend to look more at leasing activity and putting money in the bank. I think the key points to focus on in our business really are what’s sequential revenue growth going to be in 3Q and 4Q.  We look back over the last five to 10 years, typical growth from 3Q to 4Q is flat on a good year, down in most years. This year it’s looking like it’s going to be flat to slightly up. Let me repeat that, we think it’s a good quarter and we think sequential growth from 3Q to 4Q is going to be slightly up. The other thing we focused a little bit more on is what is 4Q versus last year’s revenue growth look like and right now it’s looking like it’s probably going to be 5% to 5.5% up. Lastly, we look at the strength of our ability to renew and I think I said in my prepared remarks that through the fourth quarter we’re sending out 6% on average and we think in January, so as we turn into 2012 at the beginning of the year we’re going to see rent increases going out to existing residents of 5.5% to 6.5%. I’d remind you that this is from our same store portfolio. In our non-same stores which represent over 25% of the company, we’re expecting to do even better than that. Outside of New York will be slightly better than the 5.5% to 6.5% and in New York it looks like it is probably more 8% to 10% range. So again, traffic is where we expect it. There are no surprises on traffic and pricing. The fourth quarter is playing out how we thought. 
Jerry A. Davis: I would tell you in the fourth quarter again, you typically have a drop down in your ability to increase rents just because there’s reduced traffic. As you enter the first quarter you typically pick up some momentum, traffic comes back usually about mid January and accelerates throughout the spring and really accelerates in the summer. So without giving guidance, we would things would pickup in the first quarter.
Jerry A. Davis: I think it holds true throughout the entire portfolio, the disparity between As and Bs in the markets we operate in. There’s definitely the disparity I talked about as far as the ability to push new rent. The other thing is occupancy levels on our A properties are about 95.9% in the third quarter and Bs were about 95.4%. Well, you tend to see it, more of our portfolio on the market basis – more of our portfolio in San Francisco tends to be in the A range and we’re getting much better performance there.
Jerry A. Davis: I think both CitySouth and Barton Creek are up in that range. You know, we’ve increased rent at Barton Creek over $500 from pre rehab to post rehab and at CitySouth they’re up well over $700.
Jerry A. Davis: With respect to the best opportunities, I think the best opportunity for capital would probably be the redevelopment effort in our mind. Why? Because, you have an embedded cash flow, you take a part of it offline but the efforts that we’re undertaking mostly in California right now, many of the residents frankly do not move while we’re conducting the redevelopment so very little dilution out of that effort. Next up to that would probably be the acquisition front, but that’s hard to project. We’re certainly looking at a number of opportunities. We’re never certain about which one will get across the go line but there’s plenty in that front. On the development front, where we can’t buy, or we don’t have existing assets then we’ll undertake development.  On the land pricing, we think land really did not take a hit in the downturn is right back to the 2007 pricing levels and so we’re looking for development sites. We’ve got a lot in front of us, we’ll just have to pick through the opportunities and see what really fits us and our return expectations. So there’s plenty of opportunities for us to put capital to work, we’re just going to be very selective and thoughtful about that process.
Jerry A. Davis: For renewals in July it was 6.2%, August was 6.6%, September was 6.4% and for new leases July was 4.7%, August was 4.5% and September was 5.2%.
Jerry A. Davis: Really, the only real category of expenses that we expect to see some pressure compared to last year is real estate taxes. They should be even with what they’ve been throughout the last quarter or two but last year in the fourth quarter we had some revaluations that came through to us and gave us some savings in the fourth quarter of last year. So year-over-year growth in 4Q will predominately come from real estate taxes.
Jerry A. Davis: I would tell you our third quarter unique visitor traffic at www.UDR.com is up 30% year-over-year and in October it was up 35% to 245,000 hits. In addition to [inaudible] our mobile traffic which represents about 14% of our unique traffic at www.UDR.com is up about 132%.
Jerry A. Davis: It’s about what we expected. It’s down probably 15%. That’s what we projected it would be. You know, what you had happen last year and the year before is people were aware that there was a large drop from peak to trough and they went out and looked and in 2009 they were able to find a great deal so traffic was up. So instead of looking at three competitive properties they may have gone to 10. Last year they went again and thought they could play the same game and get a substantial increase and I think what they found was price was roughly the same as they were paying at a comparable property. This year, I think people look online more than they did two years ago. They do all of their price shopping through places like www.UDR.com to help narrow down their selection.
Jerry A. Davis: Norfolk is predominately a military town, sort of Navel basis. Norfolk has been hurt more than most our other properties, all of their decline recently is not seasonality. It can really relate to ships going out versus ships going in so you have some unique phenomena that occurs there as well as in our San Diego and the Jacksonville market. That’s the primary thing that happened in Norfolk, the military rotations.
Jerry A. Davis: I have. Traffic will fluctuate at any given time. I can tell you for the full year our traffic is probably down a little over 10%. So what’s happening right now is a little more pronounced but again I think what happened last year and the year before is people were out looking for a deal they were able to get in 2009 they discovered in 2010 they couldn’t find it and this year they’re just looking on the internet while they’re price shopping.
Jerry A. Davis: LA stayed stable. I think the Marina area during the summer saw a month or two of weakness and since stabilized with our occupancies there being up in the 95% to 96% range. But early in the summer June, July, maybe the first part of August the Marina area was a little soft but it strengthened and probably half of our LA portfolio was up in that market.
Jerry A. Davis: Downtown has been performing strong for us. Our MetLife deal, 717 Olympic has been able to push rents and have a good strong occupancy. We sent out pretty good rent increases in the 5% to 7% range.
