Tom Toomey: Well, certainly, I’ll let Harry cover the economics. With respect to the process certainly, we’re having a dialog with Met on a broad range of topics not just the operations of the properties and how they are doing very well, but also the land inventory and how it will ultimately be disposed or build upon. And we are working through the 11 sites and suspect that we’ll find other opportunities in there that we can either work together or we’ll buy the land and build it for our own account. So, I think there will be more activity over the next year on that front. The dialog relatively straightforward, we have recurring meetings with the lot of different Met from the local asset managers all the way to the top and how to manage this $2.5 billion portfolio to optimize this value and continue to reiterate our interest in owning more of it. We are working on the long range of topics there, but I would suspect that you will see us over time figure out how to accomplish what Met wants and what we want, which is to own a little bit more real estate with them, the deal itself and the economics.
Tom Toomey: Well, certainly. And one of the keys of that strategy is to try to get to more of an urban and less home ownership friendly environment, if you will, and to get away from the suburban, primarily because I do worry not over the next couple of years about the supply equation, but certainly if you talk to lenders, you can see that they are lending more aggressively on multifamily, because of the NOI growth rates. Merchant builders will find a way to secure capital. And they are going to start building on the suburban locations, and you can already see that reflective in the start. So, why would I want to have a company exposed to that, I am trying to move us away from as much of that is possible. And I think you’ll see us take advantage of that by selling a lot of our suburban real estate in the years ahead to shrink that exposure.Dave Bragg – Zelman and Associates: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Well, great. It’s very good question Eric. I will start with the sell side, we are out in the market today exposing $600 million and we will wait and see how the pricing comes in on that. Our suspicions are with the five-year secured loans interest only at about 2.3% as of last week that will get good pricing. We are currently thinking that’s going to be selling probably at about fixed cap. The market that we are exposing is Florida, portions in Southern California, suburban Texas and suburban D.C. and so we will see what the pricing is. But I think it’s a great time to sell and I think being patient and waiting for NOI, trajectory to recover and with low interest rate environment I think we'll be able to thread a needle and get that out.  With respect to capital recycling in our plan towards the future, we are modeling and thinking here is that every year we will sell a portfolio that is equivalent to what our delivery for development will be. And we anticipate that probably be a $200 million to $300 million a year and then any high coupon debt and so that will minimize the dilution and fund our development pipeline and high coupon debt. I think that’s the good prudent strategy over the next couple of years and we sized our development pipeline today if it stands at about $600 million, we will probably growth that closer to $1 billion over the next year. And as a result that we coupled with the maturing debt or high coupon debt in the next three years probably get though a portfolio that will sell in the $1 billion to $2 billion over the next three, four years. We don’t see much dilution out of that activity.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom, I'd add additional color that, we've done three different family groups. You've had one take OP, the other two have looked at OP transactions, decided to take the cash and pay the taxes. Commonality between them was really the law firms, the tax advisors. So, now we’ve got familiarity, as well as the framework and it's a lot easier for the professionals to go to their clients in their relationships and explain our structure, the way we close, the way we negotiate and I feel like we're going to have more success in that area, but it's patience, patience and patience that gets these deals. So, we're excited about trying to find more, but they are complicated. They take time. It's a great strategy in our view is to pursue that asset that's really an A quality location, but a B asset and bring not just the operating platform to bear, but also the potential for redevelopment. I can understand the owners and operators of these assets today. They've done a fabulous job of creating value for themselves for long periods of time. But every once in a while there's an opportunity and they want to get some liquidity and we'd like to help them in that. So, I think we'll find more.Jeff Spector – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Tom Toomey: We've got a couple things going on. We generally expect over the next couple years to be able to achieve market rent increases of 10% to 12% in aggregate. But in addition to that the Rivergate property and 21 Chelsea property we also have redevelopment component and expect to be able to capitalize on that investment as well.
Tom Toomey: It's an all in return on the assets. So, it's a purchase price, plus there is the money spent and you look at your total return. So, the redevelopment we're not looking at necessarily as an individual investment decision, but rather that's part of our game plan going in.
Tom Toomey: Boy it is a little early for that Jay. What I’d tell you is a lot is to watch what’s going to happen in D.C. and what’s going to get act and where. I didn’t think defense would be on the agenda, but clearly its front and center now. So, that’s changing the dynamics that I didn’t think was on the table. I think we have to wait and see, both the interest rate environment and a little bit about where these cuts and programs are going to occur as well as if there are some give and take on the tax issue. So, it’s just pre-mature. There is a lot coming out of D.C. that I think we all ought to be sensitive to and watch very closely, but I am still hopeful that small businesses take up the slack and then we get back to 2 million jobs a year, but more importantly to me is our local dynamics of our supply demand and how that plays out and not the aggregate of the U.S.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom, and I would add Rob that you probably be sign up a couple of development activities in Boston. And it’s still a great city. Long-term, it weathered the downturn enormously surprisingly very well. And so I think we’ll find a couple of development sites downside, down in the business district, if you will. We’ll see how those pan out, but we’ll get our exposure there, we’ll just be patient about how we get it.
Tom Toomey: Well, Rob, I don’t want to say, I was never, certainly at some point the lifecycle of the company and its talent face it may. Today, we are just very, very comfortable that there is a very deep pipeline of this product similar to what we have got in Rivergate, 10 Hanover, and Chelsea, where there are great properties, good locations, there is upside in what we can do tomorrow. And I think we’ll stay at that bandwidth for a while. That doesn’t mean that we don’t see a lot of development opportunities, we’re just not comfortable with that risk reward at this point and feel like there is enough opportunity in the bandwidth that’s in our strike zone to find those. And I do like the opportunity just trading with these families. They are very sophisticated, they are very capable, and there is a lot of assets that they hold and we see it as a pretty good pipeline, if you will, that not many other people are pursuing with the same intensity that we are.
Tom Toomey: Well, Rich, I'm not trying to time out of market. What I'm looking at is the long-term aspect of staying to be out of blank sheet of paper, where do you think the best prospects are for the long-term and they are in multifamily. They are in urban settings with what I would call amenity-driven space around them being transportation parts, job centers. So, I just look at the long-term and say, that's probably the areas that are going have the most enduring quality cash flow growth prospects as well as value appreciation in our assets. My experience and history proves it's probably right, this industry generally gets in trouble mostly, when we overbuild or the housing market becomes an artificial bubble enabled by the government. So, if you take away the government enabling the housing bubble, which I can't control, then it's the function of supply. Where does supply occur? It occurs in all our markets at different times and different paces and so our theory is that, it's going to start in suburbs where land is relatively available cheap and people will build out there to kind of meet a growing demand of the long-term demand if you will. So, that's why you will see the push for us more on in urban, more affordability, and the lastly is the equation of margin. In our suburban portfolio margins are probably in the low 60s and our urban portfolio margins were probably in the high 60s, a 10% margin differential combined with a better growth rate tells me, you're going to get lot better return over long-term. In the short run, there is a lot of things that can go wrong and the old saying, when Washington's in session, nobody’s safe, is true. And I don't know what's going to come up that. It's our biggest threat to our industry over the short-term, but that being said, it seems to me that I’d rather buy today than I’d build because of that uncertainty over that time horizon. That being said, we're going to find those unique sites that are worth building on and we’ll continue to pursue that and we’ll find them with our sales. So, I tried to lay both the capital risk by seeing I will sell assets to fund my development and my high coupon debt and that I will continue to buy as long as I have a very accretive possibility with my share price and the acquisition and the growth prospects. So, that’s how we thing about capital allocation over both the short-term and long-term.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great color. Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Karin this is Tom. Funding source in the future, I still think we probably need to be doing 60% or greater in equity. I think it’s a good balance for us and a good strategy for us to lock-up acquisitions to come back to the street and say, here is what we have locked up. Here is our strategy, here is how we think we're going to manage this asset and increase its value and let the street actually see what they're investing in. So, that probably be better than 60% for time being and we will see how that goes as well as we will watch the stock price and how it respond.
Tom Toomey: Yes, it’s interesting, because I had three people in my office for the last two weeks, they were asking about what systems they thought would be needed to be able to secure that and that they were actually putting together companies to make debts on that effort, if it were to come to fruition. And listening to the dynamics of it, they were going to tap realtors as kind of their leasing agents and pay them a commission. So, it seemed to me that an efficient structure could be put in place to manage that I didn't think it was high return business, it looked to me like their margins were somewhere between 15% and 20%. So I don’t think that’s a great use of capital manpower. But it seems to me that there could be a market that would be efficient and effective in that and an opportunity for some entrepreneurs to jump in it. Though can it happen? Certainly, if the government puts its will and heart behind it, how much business you want to do with the government it always is cautious statement in my mind. Is it a much of a threat to us? Looking over kind of what their business plans were and the identified product, I didn’t see it as any much of a threat to us in terms of our portfolio or our business model. So, if it helps the housing market strengthen, helps the overall account, the economy, I probable before it, if all things would be an equal.
Tom Toomey: I think in New York, the vast majority of the improvements on the revenue management side of the equation. That the cost structures that we would say probably get eaten up by the higher tax equation, but it’s probably leaning 80% towards the revenue side of the equation in the Manhattan stuff. The other stuff we bought in D.C. I would think it’s a combination, Boston, probably more 50/50 revenue and expenses. They are not poorly run real estate. It's probably just not optimized and not responsive to the resident.
Tom Toomey: Well, we're looking at the deals that are in the market as well as the off-market transactions. The properties that we've acquired, the three properties happened to be from three families and we believe, we've realized the capitalized and the operational inefficiencies in those properties. So, at the end of the day perhaps those are the deals that are just easiest for us to get done, to get across the finish line rather than competing with everyone on the market that deals. But we're looking in all of them.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. With respect D.C. in 14 View, the benefit out of 14 View is that we're developing a community right across the street from it. So, truly it was an auction. We have been quoting the seller for a better part of three years, knowing that we were under development and thought that it would make a great complement. It’s in the union area, which is very trendy and upbeat. So, that was an auction that frankly we thought was worth stepping to the top of the list and winning, because of the synergies that we could run the two of them together and achieve some better returns out of that. On a go-forward basis, I always like the strategy of – in D.C. of buying what I call the old towers of buildings that are 8 to 15 and rehabbing them. We think that the rehabs give us a chance to create value and that the suburban portfolio in D.C. is just trade in capital over time and we will trade out of that, but no particular hurry, we like the exposure, but that would be how we probably shape D.C. in the future.
Tom Toomey: We definitely are hopeful that we’ll win some tax for later this year. We are comparing against favorable taxes last year and the second half of the year, so it’s hard to determine if that’s going to come. On other expense control items, I would tell you when you look back over the last three to five years, we’ve been really pushing electronic initiatives to make our advertising more efficient and less expensive as well as the workforce in our site offices. So, we’ve reaped a lot of that benefits historically and we continue to lead the way and look for additional ways to really drive down expenses going forward. We are cognizant though that you need to continue to maintain your assets at a high level if you want to command premium rates and occupancy. So, we are not going to make a short-term decision just to drive expenses down this year.
Harry Alcock: Yeah, from a – just from yield standpoint on today’s rents are un-trended rents, we expect to get close to 6.5% on that front.
Harry Alcock: Sure. We're out there actively looking for additional opportunities in New York City. As you know, it's hard to find these deals. They come along on an opportunistic basis and it candidly, it's helpful that we're active in the market, our names out there. So, we're finding additional families to talk to just given our recent track record in that market. We're optimistic that we will find other opportunities, when we certainly would like to.
Harry Alcock: Well, this is Harry. A lot of our portfolio is in the suburbs in Boston. In terms of our investment strategy going forward, our goal is to acquire for our new acquisitions to be closer into the downtown area. And you are right it is not as deeper market as some of these other downtown areas that that’s where we intend to focus the majority of our efforts going forward in Boston.
Harry Alcock: I don't think. So, they'll clearly come down in all product types, the A stuff, as well as the B product that we're going to be selling. Remember a lot of what we're buying and have been buying particularly in New York City, is that a rehab component. So, in addition to getting some market growth we're going to get a return on our invested dollars as well.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I mean, this is Jerry. I think our non-same-stores will grow at a higher rate. When you look at the bulk of them, they are in New York, Boston, D.C., some in Northern California. I think you are going to see annualized growth rates that exceed what our core portfolio is, if I have to guess. And you are looking probably in the high single-digits in many of those markets, which is quite a bit higher than our same-store.
Jerry Davis: No. This is Jerry. In Monterey that is predominately in agricultural marketplace, so you typically we see more growth between 1Q and 2Q. You will make the most of your money in that Monterey portfolio really between February and December of every year, so that’s a normal occurrence. In San Diego, we had some military movement did impact that area and we saw similar issues in both Jacksonville as well as Norfolk and in part of our Seattle portfolio that’s relying on the military. There seem to be an increase in movement this quarter.
Jerry Davis: Alex, it’s a very good question. Generally, what we find is, is when we do a light rehab is that the residents can take the absorption and they don’t frankly move. When we do a more higher intense re-grade, we expect almost to turn 100% of the residency over. And so I think the people at Rivergate are probably over the next three years going to get enough rent increases that it will push a substantial number of amount. I think in the case of the Chelsea that they’ll probably generally stay and in 10 Hanover, we’re finding that they are taking the rent increases and not really moving. So, we weigh it as part of our overall strategy of each acquisition, each opportunity, but the higher end, the more intense work. We have generally we do try to target turning over the entire resident base. Then it’s a question of how deep the market's going to be at 4,500 to 5,000 a month, basically for 1,000 feet. We think its $50 a foot, $52 a foot in that particular location of Rivergate, but the market’s pretty deep in that price point.
Jerry Davis: This is actually Jerry. It’s really stayed the same for the last two to three years. It’s about 17%. And it will be a little higher in some markets, a little lower in others, but it’s been fairly consistent the last couple of years.
Jerry Davis: I think, longer term when you go back a few more years it was probably in the low 20s and now it’s in that, again, the 17% to 18% range. What we have seen as our average renters’ income has gone up about 4% in the last year and sometimes that’s the guy that was living there last year got a 4% raise, but more often I think we are trading now departing residents with higher income, higher grade residents.
David Messenger: The $1.25 to $1.30, you take the acquisitions that we’re going to close on here in the third quarter. Rivergate, 21 Chelsea and then you've got another call it roughly $300 million that we have in guidance and assume between 50 basis points to 1%. At the beginning of the year, we came out with 1% of the guidance, but we've seem to trend down from that a little bit. So you can probably back off that a little bit probably $0.02 in there in terms of acquisition cost, and then the rest of the earnings is a pretty sterile I believe.
David Messenger: Hey Karin, this is Dave. Regarding debt to EBITDA, assuming everything works out with respect to in the second half of the year, I would say our debt to EBITDA ends up somewhere between an 8 and 8.5.Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
David Messenger: On your second question, insurance-related expenses, we had a significant fire at one of our communities in Northern Virginia, that related to the series of units that were down, because of that there was the deductible related to that fire and the severance charges, about $750,000 were related to individuals throughout our enterprise that are no longer with us and the savings will be not dollar for dollar, but will be somewhere less than that on a go-forward basis.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
David Messenger: Sure. In June, the total loss lease was a little over 6%. San Francisco was pushing 12%. Austin was at about 12%. LA, Orange County were both in 7% to 8%. If you get back to D.C., D.C. is actually about 4.5%. Everything else, I would tell you is roughly it's bundled up close to the 4% to 5%. It's probably the Florida stuff is a little at the low end down in the threes also.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
