Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments will be brief and focus on 5 topics. First, all aspects of our business continue to perform well in the first quarter. Operations is hitting on all cylinders, and our development completions and return in aggregate are meeting or exceeding the expectations. Apartment fundamental in our markets remained favorable, and our momentum entering the prime leasing season remained very positive. Second, our first quarter results came in at the high end or beat our initial guidance ranges provided in February on both earnings and same-store basis. Much of 2014 has yet to unfold, but we feel good about where we are, and we'll reevaluate and update you on our full year guidance on the second quarter call. Likewise we are in line or slightly ahead of the expectations set forth in our 2014 to 2016 strategic plan. We continue to view the plan as a solid roadmap for long-term value creation and remain fully focused on its execution. Third, we completed $295 million of accretive coastal development during the quarter. Maintaining a consistent development pipeline improves our portfolio quality and geographic footprint, and remains a primary driver or expected cash flow growth in the coming years. We are excited about the $566 million of development projects we have completed over the past 6 months, as well as the $183 million that is expected to come online during the remainder of 2014. Fourth, we completed the migration of the final 8 operating assets out of our original UDR/MetLife I joint venture with another set of transaction. After 3 years of hard work, this brings the operating community portion of the UDR/MetLife I joint venture to a close. Over this time, we have been pleased with the progress made in increasing our ownership interest to 50% in 16 of the original 26 condo-quality communities that are located in our core markets. And we are excited about the continued expansion of our relationship with the stable long-term partner in MetLife. I'd like to acknowledge Warren and Harry for their hard work that created a mutually beneficial outcome for both UDR and Met. Tom will provide further details on our investment to date, including our current estimated IRR. Fifth, we are making progress on our planned dispositions for the year, and while it is early to provide details, pricing has come in favorably versus original expectations. Tom will provide an update on our capital sources and uses in his prepared remarks. And finally, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for their hard work in producing another strong quarter for UDR. We look forward to the remainder of 2014. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Toomey. Our intent in a short-term with Met is to continue to expand the relationship on a 50-50 basis with the development pipeline. And beyond that, we're comfortable right now at a 50-50 relationship on the operating assets, and we'll continue to always have dialogue with Met on a range of topics. And so we're comfortable where we're headed.
Thomas W. Toomey: Just before we move on to the next question, I want to clarify one thing. Your question on the net-debt-to-EBITDA with the JV pro-rata debt, I think I said 6.6% at the end of the year, I meant to say at the end of the 3-year strategy period. At the end of the year, it'd be more like 7.4x. So 6.6x at the end of '16, 7.4x at the end of '14.
Thomas W. Toomey: Michael, this is Toomey. I think the intent in our conversations with our joint venture partner is when the debt is prepayable to expose those to the market and see what pies, we feel good about the prices of those assets at this time. And the job that Jerry and his team have done in running them. So they'll probably be able to be sold some time early next year.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, operator, and thank all of you for your time today. The closing remarks, I guess, I would say this. We're very excited about the position that we're in. With the leasing season upon us, the teams are pretty focused. And certainly, seen the traffic and the operational platform is running on all cylinders. So we're excited about that. I thought we had a very good quarter all the way down the line on all metrics and clearly, are performing at our 3-year plan or ahead of our 3-year plan and I would expect us to continue that trend for the balance of the year, and we look forward to seeing you guys in NAV [ph]. With that, operator, we'll end the call. Thank you.
Thomas M. Herzog: It's Tom Herzog. As far as the transaction activity, we reduced the acquisition number down by $100 million at the midpoint. We increased the disposition guidance by $100 million at the midpoint. Equity, we just clarified that, that drove to $150 million and the cap rate spread, we just tightened up by 50 basis points. As it pertains to the reason for the changes, the acquisitions, we've got the Pacific City that was purchased in January, we're using that as one of the reversed 1031s, reduced in [ph] April acquisitions. Dispositions we raised, that created a couple hundred million of extra cash flow. We've got the joint venture contribution that we described that comes in as a net $79 million and then we have Steele Creek that comes in at about $60 million that we expect to fund during the year, leaves a little bit of extra cash flow in the mix. So those are the moving pieces that we have.
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, I mean, as far as the dispositions at the range that we've set, there really isn't going to be reason likely to increase the disposition number. We do have, of course, the capacity to do that if we needed to. But we're not expecting at this time that will be modified.
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, we've -- it's to look at what current pricing is, Nick, this is Tom Herzog again, on the 10-year, we would assume it's somewhere roughly into the vicinity of 4%. If we went with the 7-year, it's more in the vicinity of 3.5%. We've got our guidance number in a little bit lower than that. So we've got a little bit of upside if we get to [indiscernible] between now and [indiscernible].
Thomas M. Herzog: As far as leverage on the MetLife joint venture or just leverage in general, as, I think, you're aware, we see our net-debt-to-EBITDA is the one I'll focus on, taking down during the year, probably on a consolidated basis and in the year somewhere around 6.5, and then further taking down during the period of our 3-year plan down to about 5.7. As to -- with the inclusion of JVs, we would see that number coming in at somewhere in the mid-6s by the end of the year. The impact of the MetLife swap was quite negligible to the look through, if you will, net-debt-to-EBITDA number somewhere around 0.4x. The transaction itself on the 6 assets came in at I think 56% leverage on that particular component bumped up against our actual leverage in the company and when you do the math on all that, it really does not make that big of an impact.
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. No, Alex, this is Tom Herzog. The dispositions had nothing to do with gain capacity or ability to cover the dividend. Yet literally, it's just -- it was cash flow decisions that we made. So nothing to do with the dividend.
Thomas M. Herzog: No, that's a good question. How we think about the dispositions is that the development program will be funded with these dispositions. And so as far as looking beyond that, I don't think there's a lot more to say. As far as equity issuance is in the plan, those are more of a placeholder. I kind of look at it this way. The cost of issuing equity is probably, call it, what, 4.85% on a yield basis and the cost of dispositions may be call it 6% and the cap rate are 5.5%, I think, is probably the vicinity of what we have in our -- built into our numbers. So there's not going to be much impact on the FFO as a result of -- if there's movement between those 2 numbers. So if there's fewer equity issuances, that's offset by disposition. So I just put that way. Those 2 numbers are relatively [indiscernible].
Thomas M. Herzog: Mike, this is Herzog again. The impact of the swaps themselves had a very slight positive impact in 2014, it'll be a bit more positive in 2015, but not enough to be probably adjusting your numbers for. Harry, I know you looked at those 2, I think, it was quite small, I don't think we have any...
Thomas M. Herzog: No, I'm glad you asked. It's really 2 things. One, we've done a good job of hedging our heating costs up in the Northeast, about 90% are hedged, so that put a collar, if you will, on some of the utility expenses. The second thing is we get hit pretty hard last year with snow removal up in Boston. And typically in Boston, you buy a contract on the number of inches of snow that can be removed. We bought this year an unlimited amount of snow removal for a fixed-rate and we locked in that rate for the next 3 years because of that. And because of the harshness of the winter and especially up in Boston. We didn't have as much of snow removal cost up there, as you would've expected.
Harry G. Alcock: Nick, it's Harry Alcock. First of all, none of our assets that are in the market are going to be sold to condo converters. But in terms of the question itself, we're starting see a little bit of condo activity on existing operating assets creep into a couple of markets, New York was first, we're starting to see a little bit of it in San Francisco, and we're seeing more of it in those 2 markets on land sites where the -- many of the buyers are going to develop for a condo use.
Harry G. Alcock: Nick, it's Harry Alcock. The first couple of sites could start as early as later this year. We've got another 2 to 3 sites that could start in 2015, and then the remaining 2 or 3 would potentially be further out.
Harry G. Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. We closed one deal in January. I think the next 2, 3 deals could close in the second quarter and the balance will be the second half of the year.
Harry G. Alcock: Haendel, this is Harry. First of all, clearly, cost are rising, land prices are rising, but rents were also rising. So, I think, yields are generally flat. We don't intend to increase our yield requirements per se, but we will take all of those factors into account in underwriting these deals. And won't start a new deal until we hit those threshold, which is the 150 to 200 basis points. So it's true, not all deals are going to pencil today, clearly, less than what would have penciled 2 to 3 years ago.
Harry G. Alcock: Dave, it's Harry. I think, we acquired the site for $78 million, it's zoned for 516 units. We're still in the midst of the design process. The design will ultimately sort of determine the costs and the rents we expect, I think, we're probably a little bit early to start talking about those. We expect to start the project probably in some time early next year, and we'll talk about it more once we completed our work.
Harry G. Alcock: David, it's Harry again. Yes, we're well underway on that one. The costs numbers are published. We expect to spend approximately $318 million development as -- is going fine thus far. We expect that one to finish in late '15, early '16. Rents today should be somewhere in the neighborhood of $5.25 per foot and we'll trend up from there. We expect to stabilize yield on that one somewhere in the low-6s.
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Yes, we're continually moving lease expirations to get into the higher traffic months, which is -- which occur in the second and third quarter. A lot of the work has been done. So I think the impact in 2015, it'll be a little more of a normalized year as far as occupancy affected by these lease expirations changing, as well as new lease rate growth. Really not using concessions to achieve this, actually concessions, when you look at first quarter of '14 versus first quarter of '13, are down 29%. So haven't had to use that, it was really more through lease expirations. One thing we have seen is our resident base is selecting, on their own, to go a little bit more with longer term leases. We've offered up in some of our markets, such as DC and some of the Texas markets up to 14-month lease terms, and we found people opting more for these. This has expanded our average lease term from 11.6 months to 11.9, which has helped to drive down turnover. One thing it has done is when you look at new lease rate growth in first quarter, we are at 1% so far in April, we're at 2.5%. Short-term leases tend to have a bit of a higher premium, so they will help new lease rate growth. So we've seen a little bit of an impact on that. But even though people are selecting those longer term leases, we're finding people that need to move for jobs or select to move for home purchase, they will pay a lease break fee, and we've seen our fee income actually go up 7%. So while we are not overly happy with our new lease rate growth of 1%, which is about 120 basis points lower than it was in the first quarter of last year, we understand why it's happening, we think it has helped us push occupancy up to that 96.2% in the quarter, I would tell you today, our occupancy is at 96.8%. So we're running very high occupancy, probably given up a little bit of new lease rate growth, but it's really more resident selection.
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, Karin, I definitely think it will trend down from the level we had in the first quarter. But we're just now entering our prime leasing season. So far, things have been going well. Our traffic and applications have held up a little bit better than last year. Turnover, as we've disclosed in the supplement, is down 120 basis points. And I can tell you, as through the month of April, it's down -- April versus April of last year another 130 basis points. Occupancy levels today are very high at 96.8% on the same-store pool. But we do have more difficult comps and I think you will see a deceleration. If I had to -- again, we're not updating guidance at this point, but if I had to handicap it right now, I'd say we'd be above the midpoint rather than below the midpoint of our full year guidance. Then we just like to see how the next 2 to 3 months play out before we update guidance.
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, I mean, if we look at -- let me actually take a moment on that because here's how we think about it. So first of all, we don't have any camp Bs that are in place at the current date, but we do have revenue enhancing spend. And, I think, when you think about revenue enhancing spend, you need to look at it based on probably 3 pieces of data. The first one is the amount of capital spent, which I think as you know, we've disclosed in our 3-year strategic plan. The second is expected return that you get in the first year and in subsequent years. Third, I think, one has to consider the rollover effect of those enhancements that are dropping off from prior years. So in our case, we spent $10 million in 2013, we'll bump it a little bit in 2014. I think it's up to $11 million is the number. As I said in the past, and Jerry said, we typically underwrite to around 20% year one cash on cash return because these are relatively short life improvements often 10 years or so. And we seek to get an IRR hurdle of at least 200 basis points in excess of our WAC [ph]. The impact of $10 million of spend in the year of the spend is probably about 15 basis points on same-store. And if you took a 4 years worth, you're probably at 30 basis points. But because we've been doing this for a long time and the rollover effect occurs on I'm guessing that the same-store growth is probably closer to 0 because there's as much rolling up that's coming on. One other point that I'd make around this is the impact of redevelopments, which we would heard a lot about recently. And especially major redevelopments like a 2775 or a Rivergate and just to be clear, we do not include these in our same-store sales. And these projects are typically, call it, $70,000 to $100,000 per door, usually stripping them to the stud, so major projects and those are excluded from our same-store results all together. So if anybody has desire to want to dig deeper to how we do these calcs and how we look at it, I'm glad to take any of those questions offline.
Jerry A. Davis: Haendel, it's Jerry. Fiori, as most of you know, is in Addison, Texas. We built a product that was comparable to what is built typically in uptown, about 10 miles north up in Addison. We priced it very similar to uptown assets and we're getting the pricing, the velocity just hasn't been there. We would attribute a large portion of that to general weakness in the uptown market today where a lot of these lines have been coming online. And that's kind of prevented us from getting the pricing we would have like to get in Fiori. We recently have cut pricing at Fiori to get leasing velocity back on track. In fact, this month, we had 40 gross leases in the month of April. Our expectation is to continue with it. One other sign of encouragement for Fiori is, Toyota announced yesterday, they're going to move their headquarters from Torrance, California to Plano, Texas and add about 4,000 to 5,000 jobs. Plano is about 5 or 6 miles north of Addison. We have about 1,200 heads up in Plano, as well as the 1,000 or so units at the Vitruvian Park that we think will really help us out there, too. But a lot of it has been softness in uptown due to new supply, some of it has been due to, we were introducing a new price point to the absent market and the leasing velocity has been just slower than we expected.
Jerry A. Davis: These are a little bit stronger, but it's not enough to really call anything on. What you typically find is in some markets, if your product is A and it's near-new supply, it's obviously, going to be competing more against lease-ups that tend to have higher concessions. But overall, Bs are less than probably 70 basis points better on pricing and, as far as occupancy, my entire portfolio was occupied at a very high level right now.
