Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to UDR’s third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Shawn Johnston, Interim Principal Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. UDR reported another strong quarter of results, highlighted by solid same-store and cash flow growth. Strong leasing velocities and rental rates at our development communities, several strategic transactions and continued improvement of our balance sheet. Jerry and Shawn will provide additional details in their prepared remarks. As we near the end of 2016, I’d like to take a couple of minutes to discuss our strategic plan and how we’ve executed on it. As you know, consistently generating 6% to 10% cash flow per share growth has been the cornerstone of our plan since it was first published in 2013. In 2016, we expect to again achieve that goal with full year AFFO per share growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint of our guidance. Next a deeper look into how the primary drivers of our cash flow growth have performed. First, operations, we expect that our full year 2016 same-store growth metrics will compare well on an absolute and relative basis. In spite of the headwinds that New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles generated this year. We have successfully weathered this storm and continue to do so, partly because of our diversified portfolio. But much of our success stems from our operating platform. Starting with the team’s ability to quickly adjust operating tactics, to maximize revenue growth and a shifting market, as well as a consistent implementation of innovative technologies. I’m grateful for our team’s hard work. Next capital allocations, we delivered a $163 million of accretive development in 2016 and believe that our $937 million under construction pipeline will be no different. Our development pipeline provides our shareholders with the strong risk adjusted return on their capital and allows us to consistently refresh our portfolio via our self funding model. Fully funding our development growth in a non-dilutive manner through retained cash flow and capital recycle from asset sales is a funny mechanism that we can employ year in and year out. Moving forward, we remained comfortable with this strategy. Last, our balance sheet continues to improve, our leverage metrics at the end of the third quarter were better than those originally envisioned for the year ended 2016. As we look into 2017 and without providing guidance, we remained confident in our ability to execute on our strategic plan. Currently, we are in the midst of building the 2017, 2018 plan from the ground up. We see no need to change our strategies as they continue to work well as we move through this part of the business cycle. We will share the updated details of the plan with you on the fourth quarter call. In summary, while 2016 has presented challenges, we have successfully worked through them and we’ll achieve the guidance provided at the beginning of the year as part of our strategic plan. Given the outlook for sound intermediate and long-term multifamily fundamentals, we remain confident that adhering to our strategic plans core principles, will continue to help us drive strong cash flow growth for many years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Jerry for additional comments on the quarter.
Tom Toomey: Nick, this is Toomey. We’re always in a dialogue with Metabout opportunities, our view, I mean the portfolio performance, where we think markets are going. So, overall, I’d say the good relationship, great relationship. And we’ll continue in the future. We like the returns that we’re getting. We like the opportunities that it presents us and Met makes a great partner.
Tom Toomey: Alex, this is Toomey. With respect to Met and you’ve seen it every year that we’ve been in this relationship for the last six, we’ve always had some degree of some trade going on during – throughout the life of this joint venture and I would probably see us continuing that same pattern in the future. We see no impact from what’s going on at Met at corporate to the real estate appetite, views of the world or their capital availability or deployment of capital. So, I think we’ll discontinued to have these dialogue that we doing with a great partner at future opportunities that help us advance UDR and help them advance their capital deployment. So, I don’t see any change to that. I think it was just one of those years where we decided to sell an asset, buy two shrink land inventory and like the side of the trade that we ended up on.
Tom Toomey: Well, it’s a long history, Rich, and timeless this question. For the last three years make it 4%. We had three years at 10%, we had this year looks like an 8% and as we’re looking now towards the future. I think in a stable supply demand demographic that we’re in a phase, its probably in the 6% to 8% kind of range, lot of it would take to get below that fix, I think is a recession and the depth and in the nature of that. I’m not calling for one, but I think that has been the my historical pattern is when the country goes into recession, its where is our exposure to it, how deepened of our portfolio do we have in those particular areas or industry exposure. Hard to forecast that element of it, but what we’ve trying to do is build the company that can stay in that 6% to 10% through most cycles and I think we’ve done that. And I think we’re going to continue to in the future and when you look at the next strategic plan, you’re going to see a lot of the same strategies that we’ve been executing on in last four years. Very focused on capital deployment, operations and continued balance sheet improvement.
Tom Toomey: Yes. I guess, there’s – we don’t see a rational concession levels in Bellevue at this point that they’ve actually been offering a month free on leases, if not something less. Our portfolio in Bellevue has been able to maintain to date as the supply has been delivering north of 6% revenue growth and you getting very good renewals as well as new lease rate growth. Yes, I think the job growth when you look at Amazon coming in next year, you look at Apple that’s looking to come, you consider that Bellevue has pretty close to Redmond, so it doesn’t just have to job growth in Bellevue, it’s the part of the those places on the east side that benefit. I think Bellevue is a bit different. And I do think job growth will continue and that core of Bellevue will eventually run out of developable space. The other thing to keep in mind and this is a little more long-term but in about five years or six years, the light rail is going to reach across like Washington and really connect both Bellevue as well as Redmond to the west side of town and I think it will enhance the east side even more.
Tom Toomey: Well, just to be clear it’s still Tom Toomey, I’m still President and CEO. Let me just close with thank you for your time today, and second we’re very focused on finishing up the strong year and certainly look forward to 2017 and 2018 and rolling out that strategic plan again in February of next year as we wrap it up. And we will see many of you at Mary, and we look forward to that exchange and time together in a couple week. So, with that take care and have a good day.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. When we build up the years, we don’t always factor in a year or two out what we expect to have going in. If I have to think back to what it was, it was probably something in the 2.4%, 2.5% range. Typically you’re going to earn in something close to half of what you’re going to expect for the next year.
Jerry Davis: Yes, Nick. It’s Jerry. For the Baltimore pool it somewhere between 10 basis points and 15 basis points. I would tell you that when we set guidance at the beginning of the year, we anticipated there would be the Baltimore assets that we’re sold – it really had no effect on our guidance range. And then the asset in Dallas that we pulled out to do a redev, that’s a 17-year old deal that we started the redevelopment late in the third quarter and it should last through good portion of next year. That was probably more or like 3 basis points.
Jerry Davis: Yes. And you’re right. That is 90% of our same-store pool is in Marina del Rey and it competes with Playa Vista. During the first – call it seven to nine months of this year, we were competing against that new supply that was offering up to two months free rent. Luckily, the properties in that submarket that we were battling with have come very close to heading stabilized occupancies pushing 90%. We’ve seen concession levels late in the third quarter start to come back down to one-month free. And what’s really encouraging is like you said we had new lease rate growth in the third quarter 0.1% and when I look at where we are at in Los Angeles so far in the month of October, it’s over 3%. So we are starting to emerge of our problem area in Los Angeles.
Jerry Davis: You know probably the place you see new supply we don’t have any same-store assets we have the MetLife asset in Downtown, Los Angeles. You’re going to see a continuation of new supply being delivered as well as leased-up. So I think that’s going to be difficult. I think you’re going to see a continuation of some supply pressures in SoMa, at least through the first quarter, maybe second quarter of 2017. Downtown, Seattle continues to battle new supply, we do not have any same-store assets there, but we do have two different JV properties there. And the other one that I have been keeping my eye on, but we really haven’t seen a in downturn in fundamentals has been Bellevue, Washington. We’re very high on Bellevue, even though, there’s probably five or six properties delivering there. Bellevue, as you know, we just purchased the other 50% of two assets from MetLife there. And you’ve got jobs that are coming in there. Amazon is creating a mini campus if you will over on the eastside of Lake Washington, where they just sign the lease for a 350,000 square foot office space that – our rumor has it Apple was looking at the same building and it’s continuing to look in Bellevue. So, Bellevue, I think, is going to have job growth that should absorb the new supply, but we are watching the new supply there. And other than that, obviously, when you get up to New York City, where we’ve been battling not direct competition in a submarket, but throughout Manhattan, we’re going to continue to face supply headwinds throughout our Manhattan portfolio all through next year probably well into 2018.
Jerry Davis: Yes. We see – again, we used predominantly Axiometrics for this. But we see Tampa delivering supplies in 2016 of about 4,500 units, next year, it’s going to be about 4,000; Orlando, it’s going to be about 5,500 to 6,000 each of the two years. Nashville, where most of the new supplies hit the Downtown, urban core is going to slow from 9,000 units to 6,000 units next year. And then Orange County is probably going to see a tick up as some deliveries have slipped from 2016 into 2017, it’s going to go from about 4,000 units to about 6,500 units.
Jerry Davis: Sure. I guess, on a national basis, I would say that, B’s continue to outperform, A’s probably by about 100 – 2,550 basis points. But it does definitely vary market by market, in New York. Most of our portfolio is B, especially in the same-store. But our B’s today, when you look at same-store as well as our MetLife property, our B’s are coming in at about 3.4% for the quarter, and our A’s are at about 4.3%. Our Chelsea property is also included in that 4.3%. So fairly type, you’re seeing confessions and pricing issues affect both A’s and B’s as people in B’s at times now can step up to A’s.
Jerry Davis: San Francisco, and again, ours is San Francisco and San Jose combined interestingly for the quarter, they were fairly even. And again it’s the same type of situation where B renters when you – I have an eight properties down the street that’s offering 1.5 months to two months free. Its price probably on an effective basis just above what you’re paying into B. So you can pay a little bit more into the step up and quality.
Jerry Davis: Yes. As we – again actually or recently revise there a supply data from what we were seeing in two to three months ago and now 2016, 2017 in total are roughly even as about 360,000 to 370,000 multifamily homes. And when you look at individual markets, there is not a whole lot of differentiation I gave the numbers on the prior question. But basically the Florida markets are roughly flat between 2016 and 2017. Nashville is going to come down about 3,000 homes. And then like I said earlier, you’re going to see a bit of a tick up in Orange County, you’re going to see Boston stay roughly flat, Dallas should stay roughly flat, Austin is going to see a reduction of about 4,000 homes from 2016. So you’re going to hopefully give a little bit of easing in that job growth continues to be strong in Austin, you should see a pick up.
Jerry Davis: I think – it’s Jerry, it’s predominantly a hick up. We did – we saw a bit of a back up in occupancy throughout that portfolio and there are four assets in our same-store pool, two are up in the B assets in the north end, those continued to do well. Our Downtown Back Bay property probably had revenue growth in the 2.5% range. So it definitely is started to feel more of the competition from urban supply. And then we also have one of our same-store assets is down in the south and in range – it’s been competing against new supply, it’s being popping up in Quincy. So the north end continue and hold up well Downtown felt some supply pressures as did the south end, but I think they’ll continue to do pretty well.
Jerry Davis: Yes. Well, we probably two things, one is earlier this year based on the success we’d had again with its inside sales team that helped us on new leases. We created a department of a few people that really assist our people on renewal. So they call everybody that has made a decision to renew or give notice yet, it’s our renewal offer has been out there for a while. And try to answer any questions to prompt them to renew more quickly. We ask them as a secondary source to go out to people, but have given notice to try to convince them to stay and sometimes this may result in slight negotiation on renewal rates. I think those are the biggest things, I think, we’ve obviously seen the renewal increase is come from last year they were north of 7%. Right now they are in the mid-5%. So there is not quite as much pressure. But, I think we’ve got a focus on service, and a focus on sales and I think doing things like again putting these package lockers. And we don’t look at it just the savings to our site times, we see this in the amenity that people can self serve 24/7, we’re always looking for opportunities to provide our residence with more, what they’re looking for.
Jerry Davis: Yes, Alex, as I indicated in my prepared remarks so that provided 2017 guidance. We do expect same-store growth to continue to decelerate in 2017 on a year-over-year basis. And we’re currently projecting as I said earlier, earn in of about 2% compared to 2.75% that was based in the beginning of 2016. As a result, we see it unlikely that we would be able to achieve the lower end of the 4.75% to 5% in quarter 2017 same-store revenue growth range that we originally provided in our 2016, 2017 two-year plan that was published earlier this year. With that time, the operating environment and some of our higher rent coastal markets was much more accommodating, when we originally provided the range and that next year’s top line growth, is still expected to compare favorably against our long-term revenue growth of about 3%. That being said, we’re going to give more detailed 2017 guidance and our update to the two-year strategic plan on our fourth quarter call.
Jerry Davis: I think there has continued to be slowing especially in New York and San Francisco throughout the summer months. That made it more clear to us that – again that 4.75% is probably not the card.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I don’t see that at this point. There is differences in our portfolio mix, especially in New York with some of our peers, again remember put it more of a B operator there, we don’t have anything in places like Brooklyn, we don’t have any specific – any properties that are directly in Midtown West. So while we are affected and it will tamper our ability to really pushed rate, I don’t see us going negative anywhere.
Jerry Davis: Rich, I’d follow on little bit. Even in the debts of 2009 and 2010, transactions were getting done. We may not like the price, but there is still liquidity and Fannie and Freddie were still doing business. So, I think, there’s going to be always a supply of capital. I think we’ve got a diversified portfolio that we can always look at and say there is a liquidity opportunity there. And so I don’t see much risk from us at the sales level that we’re anticipating being able to execute.
Jerry Davis: There is a couple of developers that come in with very aggressive pricing, they can affect us and the places that we’ve seen has happen this year has been the platinum triangle of Orange County. I could see it potentially happening in [indiscernible] and we’ve also felt to that, I can’t say but I don’t foresee it at this point anywhere else.
Jerry Davis: Hey, we’re still doing the 2017 budgets and honestly I didn’t come right out and I have factored in even on preliminary basis what the boost is. Five and the six assets I will tell you it will be part of home portfolio from last year. So whatever you’re expecting Washington D.C. to be. I’d say those should be fairly comparable for us. You also have one other new development in Washington D.C. del Rey Tower that rolls in when you have our Seaport property in Boston that will be rolling in. And then you have one redevelopment that was in San Francisco. So, you factor in that a six of the seven or the six of the eight or so in Washington D.C., one is in San Francisco, and one is in kind of the per size core of Boston, and I would necessarily expect them to have a significant positive impact to our same-stores.
Jerry Davis: But 7.6% or it’s a 7.3% call it a 4%, 4.5% growth rate which is relatively consistent with the NOI growth rate.
Harry Alcock: Drew, this is Harry Alcock. First, three of the assets are in lease up and they have all leased up very well. The first asset in Seattle was stabilized. The next two in Anaheim and second Seattle asset again leased up very well. Rates that are at or above our original expectation I think when we talked about this, we thought that the all in sort of return on costs in these assets would be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5%. We don’t have anything that changes our view on that and again as we look at the option windows that began opening up next year. We’ll make the determination as to which assets we want to buy and which assets we want to sell. But again the first one would be the two Seattle assets and the Anaheim asset. First half of the year will make that determination.
Harry Alcock: Yes. Well, I think as you think about how we’re going to deploy capital next year. Development is going to continue to be sort of our preferred means to deploy capital. Second between the West Coast JV assets and against Steele Creek, we have option window that opens next year, we’ll make a determination as to which of those assets we want to buy and which we want to sell. And I think you’re right in that regard.
Harry Alcock: Yes. Real estate taxes for sure have been given us pressure for the – really the last year. So, you’ve got the Sun Belt assets had typically been seen real estate taxes go up high single-digit. That’s really a function of the NOI growth, which taken the valuations up. Similarly, Seattle has felt that kind of pressure, and then because of our 421 abatement burn-offs we’re going to feel it there to. We’re always watching personnel cost and there is a lot of demand for the quality people that we hire especially in high new supply areas. Fortunately for the quarter-end, year-to-date, we’ve kept that growth at 1.1%, and we did it really because we’ve realized quite a few efficiencies over the last year or two at our sites staffs that have allowed us this year to reduce staffing levels by 1.5% or so. And that’s through things like our inside sales group who assist in renewals and leasing. And secondly, we’ve deployed about a 70-package lockers out into the field that take the burden of packaged handling of our site people, so that they can spend more time on sales and service. And we’ve able to turn that in some headcount savings. But, I’d say the biggest expense pressure continues to be real estate taxes, as the valuations for real estate continue to go up.
Harry Alcock: Sure. where we sort of really dealt with this type of issue within New York City where you have brand stabilization. Say I guess I answered the couple of different ways. One the short-term that will have probably a slight negative impact on value where the absolute rent growth in the near-term will be slightly lower because you do have these fixed cap on increases. However the way you look at it over the long-term is really a timing issue that typically you have vacancy control, so over time you captured those sort of embedded shortfalls as you’re tendency turns over In the long-term if you get say, five-years into a rent control program, these assets actually traded lower cap rates, because of the embedded upside that exist on the rent roll so that you have a certain number of units that are well below sort of market rent, you’ve assuming that over time, just really on an actuarial basis you’re going to get 5% or 10% or 15% of those assets – or those units that turn over and are able to capture that upside.
Harry Alcock: No. I don’t think there has been a difference. I don’t think there is a difference today. But again I think what I just described is sort of how that will manifest itself with any of this legislation is passed.
Harry Alcock: So Rich, this is Harry. As we talked about before we’ve really developed in seven or eight different markets. So Southern California, Northern California, Seattle and the in the major East Coast markets plus Dallas and potentially Denver as we did in the Steele Creek. So those – we’re going to continue to focus our development activity in those markets, if you can imagine some of that question is really opportunity base that we’re going to look at the opportunities in those markets it has the best location and using the sort of revenue growth that one would expect in those markets we will underwrite that type of growth and where we find opportunities that that sort of meet our return thresholds those, those are locate, those are projects that that we’ll actually move forward and deliver. We’re going to continue to maintain at least that our business plan is to maintain our $900 million to $1.4 billion type development pipeline. So you don’t see increase above that level. And again, we’ll continue to use a disciplined underwriting approach.
Harry Alcock: I think certain markets, at certain times we are going to have less opportunity and I think you could use San Francisco is an example that anywhere, where you do have some pressure on the rental rate growth, you still have land prices that are very high. And so you probably has a kind of a set of circumstances in the City of San Francisco where it’s probably hard, but in near-term for any projects to make sense, but again, these markets change over time and the fundamentals of those markets will change and will continue to underwrite those opportunities accordingly.
Harry Alcock: Anybody got an idea on the question? Looks pretty constant. Nick, we’re all scratching our head and trying to figure out where you gone with the question.
