Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations who will discuss our results as well as our senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call.  To start, I would like to officially welcome Tom Herzog to UDR's senior management team. Many of you listening to the call know Tom. He is a well-respected CFO who possesses a strong analytical skill set and valuable public REIT experience with two S&P 500 REITs. I am confident that his experience will be beneficial to the company over the coming years.  My prepared remarks today will be brief as the majority of my comments will be included in our overview of our three-year strategic outlook, which will directly follow senior management's quarterly and full-year prepared remarks.  2012 was another strong year of operating results and we are encouraged by the early trends that we see in 2013. Let me quickly review why the company is well-positioned and how we will continue to capitalize on good multi-family fundamentals over the years ahead. First, the heavy lifting with regards to our large-scale portfolio repositioning is complete. Like most every public REIT, we will continue to see some level of capital recycling completed on an annual basis. But any such actions will be conducted through normal business activities.  Second, our balance sheet is much improved. But we will continue to manage the lower leverage over time. In our three-year strategic outlook, we will speak to leverage targets.  Third, we have a topnotch operational platform and a team that we believe will continue to take full advantage of the positive multi-family fundamentals currently available to us.  Finally, we have $1.3 billion of NAV accretive development and redevelopment underway. 50% of this pipeline is currently funded. And 49% will be delivered by the year-end, 2013. These activities are expected to begin contributing to our bottom line later this year. And will generate stronger cash flow growth in 2014 and '15.  In the fourth quarter, we were presented with a challenge related to Hurricane Sandy. However, we were able to successfully navigate these difficulties thanks to the hard work and professionalism of our New York team. We do not believe the storm will have any long-term negative impact on the demand for our Manhattan communities or their valuations. Tom Herzog will delve into more detail in the accounting treatment of Sandy. While Jerry will discuss the pre and post Sandy New York operating trends in the respective prepared remarks. Overall, we were pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 results.  Finally, with the closing of 2012, the entire management team would like to thank our 1,600 associates for another outstanding year. The outlook for UDR remains bright. And we look forward to continued success.  With that, I will pass the call over to Tom Herzog.
Tom Toomey: Well, the sources and uses, just if you were to take them and run them down. So we’ve got – I’ll just give you the [inaudible] real quick like. We’ve got the surplus of FFO versus dividends of 68 million, the dead issuances, equity issuances that you can see from the guidance, the wholly-owned disposition; it comes up to about $700 million in sources just roughly. We’ve got some debt maturities; we listed development and re-development spending, about $750 million, that’s how it balances out.  When we think about the equity issuance, I would describe it this way. We’ve got a number of different sources of capital so we could employ. It could be – it could be dead, it could be equity, it could be joint venture, proceeds, et cetera. So whether we choose to issue that 100 million of equity or not is yet to be determined. So I would say that it’s very possible that we could, it could be a bigger number, it could be a smaller number depending on market circumstances. 
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. With respect to the assumptions on ’12, those are national assumptions and we’ve looked at our individual markets when we’ve thought about ’14 and ’15 and believe that the homeownership rate in those markets unappreciablely moved more than where it is today. 
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I think you’re right. One of the first things is provide a strategic outlook and this document does a fine job on that. The second aspect is the enhancements of our disclosure in the quarterly package so that people can drill down to the value of the enterprise more easily. And I think the third is just execution on our part and that we’ve got a good experienced team. We feel like we’ve got the right assets, the right balance sheet, the right growth opportunities. It’s just time to execute. And so I think we’re going to focus on those three and see how far they take us and then we’ll evaluate it at that point and see where we move. 
Tom Toomey: Well, the Board was part of the process, obviously. And with respect to the subject of succession, you’re right, Alex. First, I’m 52 years old. I like what I’m doing. I like the team I’ve assembled. I enjoy what I’m doing so annually we review a succession plan, the Board approves it and we march forward with that plan every year and evaluate it every year. 
Tom Toomey: It was part of the evaluation process and we reached the conclusion that Mr. Herzog was the best candidate today and for the future. 
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you, all, for your time today. I know it was a lengthy prepared remarks, but I think we have a lot to give you today and certainly the team’s going to be available for follow-up calls. But as you can see today, what we have accomplished is we provided a three-year road amp. We’ve enhanced our disclosures. We restated our strategic priorities. We certainly gave you a case of why UDR is a good investment today and in the future. And lastly, I add, I think we have the right team to execute this. So with that, thank you for your time today and we wish you the best.
Tom Herzog: Well, no, not necessarily. Let me just give you the pieces, Michael. How we looked at that – this is Herzog, by the way. How we looked at that analysis is we took the same store growth to get the – the NOI will be created from the guidance that we put in the document. We also looked at the non-same-store and then we picked up our development REIT development value creation from an NOI perspective that would be created from the program that’s in place and projected that over about three years in a pretty in-depth model. We took that NOI and we capped it out at – you’re correct, at today’s CAP rate so we could get a sense for it and then incorporated that into our NAV creation to get the growth that would just mathematically come to something north of $32 a share.  And the while we were at it, we did then pick up the dividend yield off the consensus NAV and created the CVNI that we spoke to of about 12.2%. The CAP rate that we used was the – it was 5 1/8% and we picked that up from looking to the consensus NAV that The Street had put out and kind of the average CAP rate that was within that mix to utilize the 5 1/8th. 
Tom Herzog: You’re correct. And in addition to that, the growth from the development and re-development program. 
Tom Herzog: That’s correct. It would be – the activity that would take place will be, in part, dictated by access to various sources of capital. So depending on what those look like, obviously, that can impact the plan. 
Tom Herzog: Yeah, Mike, Tom Herzog here. The G&A, first of all, I don’t want you to be confused by the G&A. We have said in the past that some of that occurred. The tax number used to be met into that and then in the beginning of last quarter when people realized there was confusion here, that was discontinued. So now the G&A and the tax benefit are broken out separately, which you’ve probably seen. So when we look at the 2012 G&A relative to the guidance that was given at the beginning of the year, you’ll find that the tax number is broken out, that we’re pretty much right on in that number.  As we look to 2013, we’re up – call it 2, $2.5 million, this is the basic stuff. We’ve got normal personnel increases. We had certain comp items for folks in the field that had a great job in 2012 and then miscellaneous and technology type items make up the rest. So no big [inaudible] and line item made up that change, but it comes to about a penny. 
Tom Herzog: Well, I would put it this way; in 2012, the first quarter of ’12, there wasn’t a benefit recorded because the sales hadn’t been made and it was being backed off against the valuation allowance adjustment that took place. In 2013, so it was running about $3 million a quarter in ’12 with nothing in Q1. In 2013, that number is going to be more in the vicinity of ’11 to ’13 million. And then as we go forward from there as some of the development projects start to stabilize and some of the additional sales start to earn in, you’re going to see that tax benefit structure decline and that’s what you see in that guidance on Page – whatever it is, 16 or 17 of the three-year strategy package, you see a decline for those reasons as development starts to earn in. 
Tom Herzog: I should just note one thing though so that we don’t have confusion, we’re not intending to move out of that business in the TRS. We’ll continue to own assets in there, develop assets so that tax benefit is an ongoing item and you can see the that [inaudible]. 
Jerry Davis: Rich, it’s Jerry. I would say it’s all really dependent mostly on job growth. I think the expenses for the most part, we know what real estate taxes are going to be and I think the rest of our expenses we’re typically good a locking down so I feel good about the expense growth guidance we gave.  On the revenue side, like I said, I think it’s totally dependent on job growth or job loss. If I had to pick two markets that could shift on me quickly, one would be Washington D.C. could probably get worse given the Pentagon’s announcement last week about eliminating 46,000 jobs and furloughing for one day a week a couple 100,000 more. And then on the positive, you know, I could see a place like San Diego having an uptick if some military rotations go towards the West Coast. But that’s really the biggest factor.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Great. That’s all I have. Thank you. 
Jerry Davis: Yeah, I can’t really speak to anyone else. I’m not sure what’s behind their numbers. I can tell you though, we are feeling real estate tax pressure, maybe not as much as the Sunbelt-dominating guys, but you know, our taxes – we’re expecting to be north of 8% growth. But when you really look back, like you said, over the last five years, we’ve done a pretty good job of keeping expense growth at sub-1%. So migrating it up to that mid-point of 3% is predominately driven by taxes. We think turnover this year will probably be roughly even where it was in 2012. And you know, we’re really – we spend the last four to five years making our sales force and administrative functions more efficient. And over the next couple of years, we think there’s ways to realize efficiencies in our service functions of our business. So we’re going to be hitting that hard over the next 2 to 3 years.  But yeah, I think when you look at it, it’s really maintaining control and driving down the cost of doing our service side of the business will help keep us at the low end. 
Jerry Davis: I didn’t, but I will. January, our new least rates were up – or rates on new leases were up about 2.5%, that compares to 1.7% last January. And then our renewals were up 5.9% in January and that’s down from last year when it was pushing 7. 
Jerry Davis: Occupancy is up slightly in January. Today, I think it averaged out 95.5 in January and today we’re at 95.4%. I would expect for the first quarter it will end up in that 95.5% range. 
