Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter and 2016 and 2017 strategic plan update conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A. During this call we will present our updated two year strategic outlook as we have done in the last three years. In 2015 we again met or exceeded all primary objectives of our strategic plan as to-date have meaningfully outperformed in each of our prior plans. Tom will address this outperformance and the next two years strategic outlook in detail later in the call. Turning to 2015, it was another great year for UDR and we continue to see strength in all aspects of our business. A quick recap of the team's accomplishments during the year. First our operations continue to run on all cylinders and delivered strong same store results across the board. With same store NOI growth of 6.7% a full 220 basis points ahead of our initial expectation. Second we delivered over $300 million of development which leased up well and we expect to hit our targeted returns of 6.2% or better at stabilization. Third we entered into two accretive problem solving transactions, mainly the $559 million West Coast development Joint venture and the $901 million Washington, D.C. acquisition in which we kept to our principles of self funding accretive cash flow growth and continued strengthening of our balance sheet. Last we grew AFFO per share by 12%, a strong rate, which resulted in a 7% dividend increase and meaningful consensus NAV per share growth of 15%. We continue to believe that growth in these two metrics translates to the strong total shareholder returns over time. Looking towards the future. We feel very positive about our business and our prospects. Multifamily fundamentals remain extraordinarily strong. The positive demographic trends amongst our prime renters, the 22 to 35 year old population cohorts, is expected to grow through 2030 and is not reversible. This coupled with steady job growth, gives us confidence that our operating platform which is our primary driver of our cash flow growth should continue to generate impressive results in the future. Our self funded development pipeline is expected to generate the incremental cash flow and value creation we originally forecasted. Expected additions to the pipeline in 2016 will maintain our targeted size at $900 million to $1.4 billion and our forecast to be highly accretive. Our ability to fund this pipeline with asset sales largely reduces our dependency on capital markets and as we stated in prior years, we'll continue to focus on improving our debt metrics. In summary, there remains a long runway for growth of UDR and we have the right plan and team in place to capitalize on the opportunity. With that I'd like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR associates for their hard work in producing another strong year of results. We look forward to a great 2016. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Thanks, Jerry, and please turn to Page 3 for some high level thoughts. Firstly we view this year's update as continuation of the last three plans. We believe this continues to be the right path for UDR, here's why. The plan's primary objective is to drive high quality cash flow growth, while incrementally improving our balance sheet and portfolio. In other words consistent sustainable growth that is funded in a safe low risk manner. We believe that successful execution of these objectives will drive strong total shareholder return. There are four key points I'd like to highlight, why we think there's a long runway of accretive growth ahead. First, fundamentals; you've seen plenty of published data on this and clearly demographics, supply-demand characteristics are in our favor and any good business that has good growth for a number of years means solid fundamentals. The second is strategic position, where do we start. Well we're in 20 markets, 50% A and B quality mix. We like this position. We think it solves for the number one critical element of any future growth, which is the positioning of our portfolio such that our residents will continue to be able to grow to pay higher rents. And third is the team and the skills. Operationally we continue to innovate, invest in technology and training programs all of which are designed to increase our margins, which now stand above 70% at the NOI line, extraordinary for any business. On the development side, we'll remain focused on looking at our risk adjusted returns and staying disciplined. Third is problem solving, clearly we operate in a cyclical economy and along that line there will be challenges and opportunities. We have a team that is very experienced of managing through these cycles if not anticipating these cycles and these opportunities. Certainly I feel confident that the team has the ability to capitalize on these opportunities as they become available. And lastly and just as important is managing risk. And we see ourselves managing this through first our diversity of our market mix, our discipline around our development and certainly a continued improving balance sheet set of metrics and lastly our transparency and disclosure and communication style. We believe these main objectives can continue our cash flow growth and optimizing our total shareholder return. We remain fully focused on executing them. With that I will turn over Tom to discuss in detail the updated outlook.
Tom Toomey: I guess I look at it this way. Through cycles these tend to hold up very well. And when you find markets that we look at income to the ability for the resident to pay, to our ability to continue to push rent increases through to them. The Bs probably have a bigger bandwidth in our mind to absorb it and then on the down side they are probably insulated more than the As. So I’ve always drawn to kind of good solid B in a great location as a good long-term cash flow driving machine. And so we’ll probably always have a good mix of Bs in the portfolio and we will solve really for our ability to grow cash flow over time.
Tom Toomey: We think it’s about 50-50 right now between A and B. And then over time those As will turn into Bs and we’ll have to continue to reload at the top end. But we’re always probably be a company that will have that balance of 50-50.
Tom Toomey: John, it's Toomey. I will just tell you, '15 we hit everything right on the ballpark, from ops to transactions to the financing of the company to TSR. And so I’m grateful for that performance and happy as hell to payout bonuses across up and down the entire organization and we'd like to do it again, frankly. We add all those metrics and perform at that level again, we'll be paying at that level.
Tom Toomey: Rich it's a fair question, this is Toomey. I think your math is about right and as we think about the joint venture, but maybe The Street doesn't always look through to as the strength of our partner and MetLife and their position and strength. And so they are very comfortable running these development joint ventures and then when they're completed, they will finance them out at 40% to 50% leverage which would be a high for UDR's corporate entity. But we're comfortable with them as a partner financing around that level and we feel that they are there for a long period of time and will perform if necessary and have shown a track record of doing so through many cycles.
Tom Toomey: I would put it at that. I think that's fair, the way it looks organically right now, I would -- everything Tom said, I obviously agree with as well. One of the things we have to take into account is that when you look back at what's taken place in the company over the last number of years, we have dramatically reduced leverage but over the last two years it's been clearly or substantially organically. And so you've got the organic improvements that'll occur but also as we have an opportunity to do up a Home or West Coast development JV. If we were trading at a place where we could issue stock at a premium, that does give us an opportunity to further de-lever the enterprise by acquiring assets on an accretive basis at a premium and that lowers the leverage of enterprise. The other thing I've mentioned is when you look at our current leverage levels with the rating agencies and we have had studies done by three different banks, as to where we are rated at the BBB+, Baa1 and what the sweet spot has been determined is at the leverage level that we're at that's the BBB+, Baa1. So, to go through a natural means to further improve that leverage and do so on a dilutive basis is not something that's all that enticing, as we think we can continue to improve it over time in the ways that I just described.
Tom Toomey: John, this is Toomey. I would just characterize it as this way. It’s not an element of risk and it’s more of an element we believe fundamentals of the industry have many years ahead of strength. It's just a function of pricing and opportunities and we would rather save our currency for where we can have more predictability and that’s in our development pipeline today. On the acquisition front prices are pretty good. I think assets still have some room to run, but we think, we want to be a self-funded company that can internalize our growth if you will. And the best path for that is continue the development today. We’ll continue to look at the market on an acquisition front, but really do not feel that pricing wise, we’re going to get the same type of returns that we would be getting in our development pipeline.
Tom Toomey: Not at this point, Greg. We are trading somewhere in the vicinity of NAV. As you know, there is a lot friction costs that’s involved. We’d be nowhere near looking at stock buybacks at the current date.
Tom Toomey: Well certainly, and again thank you for your time and interest in UDR today. Certainly wrapping up, 2015 was a great year and as we talked throughout that year, we're positioning the company for a great 2016. I think we're off to a very solid start on that front and we look forward to updating you after the first quarter.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. Our fourth quarter earnings results were in line with our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.41, $0.42 and $0.37, respectively. Fourth quarter same store revenue expense and NOI growth remained strong at 6.2%, 5.2% and 6.6% respectively. For full year 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $1.66, $1.67 and $1.51, respectively. Full year same store revenue expense and NOI growth are 5.6%, 3.0%, and 6.7%, exhibited continued strong demand for apartments and above our initial expectations provided last February. At year end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was $987 million, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 34.6%. Based on our current market cap, it is approximately 26% and inclusive of JVs it was approximately 30%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.7 times and inclusive of JVs was 6.7 times. All balance sheet metric improvements were ahead of plan. On to first quarter and full year 2016 guidance; full year 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share is forecasted at $1.75 to $1.81, $1.75 to $1.81 and $1.59 to $1.65, respectively. For same-store our full year 2016 revenue growth guidance is 5.5% to 6.0%, expense 3.0% to 3.5% and NOI 6.5% to 7.0%. Average 2016 occupancy is forecasted at 96.6%. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15, or Page 28 of our supplement. First quarter 2016, FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.42 to $0.44, $0.42 to $0.44 and $0.40 to $0.42, respectively. Finally, with our release today, we've increased our 2016 annualized dividend to $1.18 per share, a 6% increase from 2015 and represented a yield of approximately 3.25%. With that I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Tom Herzog: Yes. Sure Nick, this is Tom Herzog. To your point, the same-store comes in at a $0.12 positive number, development comes in at $0.02 which is lower than what we had in 2015 and that's purely due to timing on what got delivered. In 2015, we had [Channel], View 34, 27 Seventy Five, 2016 we're looking at Pier 4, Beach & Ocean, which has got some drags from 399 Pac City, Jamboree, 3033 and Domain Mountain View, all great projects but at this point there's some drag. So that lowered the development by a bit from what we would have seen in 2015. Some of the items there would have leaned against the FFO growth relative to the NOI. It would have been, floating interest rates are up about 40 basis points in our model as a penny. The average revolver balance is going to be down some call it $150 million or so that's a penny and a half and that was just due to the timing of that mid September debt issuance. The tax benefit goes from $3.9 million to $1.5 million and that's a penny. [Non-interest] exchanges picks up another penny. And then to your point earlier that is partially offset by the accretive West Coast JV and some accretion on the Home transaction, those are all the moving parts. This is as we'd have expected our core and basic growth going forward is just as strong, but we just had a few items that caused FFO to come in a little bit lower relative to the same-store.
Tom Herzog: 5.8%. But again it depends on the mix of what we are selling and as we think about how we fund our business, the debt maturities, which are rather modest over the next couple of years probably comes from refinancing of debt. When you think about the development spend, call the development spend $500 million including re-debt, including land, we can fully self fund as I said in my scripted remarks through a free cash flow, through our 1031 exchanges on land and on a portion of our development spend that the balance funded through sales and gain capacity out of our $125 million, $130 million. So if we choose to we can fund the entire development spend on a self funded basis and our debt maturities through re-fies. In the mean time we have a $1 billion of capacity right now on our revolver in cash. So, again that percent of our business being quite self funded. But when you look at each decision as it comes to pass during the year against these various forms of capital, those are the different decisions that we -- those are the different data points that we look at and we make a decision on how to fund the activities.
Tom Herzog: In terms of dollars that will be somewhere in the neighborhood of $350 million to $450 million, which is very consistent with our starts every year since 2011.
Tom Herzog: I’m sorry, just as far as what the CapEx numbers are? I can give you those real quick. The CapEx per door on the recurring is at $1,100 a door, for revenue enhancing it’s about $550 a door and then for A and Bs whatever the number would be, we plan to spend about $50 million in total. So you could do the quick door calc on that. I don’t know that I answered your question.
Tom Herzog: If you look at G&A there are a number of different -- by the way, you’re right. It was FTI and LTI that drove the higher G&A. Our metrics stand around things like same-store, development spreads, balance sheet metrics, TSR and then on top of that we had a couple of major transactions that were very good for our business including the West Coast development JV, the Home transaction, the Washington D.C. acquisition. And so we hit on all of our metrics in 2015 without exception and it did result in to the metrics that we have set for higher than average LTI payouts and FTI payouts. One of the thing I will have you note though that might get missed is that we have the transitional plan in place moving from the old LTI program to the new. So now we have a three year cliff left on the TSR portion and we didn’t use to have that. So the transitional piece is about $3.5 million of that $10 million variance. So just keep that in mind.
Tom Herzog: Yes, Jerry. From a same-store perspective, Rob, the 2016 same-store expenses, as a company, we would expect that to be impacted by 45 basis points, and in 2017 about 70 basis points. I will mention that on schedule -- in the Schedule 8 series of our supp we do footnote for the total portfolio and for New York specifically the impacts on same-store expense and same-store NOI so that you can see it with and without. And from an AFFO perspective in 2016 it's about $670,000 roughly just from the burnoff of the abatements and whatnot, and in 2017 it would be about a $1.3 million. That's what built into the numbers right now.
Jerry Davis: Nick this is Jerry. We really look at the Axio and Moody's data to start with, what they are forecasting is continuation of job growth, not too far off from what it was in 2015, call it a little over 200,000 per month. Supply is going to impact this year, probably a little bit more than it did last year and then in '17, there is a drop-off. So we look at the macro data and then we start looking at specific submarkets where we operate and take into account, how directly we're going to be affected by that. In addition, when you really go through -- actually there's a few other things to consider. We'll continue to spend about $35 million to probably low $40 million in revenue enhancing improvements to our properties that will add probably between 15 and 25 basis points into 2017 and probably about that much in 2016. And as we look further out into 2017, there's probably only a couple of markets that look to us, like they would be decelerating from the growth rates that we anticipate in 2016. Those are Northern California, Seattle for the most part and then we see some that we think are going to be improving and that would be the Mid-Atlantic, we also see Boston most likely improving for us. And then the rest of our portfolio whether it SoCal or the Sunbelt, we would expect to be modestly down And when you blend all that together it takes you from our midpoint this year of about 5.75% growth down to that 5%. So, again we don't really anticipate a recession, we don't claim to be economists. We subscribe to what they say but that's how we're looking at the business.
Jerry Davis: Yes, it's hard to tell at this point in time. We did see or have some occupancy and pricing power pressures in the fourth quarter, but as we rolled into January we started to see signs of improvement. Now new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter was 5.2%, renewal growth was 9.3%. As we look at January, our January new leases are up 4.2% in San Francisco and San Jose and that compares to 3.3% in December, so it is improving. And our January renewals are still well above 8% at 8.4%, our occupancies at 97, so it has strengthened. Now as we look at job growth which is the primary concern in those markets right now it's been running about 4.5% for the past couple of years and when we have talked Axiometrics, they are forecasting for job growth to decelerate to 2.5% to 3% and while that's about a 150 basis points to 200 basis points deceleration, it is still well above the national average of job growth of 1.75% to 2%. So we like to think it's all seasonal. We are going to know in the next 60 days if it is and over the last three to five years there has probably been two or three times in the first quarter when I grew concerned about the strength of San Francisco only to see things turnaround as we got into the month of March and April. So it's just a little bit early to tell, but on the ground we are not seeing any significant job loss from any single employers and as I've said as we've come out of the fourth quarter and entered the first quarter we have seen fundamental starts to strengthen again.
Jerry Davis: I think days vacant we have gone from about 26 days to 20, we are not going to be able to get it much lower, I don’t think, call it maybe another two days but we have been chopping a day, day and half of each of the last three to four years. It's starting to slow a bit. The only thing you can do to reduce it quicker is to cut rates that's how you can really move to compartment homes and we are more focused on driving rates. So we will let that vacant day stay about where it is. On the staffing efficiency I think we can continue to drive that metric even better. There is a few things technologically, we are working with our property management software provider to help us go to the next step on. But I would tell you as we created our expense budgets for 2016, we do have our repairs and maintenance coming in at flat once again and this is probably going to be the further fourth straight year that it's been negative to positive -- negative or up 1%. So we've kept that under pretty good control while we've been able to achieve turnover that's remained flat. So we use those guys times not just to push price down but to enhance service, which helps us maintain a steady turnover.
Jerry Davis: Sure, this is Jerry. So, for asset sales, right now there's still a tremendous amount of capital chasing assets. A assets, B assets, cap rates are very favorable, capital is readily available to acquire these assets, but we don't see that changing any time soon. Debt remains readily available, cash flows continue to grow and we're seeing investors, not just pension funds but also sovereign wealth funds, FIRPTA changes potentially have opened up additional investment in U.S. real estate to foreign entities. So, at this point, the disposition market continues to be very liquid.
Jerry Davis: Yes, we're going to have two to three starts this year, 345 Harrison in Boston and then one to two other JV starts with MetLife.
Jerry Davis: Austin this is Jerry. I would expect it to be a little bit less. We do not anticipate as you get to the back half of this year to have quite as much ability to drive new lease rates or renewal rates. Our expectation when we did our budgets was that market conditions would be a little bit weaker across the board, well not across the board, but in aggregate call it 70 to 80 basis points. So, if I do guess right now what I think we would go into next year with, that will be in the 275, it's probably going to be somewhere closer to the 240, 250 in order to get that deceleration for midpoint-to-midpoint of about 75 basis points.
Jerry Davis: Absolutely. Right now they are going now between 6% and 7% January, probably in that 6% well that's what we achieved in January. As you look out over the next two months, it's probably a hair less, call it 6% to 7% but we are seeing strength, I'll say strength. We're seeing a stable environment in our New York portfolio and I would add our occupancy today in New York is at 97%. When you look at New York, we're in three submarkets, we're in Chelsea, we have two assets -- or three submarkets, we've two down in the financial district, we have one in Murray Hill and we have our last one, which is a Met JV is in the Upper West Side. The Upper West Side is definitely the weakest of the group where in fourth quarter we had revenue growth of about 1%. When you look at the other three that are in our same-store pool which is the two downtown as well as Chelsea, revenue growth was 5.5% to 6%. So, we're not seeing supply issues anywhere except the Upper West Side. You're not really seeing affordability to a great extent right now and you're not -- we are also not seeing job loss anywhere.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I do, because a lot of our portfolio is B, with the exception of probably our Chelsea property as well as our Upper West Side. Our Murray Hill and our two downtown properties really do cater to that B-renter and I think people can trade down if they wanted to do from the A's to come to us and several of our floor plans especially over View 34 are very large. So people did feel the squeeze and had to double up, I think that would be an alternative too.
Jerry Davis: I will probably just cut to the chase and say what the benefit is to my same-store. It’s about 20 basis points. It’s predominantly coming from View 34 and these other two. But just to give you a little indication. Our New York, which Herzog was going through the two year outlook, we have said New York revenue is going to come in really within our midpoint 5.5 to 6, it’s much closer to 6 than 5.5. But View 34 was adding roughly 80 basis points to New York. So without that one I would have been in the low 5s. But again when you look at the components of each one of these that's going into the full year, this year call it 20 basis points. So without those I would have been I guess 5.5 to 5.6.
Jerry Davis: This is actually the question, I think came up from a call earlier today when one of our competitors was talking about looking at CapEx as a percentage of revenue, revenue on a per door basis. I don’t think we have that number of the top of our head, but it’s fairly easy for us to calculate and get back to you.
Jerry Davis: There's probably a little bit of overlap. You are right, part of what helps us fill vacant units faster is going back after lost leads. There probably is a hair bit of duplicity in there, what we're really looking for is again on the resurrection of discarded leases, trying to help out our site associates that at times you don't have enough time to do accurate follow-up. So, yes, there is probably a little bit of that that could be occurring.
Jerry Davis: That's a multitude of things. One, we spread the lease expirations throughout the month instead of having them all occur at the same time. Some -- it's much easier just to say lease has expired at the end of the month but when you do that you have 30 people move out of a 600 unit property, your maintenance team can't get to the 30th apartment to turn it until day 22. By spreading that throughout the month, we're able to do a little bit better. The other things you do as you try to entice people to push up their moving date. If you know an apartment is going to be market ready on the 26th of the month and somebody comes in and says, hey, I want to move in at the end of the month or beginning of the month, you basically tell them when they will be moving in. So you push them closer to the 26th instead of automatically just putting them in as a move-in on the 30th and that's cut off three days. So, some of its strategic, some of it is putting in more demanding metrics on our maintenance team, for expectations of when apartments need to be turned, old school way of doing it. You wouldn't go turn a unit until it was leased. The way we try to do it is turn it as quickly as you can from when somebody moves out. So you have ready inventory. But those are obviously the major factors.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think your Bs are still continuing to outperform. They have compressed at times and then widened but our B product outside the Beltway continues to carry us versus our inside the Beltway. When I look at our As they are currently coming in probably close to -- our A urban had revenue growth in the fourth quarter of about 1% and our Bs which are predominantly in the suburbs came in about 2%. So, revenue growth basis, call it 100 basis points.
Jerry Davis: It really depends on what you are getting for rate growth. If I'm pushing renewals at 8% and my turnover goes up a 100 basis points, it's probably positive to my bottom line and it also depends on how quickly I can reload. I don’t have the exact number off the top of my head. I will tell you my expectation this year for 2016 is my turnover is going to go for about a 100 basis points because we are going to continue to try to drive the rate. So I don’t think you are going to see it continue to come down. We are not seeing an increase in move-outs to home ownership. We are not seeing it from money problems. The one metric that is tending to migrate up a little bit is move-outs due to rent increase, but it still has not gotten to a level that I see is pushing an inordinate number of people out of the door. And if you look at that schedule that's in our supp, which shows the turnover metrics comparing this year to last year, it's attachment 8-G. There is really only one market where you see a significant increase and that's our Monterey County which went probably from 49% to almost 57%. That's also a market where we have revenue growth this past year in the low to mid teens. So we would do it all again in places like San Francisco and areas like that it's going up a 100, 150 bips and I will take that too, as long as I am getting renewal growth that's approaching double digit.
Jerry Davis: I'll start with that. This is Jerry. I see little risk on the expense side. Again we have expenses budgeted at 3.25%. When you have a margin like us, what really moves the business most is the revenue. I think I told you what we have in our model currently for real estate tax is 7%, it really doesn't have refunds calculated in and I'm confident that we are going to get some of those. And the other expense categories we are looking at and that we've built in, the second largest component of our expense stack is personnel which is about a quarter of our total expenses. We expect that to grow between 4% and 4.25% higher than it has the last couple of years as we have more competitive pressures to attract and retain our associates. All the other categories, marketing we expect to go down. Our marketing team has done a great job with both at our website as well as working with the ISOs or ILSs to bring down our cost. Repairs and maintenance, I don’t see that going up dramatically. I think we have debt locked down pretty well. So on the expense side I think it's not overly risky. The revenue side there is always risk and probably the two markets that we are keeping our eyes on the most, would be San Francisco because we hear all those same information, you guys hear. New York we're watching that closely too and as I've said earlier about both of those markets, they both today, it's not apparent to us whether it's seasonal issues that created the weakness in the fourth quarter, because we're starting to strengthen or if it is something more. But as I look at it there's really three markets that today you would say are kind of risky and it'll be those two as well as Austin. But what I would also say is those constitute 25% of UDR's total NOI. When you look at all of the other markets combined which make up 75%, we see strength. We see strength in Sothern California, the entire Sunbelt with the exception of Austin is extremely strong today. D.C. are still going to be a laggard by comparison, it's improving and we think Boston is improving. So, while there may be a risk in a market or two, the benefit of having a geographically dispersed and asset class differentiation between the As and Bs I think gives us pretty good protection.
Jerry Davis: I thought that there would be stable to slight deceleration and that’s mainly just based on how strong we see it this year. They are both going to be coming in our current projections close to 7%. If I had to forecast between the two, I’d probably -- it’s probably about even. I think they’re both going to remain strong for a while. They ’re both late to the game. You’ve got fantastic tech job growth that Marina del Rey submarket where most of our assets are located in LA and obviously that’s slowing down. I think the jobs still haven’t fully arrived. If I look down at Southern California, I just read the other day there was more job growth there in 2015 than there has been, since I think late 1999 levels. So it’s picked up. You don’t have any one large employer. You don’t really have significant supply issues in Orange County and in LA. Most of the new supply’s come downtown, where we’re not located. So I would say at this point, I don’t see a significant differentiation between how the two are going to perform next year, this year I would expect our LA portfolio probably to be a hair higher than our Orange County.
Jerry Davis: Greg, it will expand and contract quarter-by-quarter today, the differentiations by about a 150 basis points nationally. You’re right, you tend to see that differential in almost every market where new supply is coming into compete against our A product. So I would say on a national basis for us, that’s probably about what the difference is, call it 150 bips. I saw it probably reached its peak a year, year and-a-half ago when it was well over 200 basis points. At some point earlier this year, I remember looking and it felt like it had contracted down to about 50, but in the fourth quarter, it was about 150.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry, I don’t know how big a risk it is. Currently I wouldn’t say it’s a huge risk, but that could change in the next 90 days as we see more. So I wouldn't put the risk at extremely high. As far as percentage of my leases that come from those types, I don’t track that data or at least I don’t have it on me. I don’t think it's a very high percentage.
