Brian J. Dunn: Mike, that is the age-old question in retail and what our focus really is, our focus is to grow our business, our top line, grow our customer base and to grow up income as we do so. You've heard us talk about how important services are to us and it's our intent to grow that business. You also -- on November 7, we talked about our transaction with our partners, Carphone Warehouse. That is entirely designed to take what we've learned in smartphones and spread those connections across fast-growing categories like tablets to bring that connection capability to places where the customer is interested. And SG&A is a critical component as well. We believe that there continues to be room for us to improve our efficiency and you will see us aggressively pursue those things. And the bottom line here is we are absolutely confident we can grow our top line and our operating income and do so in a capital-efficient manner.
Brian J. Dunn: This is Brian. It is distinct, and we have been very purposeful in being, in our steady case it's always been that we need to be where the customers needs us to be. Value is critically important to consumers right now, and there's nothing more important to us than our customer franchise. So maintaining and growing that share in the places where there is growth is critically important to us because it sets up and has historically set up for us our strategies around connections and services and all the value-added things that we do better than anybody else.
Brian J. Dunn: No, let's be clear that mobile computing includes notebooks, netbooks, all the accessories related to that and tablets and eReaders. Mobile itself is just the mobile phone business.
Brian J. Dunn: Our business, Matt, this is Brian, it is absolutely critical to us. There's nothing more important than our customer franchise. And you're going to see us be very focused on providing great values to our customers so that we can get them, keep them or grow them into the Best Buy fold so that we can do all the things that we can do better than anybody else, and that's connect with services, that's to help customers with connections, all in service of helping customers get the most out of this technology. At its core, that's what we do. It's what we do better than anybody else, so you will continue to see us be sharp in providing great value to bring customers to us so that we can help them complete with connections and services their full technology suite of needs.
Brian J. Dunn: Matt, you followed this business for a long time. You know that that is largely dependent on product cycles in various categories. It's no secret that home theater has not been in a robust product cycle. You're going to see us remain focused on driving top line with our customers, share with our customers and growing our operating income. That's where we're going to focus our time and our energy.
Brian J. Dunn: Gary, no. Let me start by saying no, we weren't disappointed with the comps we saw coming from that. We're very pleased with how traffic grew across all our channels in the quarter. We're very pleased how they accelerated into the holiday season. That's traffic and that's top line. And we have done work on rationalizing some of our square footage. But again, I need to remind the audience, Gary, we believe that installed base of stores is a huge advantage with us. The way customers are leveraging our website, the way customers are gravitating to an in-store pickup type environment, the way the services business and the connections business is growing, and I'll just remind everybody on the call that connections business, about $150 billion of it is addressable by us a year, and we have about a 1% share of that. We see that as a massive growth opportunity. Those stores are a very important place for us to do that customer acquisition and make those connections with customers. We are doing a lot of work in getting our stores rightsized where we think that makes sense. So for me it's not about closing huge tranches of stores, it's about being where the customer needs us to be, online, in stores, on the phone and it's about us being priced competitively so that we can get into the world of connections and attachments and services that help customers put this technology and service of what it is they're trying to do. That really is our game plan and it's the hypothesis at a very simple level.
Brian J. Dunn: Gary, it's Brian. Let me just add on to the longest answer ever. We have every intention of being relentless around 3 things: about driving our customers to our brand across all the channels that we conserve them in and we're going to be purposely driving them across our channels; two, you're going to see us be relentlessly focused on providing connections and services better than anybody in the world for those customers when they come in; and third, you can and should expect us to be relentless again in driving efficiencies throughout our business wherever they exist. We'll look at every dollar so that we can provide the best of those 3 dimensions for our customers and our shareholders. Thanks for the question, Gary.
Brian J. Dunn: And we continue, by the way, to be very pleased with the iPad sales in both online and in our stores.
Brian J. Dunn: This is Brian. Exclusive brands are a very important part of our portfolio. We're very pleased with their performance and actually very pleased with their performance. Thank you for the question.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Mike, it's Jim. It is. And just recall that we had planned for operating profit to be down year-to-date through Q3. And certainly given the weighting of our earnings in Q4, we had planned operating profit to be up in Q4. We still expect it to be up in Q4. But I think the core point of your first question is where do we see the opportunities in the business to grow both the top line and to grow the gross margin dollars in the business. And consistent with Brian's response, Michael, we are investing into higher margins basis around connections and services. And actually, we saw some comparable store sales growth in Q3. The key for us is to make sure that our relevance stays high with consumers and we get the opportunity to grow those businesses given the footsteps we will have both in-store and online. So we've got to bring that mix to the right level of top line growth and margin growth. But one thing is for certain, we're not going to be able to execute our strategies in growing connections and services without the strong foot traffic and brand relevance that comes along with it. And secondly, in order to grow operating income, we've got to sell the more profitable mix of products and we're seeing progress in that space, to Brian's point, around what's happening in mobility and services. We also have significant opportunities to continue to work on our cost structure, which you've also seen great progress on this year. So it's going to take a combination of all those factors, but we're certainly encouraged by where we're starting to see some of our biggest business display. As we mentioned upfront, we had very conservative assumptions for what the notebook category was going to do this year and the television category and year-to-date, we're exceeding our expectations on both of those 2 very big businesses. So in light of the macro headwinds and what we see in the CE industry, we're using this time to make sure that we may remain relevant with customers from a traffic standpoint, while focusing on the profitable growth opportunities that will actually grow op income going forward. Probably a way longer answer than you're looking for, Mike, but I appreciate the question around about finding that balance and making sure we drive op income going forward.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Chris, just to build on Brian's point; in addition to that, if you look at the margin performance last year, specifically in our Domestic business, remember that a good portion of that was being simply driven by the mix impact of lower computer sales just based on the industry, where they were, in general. Now that notebooks have come back in -- and I'm sorry tablets have come back in and reignited that industry, last year we actually saw a benefit to the overall company rate by selling fewer computers. This year, selling more computers is actually a drag on our rate. We're happy with that because that means more dollars are coming into the till, and an opportunity for us to attach connections to those, but a big part of that change year-over-year is just driven by the mix of the computing industry in our business.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, it's a great question, Chris, and similar to Brian's tee off [ph] earlier. We see significant opportunities to continue to lower our cost structure in the business. We have been moving labor around very effectively within the stores, focusing on where we can provide the most help and assistance for customers and support our business models and being aggressive in places where the labor isn't providing the returns that we need. Also if you look at our cost structure, we have been trimming back on discretionary expenses and really focusing on those expenses that would drive the business most. We're very happy with the fact that we've been able to increase support in advertising our brand during that period while at the same time lowering expenses. And quite candidly, as we get sharper on what we have to invest to drive traffic so we can sell those connections and services, we're purposely going to pull back on those investments to fund some of those gross margins and pricing and promotional investments that we made in the quarter. So more to come on opportunities in that space, but we are certainly not priced for perfection yet on the SG&A line of the business. We've got work to do and I think you'll continue to see progress in that space.
James L. Muehlbauer: And Gary just to follow up, this is Jim. As Brian talked about, the key focus of us resetting the stores to perform stronger in a connected world also gives us the opportunity as we focus on the big improvements that, that will drive to the operating model. Brian mentioned the efficiencies that we also see in continuing to rightsize the stores based on the business we see going forward, which incorporates the assumptions you made around what's going to happen in connections and services and what's going to happen online. We continue to be on track to deliver the square footage reduction that we've talked about over the 3- to 5-year window. Last quarter, I gave a little update on the progress we had made on the first tranches of stores. We're actually doing a few more stores this year than we had planned, and we remain on track to see anywhere between 10% to 15% square footage reduction in those stores. But just back to Brian's broader point, that work is being done in service of making the operating model better, the efficiencies that we'll get out of the SG&A cost. That's a small portion of the story. The bigger portion of the story is the gains we'll see in growth and services and in connections while we increase those points of presence.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, David. It's Jim. Looking at that from a couple different perspective, one of the things we've continued to see in the quarter is that our relative attach rate of services across the board is primarily driven by the price points people are purchasing at or above computing items and television items. When we look at the attachment rate across those price points, they have actually held pretty stable and in some cases have actually grown year-over-year. My comments around the mix of what people are buying in lower dollar value in more promotional items, as they skew more into those, those generally come with a lower attach rate. So by ASPs by brand [ph] we've seen attach rates pretty consistent with previous years and actually growth in a number of the categories. But when our mix shifts to lower ASP items, we see a little less attach in that space. To the comment Mike Vitelli made earlier, also it's beginning to more promotional periods around November. Those are typically just lower attach months in general, just given the velocity with which we're moving traffic through the store during -- especially the Black Friday promotional weekend, weekend.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Dan. Appreciate the question. There's a number of different things going on there. Let me unpack that for you a little bit. First and foremost, we're very pleased with the way that we've managed the balance sheet this year, especially the inventory levels within the business. If you recall last year in Q3, inventories grew pretty substantially based on a softer level of sales than we anticipated last year. So a lot of the improvement that you're seeing year-over-year in inventory is based on we had too high inventories at the end of last Q3. We've done a much more effective job and it had stronger sales this year that's one component of it. Another component of it is related to some of the timing differences we talked about at year end around our payables and receivable positions. We knew that we had benefits coming in Q1 and Q2 of this year, which we've been talking about all year long. That's lifting the cash, free cash flow from those items. The other item that you mentioned specifically is the growth in accounts receivable, principally driven by 2 things. As our mobile phone business continues to grow, the bounties that were due from the carriers are a higher percentage of our receivables overall. That's one part of the growth. The other anomaly that sits a little bit in Q3 is just given the strength of our Black Friday sales, a lot of the credit card receivables we generated over the Black Friday weekend don't get collected until the next week. So we get a little bit of just a timing issue at the year end, at the quarter end of Q3 around that piece. So those are the 2 biggest pieces that explain what's going on in the receivable balance. In general, though, as we look forward to the end of the year, we're going to be in a much better accounts payable position than we were at year end. Our inventories won't be down as much as they are in Q3 because by the time we got to the end of Q4 last year, we had managed down a lot of the inventories. But we are still going to be in that camp of free cash flow $2 billion to $2.5 billion. So we're very happy and satisfied with the progress the teams have made on driving our cash flow for the year.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, it's really about balancing it, Dan, right? So we need to reduce our cost structure in places so we can redeploy labor against high margin areas. We've been doing that all year. So as you'd expect looking at our SG&A this year being down a little bit, we're investing more labor in the mobile phone space, for instance, than we did last year. We're investing more labor in the services space than we did last year. So in spite of investing in those areas for growth, we're still bringing expenses down. Part of our goal, obviously, is to manage that portfolio and hold expenses flat to bring them down while still funding those profitable growth levers in the business. We do see significant opportunities to continue to do that in the portfolio. The square footage reduction is just one element in doing that. But across the P&L, we see opportunities to be more efficient in our labor model and other things in the business.
Michael A. Vitelli: Thanks for the question. This is Mike Vitelli. We're going to have moderate impact with hard drives in the fourth quarter. The manufacturers are doing the best they can to get that into the best products for them and for us which means it will have less of an impact on the higher-end SKUs and probably more impact on some of their really entry-level value SKUs as they put the hard drives in the best return products that they offer for the industry. I would also add that that's been contemplated in everything we just told you this morning.
Michael A. Vitelli: On the overall versus what we just told you, it's not meaningful. It's within what we've been looking at for the year with mobile computing and notebooks overall.
Michael A. Vitelli: The iPhone, as you said, happened in the middle of the quarter and continues to gain momentum for us as our inventory positions improve in that category. I would also say I think, again to Jim's point earlier about mixing in November and different periods, the Black Friday week, which is extraordinarily strong for us, is a -- even while we had record connections in that day, people coming in and doing mobile phone set up is more challenging in that environment than it is in probably of any other week of the year. So when you look at it in balance of where we're growing overall connections and where it will continue to grow in December, January and February, we're pleased with it. And the inventory positions continue to improve there as well.
Michael A. Vitelli: We were actually pleased with the growth of some of the other areas of Domestic connections we talked about with mobile broadband in the computing department, where we put in an effort over the last month or so to get more connection specials in that area and start to, as Brian said earlier, connect tablets and connect computers as well as we're connecting phones. That's very, very early in our stages of trying to get that done, but we were actually pleased. We saw strong double-digit growth that were mentioned earlier in both of those areas. So yes, I would say that week 4 of November is going to be a challenge for any high touch type of connection or set up or install, but that is what that week is; it's a very exciting and start to the holiday season. But December, we're looking forward to that momentum improving in our connection space.
Michael A. Vitelli: I would say it was -- this is Mike Vitelli again. I would say it was both. We were clearly more promotional in the third quarter than we were last year, which is why we know we've gained share in televisions in the month of October and why we don't have December, November results yet. We would imagine that would continue to be true. But to your point, one of the places we saw the biggest gain, Brian mentioned it in his opening comments, that we saw a greater than 50% growth in greater than 46-inch units. So that's where you certainly see revenue opportunity. Also, that's a great category for us to attach services and connections as we've seen both 3D and IPTV grow as a percentage as well.
Michael A. Vitelli: Yes, as we reported we were pleased with the momentum that we saw in television. There was a positive change sequentially in what we saw in the business. But if you were there on Black Friday and watching that, that is a unique period of time for promotionality. So whether that's going to be done by us or by manufacturers at different points of time, that changes every year. But fundamentally, television is a core part of our business. We're going to drive the millions of units there. It's another area where connections are important as Internet connected television, DIRECTV, cable companies, all of those are part of those connections that we need to accelerate. And we still continue to use our private label brands as a way to drive the television category as well.
