Sharon McCollam: Greg we expect the decline primarily to come from the SG&A line. We're making these investments as we've discussed last quarter and we expect those to begin in the first quarter -- we've actually already begun and those will continue obviously throughout this year. We will continue to be working on the disciplined approach that we're taking to our promotional strategies and continuing to also work on our Renew Blue cost reductions as it relates to the gross profit. But predominantly our pressures in 2016 are clearly coming from the SG&A line. As we talk about the incremental investments that we're making, baring capability, competitively we're going to be more cautious this year about talking about specifically where we're putting them but when you think about the things that you Hubert outlined in quite a bit of detail we're investing in our categories where we see big barriers to entry such as appliances and in the mobile business. We're investing in our supply chain, we're investing behind our roll out of life events and gift registry, remember those are initiatives that will have an extended tail as far as revenue goes. So we're going to invest in the marketing and the capabilities upfront and then the revenues to flow at a later date. So again you end up with early on investments. Well also as we talked about making some major investments in systems, we talked about a new warehouse management system. Of course we have our ongoing investments in online, Hubert talk about the integration of Geek Squad into our business as well as some of the initiatives we have around our services businesses which will also require from both capital and expense investments in 2016. So those would be major buckets under which we will be investing, I will add one more which I know you all have seen the benefit of, Hubert talked about the adding of the packed sales and the Magnolia design stores within our stores. These have been very successful for us; we expect to continue to do that. The other thing you saw last year and certainly you saw us do it and you saw the customer response to it through the comp that went along with it. With the investments that we've made in our stores either the vendor investment in the physical presence of our stores or what we have done there, we're finding that there are ways for us to significantly enhance the customer experience through investment in the transformation of the footprint within the four walls of our stores. And we expect to continue to invest in that this year as well because like -- we're really very much seeing the customer react and respond to what we have done there.
Sharon McCollam: Dan this is Sharon, I'll take that. The payback on these investments is going to be back loaded the initial payback on some of these investments will happen in the back half of the year. The difference between the investments we've been making the last two years of Renew Blue and the investments that we're making now. These are much more structural and they will actually come incrementally. As an example some of the work that we're doing in the supply chain, we will roll out a portion this year, a portion next year and a portion after that. Returns replacements and damages is another one. We will create the capability online this year, then there are things that we will add to the system that we’ll implement going into Q4 and that will go into next year and year after. So when we looked it’s at 400 million that Hubert laid out we were very deliberate in how we talked about that because those are the areas where we are going to see improvement and cost reduction and margin enhancement. But they are going to be very gradual and incremental as they flow through. So that is how we see it and obviously we're not going be guiding it by quarter by year but basically over the next three years we expect to see these both not only driving the cost line but also driving the top line. Most of our investments right now and the once that I think are going be most substantial are actually going to be investments that are to drive top line growth. And so you're going see it both on the top line and coming through the operating income rate. 
Sharon McCollam: We see the tablet decline was the substantial and we need to make sure that it's in perspective. In Q4 we saw the tablet category down 30% approximately the NPD reported category down 30% and at any point in time Best Buy is going have a 20% plus share of that category. So it has a significant impact on our top line, has a lesser impact on our profitability's. As you know it's not one of our most profitable categories but certainly it drives a lot of traffic to our stores. The other contributors from Q3 or Q4 to Q1 is what we called out which was the 80 basis points of growth that was driven last year by the 1400 store roll out of ship-from-store 80 basis points is substantial. And so that is another pressure because remember last year in Q4 we only rolled out all of the stores starting in January. So we only had 400 store shipping in the first two months of the fourth quarter and then we had 1400 shipping in fourth quarter. So the year over year comp for Q1 is much, much more difficult than it was in Q4. Another area and we're not going into extensive detail on, it highly competitive, is also the discussion we had in the Q3 conference call around a more disciplined promotional strategy, Hubert cleverly defined it as following the rat into the rat hole so to speak around the Back Friday holiday sort of timeframe. But there are other times during the year when you see similar behaviors and so there is a very rationalized approach and we’ll continue to execute that, I am sure that you can see it flowing through in the gross profit rate. So that’s another area, but certainly less impactful than the other two that I just described.
Sharon McCollam: Sure, Simeon we continue to believe that having an extremely strong balance sheet is important to the transformation; we also believe that maintaining on our balance sheet flexibility in order to pursue possible growth strategy is important too. However, we do also -- as I told you guys we would, we do also believe there is a point where you're carrying too much cash, thus the reason for our return on capital plan. So, we feel that this is our first step as we go into our third year of the transformation as we talked about we have some additional investments to make this year and as we get through this year and we see how we progress of course this will be a conversation we have each year. We obviously are committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders, I think -- I hope at least that today’s announcement demonstrates that and we continue to believe that our approach is prudent at this point. So more to come, coming into next year, we got a year to deliver, let's just keep in mind we got a whole year to deliver here, but obviously today’s announcement shows our first step.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, so versus our original expectations for this year if you just go back to the beginning of the year as we’ve been giving you an outlook each quarter. The place where the year really exceeded our expectation was on the gross profit line. In the first-half of the year, we had the tremendous SG&A savings, but then in the back half we made some investments. So while the SG&A was certainly a highlight and year-over-year certainly a huge driver of our year-over-year improvement, the place where we really made more progress than we expected was in our gross profit. Two drivers of that, one is the investments that we’ve made, one came from some of the SG&A we invested of course which was in this pricing and promotional capability and some of the decisions that we made around that. The other thing in Q4 that we would attribute our success to was a highly disciplined marketing plan to back up the merchandising, clearly if the merchandise assortment was very strong in Q4 and then that was of course supported by the marketing which was extremely targeted, focused and affected. We told you guys, that the year prior that this was an area we had to work on, there was great emphasis put in that area. But in the end the other place where we saw an exceptional outcome was merchandising, inventory, there was a lot of drama in Q4, [put aside] various things. One of the core competencies at Best Buy is inventory management. And obviously our positioning from a merchandising point of view with the vendors also contributed, there were some great products and Best Buy had the great products. So it was a combination of a lot of things but when you look at the P&L and you want to put it down on a piece of paper, it was really the top line and the gross profit improvements that we've been able to drive.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, if you take a look at the -- go back to the transcript and what we said. We did see benefit this year virtually in every quarter and in Q4 was our biggest quarter obviously, where we saw incremental return from that initiative at this point we said and within that 400 million over the next three years there is about 250 left out of returns, replacements and damages. So that’s kind of an indication because that was potential impact of about $350 million. We have made substantial progress in this area and we’ve made about as much progress as we can make without measure structural changes to our system and our capabilities of being able to show that product in the online channel. So that’s the structural investments that we're making this year in order to take that initiative to the next level. So you are seeing -- your recollection of things we’ve said is absolutely correct and we expect to see more going into 2016. As you know we did bring up that product on the website it's harder to find then we would like it to be. Because of the way our impact and inventory systems comes together. So we're having to make do a lot of work there in order to make it easily searchable on this site and we believe that will be the next evolution of our benefits that we'll see from that initiatives.
Hubert Joly: This is Hubert and thank you for your comment. Of course we won't comment on the departing individual, but before I answer your asked question, let me say a couple of things about services. Number one, I'm very proud of the work that our 20,000 Geek Squad agents do every day in our stores online or when they go into clients’ homes to help install or support some of the toys that we sell to our customers. Number two, I'm very proud of the progress that we've made with our net promoter score in services in some of the new offers we introduced. Now clearly we also have a lot of work to do to continue to transformation I’ve laid out, a number of priorities around the transformation of our traditional services offering developing the Geek Squad experience, online and in a multi-channel fashion improving delivery installation and increasing the investments in marketing and selling our services and more boldly speaking supporting our growth in integrated fashion as we go to market with a customer experience that leverages our unique capabilities which of course includes the Geek Squad. So just in case anyone of you would like to apply for the job let me answer your question now around the profile we're looking for somebody -- almost a CEO for that business. This is a real business within our business, somebody who combines strong operational performance as well as a strong strategic and growth oriented approach somebody who is good with cost and customers, somebody who is good with technology and online as well as high touched experiences. And somebody who is going to help us improve what we have which is a great set of asset; but take you to the next levels. So of course we are launching -- we’ve launched an external search. In the meantime services will report directly to me, we will have great help from several of my collages, but the fact that services will report directly to me is of course an indication of the strategic importance we see for services today and in our future strategy.
Hubert Joly: Consistently in the last few years we’ve said that we would gradually and continuously optimize our store footprint and every quarter you can see the numbers both in our mobile stores and in our big box stores, these are minor numbers at this point in time, we’ve been very clear that we would not make big announcement because our priority has been in fact -- the biggest leverage for us has been to improve the performance of our stores through investments in the customer experience, the multi-channel approach and so forth. So it's been a good approach. In terms of retention, one of the things we’re very excited about is our investments in our Athena customer database and our more personalized communications as we develop these -- continue to develop these capabilities, we’ve made progress last year, we’ve made more progress this year. This will be very important strategic weapon for us as we move forward, as we can talk to the individual customer. Closing stores when you don’t have this capability is a waste of a lot of resource. So, I think we’re seeing the continuation of what we’ve been saying and what we’ve been doing.
Hubert Joly: Services has really to say two major components. One is the extended warranties which is more an insurance business or an assurance business and two, services that help customers take advantage of -- implements these toys that we sell them. We see enormous opportunities there. When you step back, the technology that's available today is more complex mixture than it's ever been and there is a growing gap between what these technologies, these products can do and the understanding of customers about the possibilities also it's increasingly connected, think about it 15 years ago and that's a long time ago. In our homes we had a personal computer, maybe connected to a printer and a fax line with dial up service and then we had a CRT TV, some audio equipment. Now everything is connected, we have multiple networks in your house and its complex and it's complex to implement, it's complex to support, its complex to take advantage of. So we see enormous opportunities to help customers in this area as part of our strategy to grow in the various categories we've talked about and we're uniquely positioned there. Because there is only so much you can -- I mean there is a lot we can do remotely and today we can troubleshoot your computer remotely using online tools. But there is a limit to this. And we have this gift which is we have 20,000 people, Geek Squad agents of the company and including those who get into people's homes and to support and set up a network and everything that goes around this, that's a very unique capability. So I think that's going to be a core theme, so there is going to be work on making sure that the extended warranty and products specific services are highly competitive and are effectively marketed and promoted and sold. And then there is building, you can say this professional services offering instead of capabilities to help our customers.
Hubert Joly: Why it’s an ingesting shift, right, because when these return products or this could be also end-of-life products, the margin on these products is actually lower by definition. And so if you sell them online as oppose to in the stores, it has an impact on the margin of the online activities which by the way means that in many ways the online channel and the store channel both from a revenue and a profit standpoint, increasingly become blurred. And so our focused first and foremost on improving as a whole, we pay attention to each of these channels but they are increasingly blurred from a customer experience and then at P&L standpoint.
Hubert Joly: Yes Joe would say a couple of things, pricing and promotion of course is a science where tools and science and experience are really important. And last year we invested in teams and tools and capabilities that allowed us to have better information also I think that our team probably would use more wisdom as well -- it's a combination right to illustrate the point. In some cases you may have a particular competitor that has a certain product with limited quantities and a price set up to or promotion set up to drive traffic to their outlet. In some cases it may make sense for us to match, in other case it may not make sense to match when we have much bigger quantities and they have very limited capabilities. So I would say the way we manage competitive reaction this year with the help of this additional science which is very helpful. So was very proud of our team there and its combined with a very strong assortment and marketing also give us more confidence to execute. Retail is really about execution and giving the ability of our teams to execute in an orderly fashion where I think a very important point of our holiday. So I hope these comments are helpful.
Hubert Joly: Thank you so much and in closing, earlier on the call I thanked our teams at Best Buy for delivering these great results and in closing I'd like to of course thank our shareholders for your support and the confidence you are placing in us. I hope that this morning we did good job of conveying our excitement about our Q4 results and about our opportunities and we look forward to continuing the dialogue and again thank you so very much for your confidence and your support. Have a great day. Thank you. 
