Corie Barry: Yes, I'll start and Matt can add color. I think we would expect that we actually set it as Matt provided the outlook there to be a higher level of promotionality as we start to lap some of the strengths, obviously, from last year and we start to get into more normalized inventory positions throughout the year. And so part of the color I think that Matt provided for next year would imply that. We likely are going to have to invest a bit more to remain price competitive, which of course, since the beginning has been our priority. So, Anthony, I think your intuition is right there that we would expect things to normalize a bit in terms of promotionality.
Corie Barry: So I'm going to take a little bit of a step back here in that. I think we strongly believe our competitive advantage is our ability to provide both support and advice across all the channels -- any channel that anyone wants to shop in. And obviously, there are different challenges and different modes of doing that across the different channels. But regardless, we know our employee, or our customers, excuse me, are looking for both that advice and that support across channels. And we've been investing in our capabilities and technology in order to deliver that. We've also talked about the fact that what our customers expect from us from a support perspective has changed over time. And it's less about that break, fix support, although that's still important and we need to be there when that happens. And it's much more about supporting your technology seamlessly across your devices. And it's more about is my printer staying on my network? Or is my content streaming the way that I want it to? And hence, the reason we've been migrating to a model that looks more like Total Tech Support, which provides you obviously coverage for all the technology devices in your home, regardless of where you bought them. And so it's not just about now from -- for your question, specifically, digitally, it's not just about the buying experience, it's actually about using digital across all aspects of the shopping experience. And so we have been working and we are continuing to work and if you think about the investments that Matt mentioned, in technology, we're investing in things like video chats, virtual consultations, adding digital checkout in the app, this is still all empowered by our amazing Blue Shirts [ph] who are actually creating these experiences, we're just creating them digitally. And so while the gross margin rate has been lower online, over time it's constantly improving because we're constantly improving that customer experience. And we are seeing increases in our ability to transact Total Tech Support or digital consultations, we're seeing more in-home advisor leads online as an example. So I think it's hard to replace that expertise and support you get by visiting our stores. But we are seeing customers get more comfortable with experiencing some of those things online. And it's less about exactly what channels have happening and more about how to in every channel we interact with you. We are constantly trying to improve that experience. So to your point and your question, it does become more natural to make the buying decisions in a digital environment.
Corie Barry: I think no matter what, Michael, people use of technology in their homes, in particular has changed forever. You have more proliferation and you're going to have more people upgrading more products and more people trying to make different ecosystems all try to work together in their homes, which I think regardless of the puts and takes in any one given year is a good thing strategically for us over the longer term.
Corie Barry: So I'm going to start with a bit of a strategic lens on that. And then I think Matt can chime in a little bit on the profitability of the [indiscernible] kind of question. When we set that target in 2019, the good news is our strategic hypothesis was spot on. The interesting part is we have made a massive amount of progress even faster, the customer has made a massive amount of progress. We knew digital penetration was going to grow pretty substantially. What we didn't know is that it was going to double in the span of a year. And so we need to take and we are taking the appropriate time to think about the longer term, given these seismic changes that we've seen. And there are lots of uncertainties including the fact we're still in the middle of a pandemic. And so we're testing and piloting a number of different models that are going to balance this kind of urgency for change, with the need to learn how the customer is changing their behavior. But what we can see in front of us, and then what we can see based on the plans we have in places is that we do think there is that room for operating rate expansion. And Matt will talk a little bit about what we're seeing even in the profitability of the channels.
Corie Barry: Thanks for the question, Joe. It's a little bit about everything you just mentioned, in fact. And so in other words, there are multiple ways in which employees can in many cases opt into gaining further certifications and skills. Sometimes that looks like within the four walls of the store. I might opt into garnering more skills in home theatre and computing, I might opt into garnering more skills around services, therefore I am more flexible throughout the store. In some cases, that might also mean I am willing to spend some of my time doing fulfillment work, fulfilling on car side -- curbside, excuse me, orders, or packing inventory in the back out of some of those ship-from-store locations. So I may add those skills, which might add more hours and more flexibility. And then there are some real digital experiences that we are leveraging our associates for. I might opt into being able to answer calls from a national call queue, while I'm on my shift, it's not that busy, and I can pick up a customer's question by a call, or I might opt into being more of a -- an expert that's virtual, that can help you with whatever your question is in a virtual connection through our app. All of those are different ways in which we're rescaling. And then you can imagine on top of that, there might be flexibility to go work in a supply chain location, or there might be flexibility to train myself into more of a technology job and be able to do that remotely. And so in all of those different vectors, we are actually starting to create training modules and create opportunities for our employees, not just for us to them flexibly, but for them to flexibly opt into different roles and different hours in a way that might meet their lives with a little bit more flexibility and progress their careers, frankly.
Corie Barry: Yes, it's a little hard for me to say what's optimal when we're still striking the balance between learning about what we think the right operating model is for the future and where we are today. And so I don't -- I would hesitate to comment on what we think the optimal mix is. I think what's important for us right now is we are trying to build in flexibility that will allow us to meet the customer wherever they're deciding to interact with us across those channels. And we'll bring a little less about exactly what the optimal mix is and instead really trying to figure out how best can we use that and play our space across all the things that we need to do, and therefore staff appropriately against that. So I -- optimal, I don't think we know yet, given that we're still in the midst of a pandemic, we still have a lot of unknowns in front of us. But we do feel pretty strongly that we are now set up in a better position to be able to flex with the changing customer dynamic.
Corie Barry: Thank you. Oh, and with that, I think that was our last question. I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to updating you as we continue to progress against our strategies. Have a great day.
Matthew Bilunas: Yes, I will start and Mike or Corie can add. Yes, I think, despite the fact that we do expect some elevated sales in Q1, as we start to enter in especially the latter part of Q1, we're going to be seeing a competitive environment where a lot of our competitors are comping some big numbers of themselves. And so we're just aware of where that might take technology and how we need to stay competitive in that environment. So you're right. There's the tale of Q1 is going to be leading up to the time we close our stores. And then we close our stores for a bit of time, the last other week. So there's a lot of different areas within Q1 and we do think towards the tail end of it, we'll start to see a bit more promotions and competitiveness as we start to see competitors react to their own situations.
Matthew Bilunas: Good morning. This is Matt. I'll take that and Corie or Mike can jump in. I think, fundamentally if we step all the way back, we believe the role of technology in people's lives is only intensified as a result of the pandemic and the proliferation of devices in people's lives will continue to support advancement as innovation continues. So that -- and the role we play in that is extremely important and even stronger than it was before. And so as we look at next year, when we think about it being probably a tale of two halves with growth in the first and then declines in the latter, I think we still see opportunity for innovation to keep fundamentally technology important in people's lives. Clearly, at a micro level there, you could imagine some categories could see a little bit of pull at any given point. But there's also an element of personal savings rates being so elevated now. Right now they're about 14%, which is twice what they were going into the pandemic. So there are a lot of puts and takes in the year. Fundamentally, the guide for next year really incorporates a view that as we get to towards maybe the middle of the year, we start to see that shifting of consumer behavior back to places that were a little muted as the pandemic hits. So we wouldn't characterize the pullback, but just a changing of people deciding to use their wallet.
Matthew Bilunas: Yes. If you think about the channels, which are increasingly hard to kind of pull apart, as you see elevated levels of online sales, you see a lot more SG&A leverage because there's a lower fixed cost basis to that. And so, while the gross margins are tend to be lower because they don't -- our stores provide an expert service and support that only our people can give. We do see a SG&A cost structure that is less. And so our job is to actually how to optimize both those channels together to provide the same level of expertise and support, but also allow the support and convenience as they work together. But that fixed cost leverage that you get online is important as you start to look further in the year-end with elevated levels of online mix.
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. So the thing about gross profit next year, what we said was it would be slightly down. I think the biggest part of that are a belief that, like we said that there'll be a bit more promotionality and competitive environment as we start to get into the latter half of Q1 going forward. There's also periods of time where we had some -- our stores closed, we did -- we were able to offer all of our services or installation delivery, there's a little bit of pressure there. In addition, I think, online mix being assumed at 40% versus 43% this last year, is that a meaningful difference in terms of the impact of supply chain costs. So that's why we don't think supply chain costs fundamentally are much of a benefit as you start to move into next year as you are assuming the same amount of sales between the [indiscernible] years. I also think within there, you've got a little bit of -- a promotional favorability was offset by a little bit of category mix changes that'll happen throughout the year. So fundamentally it's that assumption that online mix which stays pretty much the same.
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. I think for the full year, if we think about the top -- if we use the top end of the range, zero comp, we're likely -- our math would indicate a range that's a little bit higher than that, about 5%. That's assuming a 3%-ish sales, our SG&A increase and slight moderation or decline in operating or gross profit rate. So we -- the top end of the range should imply something that's a little north of five. Now certainly as you start to slip towards the bottom of that range, we'll look at decisions that we need to make to see if we -- where we want to end the year from an operating rate perspective. We do believe we're in a very strong position financially and we probably would resist making short-term decisions to overly manufacturer rate when we know we need to invest for our future so, but the top end of our guidance should imply something north of 5%.
