Hubert Joly: Good morning, Aram. As you know, we're not talking about holiday today. It's still – it's too early to provide any color commentary. I think we've made some positive comments about some of the categories that are driving our growth in the large-screen televisions, phones and appliances. That pertains to the next quarter and going forward but it's premature to talk about holiday at this point. I wish I could tell you more.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, so let's – we need to be very clear. The 5.3% decline we called out pertains to the NPD tracked categories which are our most traditional product categories. They represent about 65% of our revenue. So you have other product categories that are not included in there, in particular, phones and appliances as well as gaming and entertainment. As you would know, phones and appliances are growing categories. Now, there's not immediately available precise information on these categories but I think if you look around you would assume that phones and appliances in particular are growing nicely. So I would not conclude even though we don't have precise facts for the quarter, I would not conclude that the industry as a whole is down by that much. Okay? So that's the first. It's really important to understand from an investment thesis standpoint because the industry is not down 5%. Okay? Now, it's hard to track exactly the number but it's not down 5%. Now, talking about categories we are excited about into the future. I think we've been consistent in saying, in fact, in particular that phones and appliances where a key area of focus for us, these are large markets that are growing, they -where our market share is low, so that's a significant area of focus that we talked about. And you're very familiar with some of the investments we are making. We've called them out on the call. The area of connected home is also an area of intense focus from a strategic standpoint. And it's not just the lighting or the locks; it's the fact that all of our homes are connected today compared to, you remember a few years ago, you had a PC, you had a CRT TV and a nice stereo system. Now, everything is connected which provides opportunities for us. There's a gap between what customers understand they can do with technology and what technology can do. So we are there to close these gaps. So we think about these waves of technology and I've given you two or three that are areas of intensive interest. As it relates to efficiencies, I think our entire strategy since day one of Renew Blue has been a balanced view between cost and revenue between the customers and the efficiencies, which is why we have the second phase of Renew Blue cost take-out that we've quantified at $400 million. As a management team, we're as intensively focused on that second phase as we were on the first phase. It's different in nature though. So it's more related to eliminating waste, driving efficiencies in our processes. So it goes after more structural systems-driven improvements, which is why we've indicated that start seeing the results in the next few quarters as opposed to in the first half of the year. But we're not betting on the market to all of a sudden becoming a rising sea to go after these efficiencies. This is a dual-track strategy.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, thank you. It's evidently an important driver of our quarter. Let me try to describe what you would see if you were looking at NPD data. The market is actually not up in the quarter. It had been up in Q4. It's not up in Q1. However, you have something that is going on which is a genuine customer interest for larger screen televisions. And, in particular, as the quality of the pictures has improved, and partly it is driven by 4K, a large-screen television is actually very appealing given a set number of pixels. And so what you're seeing is this wave in the large-screen television. What you are also seeing for us, and let me emphasize this because it's something we control, the work that our team, our merchandising team, has done in the stores in particular to showcase the latest TVs is quite extraordinary. As you know, we've done that in partnership with some of our key vendors in the stores, so Sony and Samsung in particular, with a pretty dramatic exposition of the TVs, as well as investment in expert labor. So there's more and more knowledgeable labor. So for these new TVs, I'm going to be judge and jury, but I'm going to say we're the destination for this and the better customer experience is really driving what is a material market share gain for us. Now, looking ahead at holiday, I think the one piece of uncertainty is going to be what the average selling prices are going to do in the back half as it relates to these TVs. So there's no doubt that the customer interest will continue. But the average selling price, of course, in our industry has a big impact on our top line. And how much deflation we will get, I think it's anybody's – it's a bet at this point in time. These are some of the key mechanics of what we are seeing.
Hubert Joly: What's going on is that there is significant price deflation. And I think if you visit our stores regularly, you'll be amazed by some of the prices we are offering. So all of you on the call, I encourage you to come and visit. What is helpful on the flipside is the mix. As we are mixing into a higher weight of large-screen TVs, the average selling price given the mix is actually helpful, but the individual prices are going down. I hope I was clear in describing that.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, so this is a highly competitive arena. There's intense competition around this category. So I am going to refrain from giving too much information to our friends around the other players. We do see and as we've highlighted this morning, a material share gain for us, so that's very clear. I've also told you that we are indeed doing better, as you've highlighted, with the large-screen new television 4K. as is the case. So over time, we fully expect that this market share may go down as the new technology becomes more mass market. When that will happen, I think it's hard to call with precision. But we would expect that the benefit of what we've done will continue as I think we've really created a material difference in the customer experience as relates to buying these TVs. And it's still early in the cycle of adoption of these large-screen TVs and 4K TVs. So we don't expect a reversal in the short-term, but over time it will happen, always does, and then we focus on the next big thing.
Hubert Joly: Again, the answer is absolutely, yes, because it is a game of percentages and dollars. Even if the percentages stay the same when the ASP goes down, the dollar gross profit rate goes down. So welcome to our world. It's a world where we need to race constantly to beat these trends. And I think that what we're seeing in this quarter is the demonstration of our ability to do a very strong job taking advantage of the opportunities in the market. But it's hard work.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, good morning, Peter. I think that Q2, it was – there's a few things we can highlight. First, from the phone standpoint, if you compare to last year, we have two iconic phones in the market compared to last year. I think we can agree with this. Second, still on phones, we are now in a position compared to last year where we're offering installment billing, we were just beginning last year and it was just ramping up. And so that's another positive. From an internal standpoint, I would also highlight that last year we did something pretty much right around this time, which was the reorganization of our field structure. Remember, we talked about this. This was a very material reorganization. We're very happy with the outcome of that reorganization but as you can imagine, this was disruptive at the time. So these are illustrations of what is leading to a better outcome – expected outcome in Q2 of this year versus last year.
Hubert Joly: Sure. Yes. So the positive comments about the Best Buy stores in Canada is very much related to the impact of the store closures. As it relates to the U.S., the situation – I would say two things. We've always said that we would on an ongoing basis optimize our store footprint, so I will reiterate that. That said, the situation in Canada is completely different from the U.S. In Canada, the store footprint was driven by these two brands. So again, for those of us who have been to Canada, we have seen these parking lots where you had the Best Buy store and in the same parking lot quite often the Future Shop store. So that is a gift from heaven, right, because the retention there is going to be quite extraordinary if we manage to create something great for the customers in the remaining stores. The configuration of the store footprint in the U.S. has nothing to do with that because we've always had only one brand. And so it's not the same kind of opportunity which we saw in Canada or in what our Canadian teams saw is the fact that as many of you would have guessed, consolidating the two brands was the right thing to do and was going to unlock the opportunity to save on SG&A and be able to invest with our vendor partners strategically in the remaining stores. Different situation in the U.S. That said, of course, we will look. We're always learning, so we will look at what we can learn from the Canadian experience but the translation is not going to be immediate. I want to be very clear about that.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, thank you for your comments, because indeed, services is a big part of our competitive advantages. One area that I've commented upon is appliance delivery and installation. It's a big part of our growth strategy. And doing appliance delivery and installation right is not easy. You're talking about moving (57:57), making sure it's not damaged in the process, then delivering it in people's homes. If there is installation work related to gas or electricity or water, getting licensed professional into people's homes and coordinating the entire process is an area where – that we identified candidly as an area of opportunity, where we have high standards at Best Buy, where we want to make this great and a source of differentiation. So there's a process redesign work going on, both impacting the online buying experience as well as the in-store buying experience because everything needs to go well at every step in the process. So that's an example of fixing pain points. On the flip side, an example of providing an inspiring customer experience which is the – increasingly we're going to spend more time on the latter. And I would highlight a couple of things that we are excited about and that I've recently mentioned, which is the in-home consultations provided today by, in particular, by our Magnolia teams and that would apply to probably everyone on the phone. If one day you feel that your network is not functioning properly, and I'm assuming that that would be a widespread phenomenon or if you're asking yourself questions about how your audio or video system should evolve, we provide the service where we'll go to your home and will have a professional that will work with you, understand your situation, your needs, and come up with something that is a range of solutions. And when you think about the entire room around video, around entertainment, around productivity, around your home office, around security, around access to content, there's so many complex areas and being able to go to your home is something that is very inspiring. Similarly, classes, we've deployed – we're deploying in a number of our stores, camera experience stores where we have a hub and spoke system, a bigger assortment, better staffing, better expertise. We are also doing classes in these camera experience stores and for those of us who are passionate about photography, this is something that is inspiring, creates traffic to the stores, create, of course, add-on sales opportunities. So these are the range of examples that we're working on and that can provide opportunities for us.
Hubert Joly: With this said, I'm looking at the clock and, operator, with your permission, this will be the last question. I want to thank all of you on the call for your continued support, your kind comments this morning. We're working hard on your behalf to continue to deliver great experiences for the customers and great results for our investors. So the journey will continue, and we look forward to continuing to updating you on our journey. You have a great day. Thank you so much.
Sharon L. McCollam: Our expectations – the expectation for the entire industry going into the back half of this year and going into next year would be that you would see increased volume because of the lowering ASPs, which then makes them more approachable to the mass. And then that would be true probably across the industry. So you end up with increased revenue and a slightly lower gross profit rate. That would be how we would see that playing out. And I'll just add to that that another place where we are in our minds clearly being able to inspire the customer and be able to put ourselves in a better position, of course, is from the promise that we can make to the customer on advice, service and convenience. Hubert talked a lot about it in his prepared remarks. And we clearly recognize that when somebody's in a Best Buy store and they are looking to invest in this type of technology, which is complex technology that we have a service offering that is not available across the landscape of retail and it makes a significant difference when you are changing technologies like this. So those combined is one of the reasons why we believe that it's a competitive advantage for us to be able to offer this more encompassing experience for the customer.
Sharon L. McCollam: Michael, yes. We didn't guide the third quarter and fourth quarter at this point because we're still looking for clarity, obviously, around the top-line. I just described what we expect around the industry for television going into the back half. We are extremely focused in the back half of the year on executing against the Renew Blue initiatives that we had laid out earlier in the Q4 release and then of course the efforts that we have been putting towards our waste efficiency and other types of optimization, margin optimization initiatives. So we'll give you guys more color. We are very confident as we look toward the back half of the year in what we can execute at Best Buy. We are making a lot of progress on the system side. You guys are giving us the latitude of being able to make these investments in our future growth initiatives. And as a result of that, we have taken that and run with it. You can see what we have been doing. We actually told you guys we would allow you to track that. We gave you real numbers this quarter around how much we invested in the first quarter in order to be able to drive the type of outcome you would all be looking for in the back half of the year and that, we, ourselves are looking for. So we are – as we go into Q4, everything we are doing right now is to be able to execute another very strong fourth quarter and again the cycles are very – I think are going to be helpful to us. While we don't like where NPD is, we don't sit around internally talking about NPD being down X percent. Our field teams are obsessed with the ability to continue to drive our outcomes that are in our control, not allowing the industry to dictate it and if you saw the momentum that we're seeing right now in the fields, we haven't talked a lot about ISP, our individual sales tracking, and the work that we're doing against that. So we have a lot going on right now that we believe is all setting us up to really execute well in Q4. We can't tell you what the industry is going to look like, we can't tell you what exactly what products are going to be the big sellers but what we can tell you is that with the investments we're making and what is happening right now, I call it magic in our stores. We are prepared to execute a really strong Q4.
Sharon L. McCollam: I'm going to applaud our inventory demand planning teams and our supply chain teams here because the port strike seems to be coming up in a lot of announcements. We made a decision as we talked to you guys about in Q3 of last year that we were going to stay ahead of this. We did bring in more inventory, we did work with our vendors and partner with them, it was a small price to pay to be able to serve our customers. Being in stock is critical in our goals around our NPS. So we don't have a port strike story to tell you. Do we wish we had more? Yes. Do we have some pluses and minuses? Of course. But overall, the execution from those teams has been very strong. So we are applauding them and recognizing it's difficult. But at this point, we feel that we're in a good place, always like to have more but we're in a good place.
Sharon L. McCollam: So, remember, associated with the credit card that year-over-year last year we were down almost, I believe, it was 45 basis points year-over-year. So what we did this year – that was the transition period of the credit card. So this year we are obviously coming into a place where we are much more stable in the projections around the credit card and all transition for the most part is gone. We are benefiting in the credit card portfolio right now by a very strong backdrop which I would call the economy which of course gets around your loss ratios and other things in the credit card. Not to mention the fact that we're executing well at retail and building our portfolio. So it is a combination of two things. But the place, Matt, where we will be cautious – it's not cautious, it is a macro situation that we have to recognize is that the economy is tracking along. At any point there can be moments in the economy, both positive and negative, but the negative ones are going to probably impact your loss ratios. We tend to operate at a very high credit score. So it's going to be less impactful to us initially but that is the nature of these co-brands and private label credit card portfolios. So at this point, we felt like Q1 was a very strong quarter. We're maybe getting a little bit of residual off of the previous agreement which could potentially not continue. But as far as drama goes around the credit card at this point, we don't have any to talk about.
Sharon L. McCollam: Yes. We did continue to make price investment in the first quarter. Because remember last year, we were investing each quarter measuring and then continuing. So it accumulates and then of course it comes – whatever we did in Q3 and Q4 of last year, it hits us in Q1. So absolutely invested in price. On the phone reserves, it's very simple. There are some very strong phones in the markets. And then there are other inventories that you may have whether they are new or open box. And these inventories, because of installment billings, a customer buying a used phone or a new phone or higher price phone, the monthly charge of that is quite small, the difference. So I can buy a more expensive phone without a lot of financial impact to myself through installment billing. So it takes the valuation on some of the less iconic phones and it impairs them. And I think that the great news is that we are so strong in the iconic ones that we saw this incredible performance of mobile. And the other side of that, (44:31) driven by that is this – what happens to the other phones when that occurs. So we do not see this as a long-term issue or something that's going to continue each quarter but it is associated with the other side of our performance, which was a very overall, including this reserve, strong performance in mobile.
Sharon L. McCollam: Yeah. So, we're not guiding individual line items. And depending on how you're modeling, you could potentially come into a margin within a fairly wide range based on the guidance that we gave you. Again, what we're anticipating, of course, is that we're going to see positive revenue. And when we see that, depending on the mix of that revenue, we'll see how that plays out. It gets into some of the discussions that we had about this increase in volume and some of these categories you're seeing declining ASPs, but you're going to see more volume. We're expecting to see a strong – remember what we said, strong product cycle in television. So that is a possibility. But I think that when we look at our business, it is difficult by line item to give future outlooks. From an execution point of view, obviously we do feel like we are going to have a solid outcome. Now, remember, on the OI rate, Q2 is going to be one of our big quarters of our investments in our growth initiatives. Across the board, in just about every one that we laid out, there is a layering in of expense in the second quarter. So on the SG&A side, while you may see it in gross profit in the way you've modeled, I would tell you that on the SG&A side is where we actually are anticipating to see much more pressure. So gross profit is interesting, but actually the place where the Q2 – and this started, we talked about this even last quarter, it hasn't changed. What did change as far as those investments went, what did change is the fact that we're going to have the higher revenue in the domestic business, which gives us certainly more leverage of those investments in Q2. So that was a little circular way, you asked me a specific question, I had to go to the SG&A because in your modeling, you're looking at it gross profit, but it's really SG&A.
Sharon L. McCollam: Yes, so within that range, first of all, we feel very comfortable within that range. In Q2, you're going to see obviously a bigger impact than Q1. Remember, we only had one month in Q1. So I think that I've actually given you specific OI rate guidance for Q2, so there's no mystery in what Q2 is. Last year the international rate was a negative 3%. They're coming up against a very weak quarter last year, so the impact doesn't look as big in Q2. But if you got to the low end of the range that I provided on the outlook, which was a negative 5% for Canada, that would be looking something like a $0.01 or so of negative impact to the EPS. And then in Q3, it's going to get bigger and the largest piece of it's going to come in Q4. You got to remember that in Canada historically, their jump from Q2 to Q3 on revenue if you just look at the international segment is much bigger than the way the U.S. jumps from Q2 to Q3 and then it jumps again from Q3 to Q4. So that's how you should be modeling your impact as you look there. And then in Q3, as Hubert mentioned, all the work that we will be able to get done this year, we will of course do before we go into holiday. So Q3 gets some pressure from that as well.
