Sharon McCollam: The answer to all of your questions is yes, we are seeing benefits. In ship-from-store, the amount of inventory that has actually been unlocked represents about two-thirds of our inventory. So where we may be carrying approximately $3 billion of total inventory, about $2 billion of that has been unlocked to the customers. We are just now working on pricing. As it relates to clearance inventory, we're working through it category-by-category. Obviously, nothing gets better with age at Best Buy, so a gradual movement into new pricing strategies as it relates to clearance inventory and end-of-life inventory is a thoughtful strategy, and of course one that we would implement as we move forward, and that's what we're doing. But we have already seen margin benefit, which was delivered in today's results through the utilization of ship-from-store, and we expect that to continue to grow as we progress through the year, and the demand planners learn more about how to use ship-from-store as a pricing leverage tool. The big opportunity is from the merchant organization, where they are now pulling and pushing levers in order to move that inventory through the system faster. And of course, it addresses the problem that we've talked about for several quarters, where when we get to the point of clearance, i.e., end of life after clearance, when one store is significantly out of balance, we have historically had to take very deep markdowns in order to clear it, because we don't have enough foot traffic in order to move that inventory through that store absent a price lever. And now, we're going to be able to balance the inventory theoretically by opening it up and exposing it to the online customer. So you should expect to be seeing more positive, and the ship-from-store functionality in the company is only getting better and there is more to come.
Sharon McCollam: I think that's highly competitive. So, I'm not going to disclose it here on the call today. What I would say is that if you think about our product cycle, the consumer electronics product cycle is built on the premise of obsoleting last year's model and bringing in this year's model, so it is a substantial percentage of our business that we are running through on clearance or end-of-life basis.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, as you come into Q2, I think we will substantially offset it. When you get into Q3, we will be more than offsetting it at a slight level, and then by the time you get to Q4, obviously when you're picking out this much costs, it's going to have a significantly bigger benefit in Q4, and that's how it should look. The real message in the outlook today when you look at the first call estimates is where we see the comp in Q2 and Q3. The consumer electronics industry, as defined by NPD, tracked by NPD in Q2, was again down 2.6%. That's in the press release in one of the foot notes. Obviously, we're gaining share in multiple categories. So as we look at what has to happen with the first call estimates that we've seen out there is that we have to address this consumer electronics softness, which we believe is being greatly driven by a lack of innovation. We need some new excitement in those categories, and we are going to continue to work towards getting back to positive comp store sales. And we've got a lot of ideas, and you’ve got to look at that online growth this quarter, it is just significant. But the real key message that we wanted you guys to take away today is the pressure on the topline.
Sharon McCollam: Each one of them is slightly different. If you noticed in the call, by Q4 you've basically cycled all of them. Warranty drops off at the end of Q2. And then, the others continue until you get to Q4.
Sharon McCollam: Just adding to Hubert's comments, in the first quarter because of the timing of the rollout of the system for the two carriers in the first quarter, we did not have a full quarter of the benefit. And to our mobile results in the first quarter, it was quite immaterial.
Sharon McCollam: Absolutely. I think as we enter Q4, the in-store vendor experiences this year are going to be significant. We've talked about the ones that we've already been working through. We had the Samsung, of course, and then Microsoft. And now with our new partnerships coming into Q4, which is actually a time of the year when home theater clearly stands out, we are very optimistic about the opportunity to showcase such an impressive lineup of television and home theater for this holiday. In addition to that, I am very pleased with the progress that we are making on our promotional initiatives. Last fourth quarter, we talked about it, I don't need to reiterate here that we believe that we could have made some significantly improved decisions around the promotional activity and we have put systems in place and people in place. So the rigger around the promotional investments has been taken, I would call it, to a new level. And by Q4, you know those always grow gradually and incrementally. So I believe by Q4 that we will see that as well. Another area that we are investing in and we are seeing progress and again it's gradual and incremental is in strategic pricing. Now that does not mean that we will not be continuing to invest in structural pricing, which we've already talked about. But offsetting that, in the other pricing within the company that we do, which is every day, every product and timing of changing pricing, we believe that this has not been a strong capability. Hubert had said that actually since he joined the company. And we have been progressing in that area as well. So as we come into Q4, I believe that you will see a greater level of sophistication in both pricing and promotions. Additionally, of course, when I just responded to Greg is that we will be then comping all of our notable negative impacts. And as it relates to the services business, of course you noticed or could take note in the prepared remarks this morning about the fact that the work that we have done to reduce severity, while that reduces our revenue because obviously we're not fixing as many things as we subcontract for AIG and others, we have made significant progress in our selling process and in our services programs. And I expect again gradually and incrementally to see those be beneficial to us as we get into the really important fourth quarter. I think we all believe that there's going to be some exciting innovation in several of our categories including mobile some time this year and of course that's an opportunity to protect those valuable products for our customers and we expect to continue to remain very focused on our services.
Sharon McCollam: I don't believe that we have any reasons to necessarily believe that they are going to get worse. There wasn't much innovation in Q4 compared to Q1. So I don't know that we are viewing it as substantially worse. We think that mobile without the newness and the anticipation is going to be affected by something different. And remember, NPD does not track mobile. You need to focus on those categories and which ones, but mobile is actually not in those categories. So we think where you're going to see it, the additional pressure is going to be in Q2 and Q3 in mobile.
Sharon McCollam: When you take my comments and you put them actually into the P&L, the gross profit rate in Q3 will be down. Remember that it is the Renew Blue cost reductions that are offsetting those pressures. And those pressures on a year-over-year basis, of course, are in Q3 and not so for Q4. So I want to be clear about your question was if it was the gross profit rate, I think you said the margin rate, and I don't know if you were specific about gross profit or operating margin. What you should see in Q3 is a stabilization of that operating margin. But of course, you're going to see the lower revenue. And then coming into Q4, where we're very hopeful there's the new innovation comes in as well, you should see an OI margin expansion in Q4 in light of the results of Q4 last year.
Sharon McCollam: And I'll just add to that that in our prepared remarks this morning, we actually added comments about the decline in services revenue. While we are going through this transition on these mobile warranty costs, we've referred to them as costs, because theoretically they are. But the way that shows up in the P&L, which I talked about is higher mobile warranty premium costs, actually end up in lower commission revenue. That is how the accounting for that played out. And then on the service, where we repair the products under those Geek Squad program, as we improve the actions we take to reduce severity, it reduces revenue, but improves profit. So after the call today, I'd be happy to go into more detail on that for anyone, because we could actually have a great performing services business, and as we work on improving our efficiency, it could have a negative impact on revenue, but a higher improvement on gross profit. So I think it's really important that everybody understand that, especially as we go through all the operational efficiencies that Chris is introducing for us.
Hubert Joly: The installment billing, the fact that we're now starting to service is going to be helpful going forward. We say, though, that in the phone category, in this current quarter, there will be impact on the market of no new phones and the expectation of customers, maybe important new products coming later in the year. So while we're excited by the ability to delight our customers with the range of options and the fact that we are the only national retailer to offer multiple carriers, we are also aware of substantial softness from an overall customer demand in the short term.
Hubert Joly: Sequentially, the lack of innovation was quite significant. Remember we already had in Q4 the absence of installment billing. So sequentially, the lack of innovation was the major driver. We expect, Anthony, the installment billing to gradually pick up as store associates become effective and efficient at selling this. And so we're quite excited by this. But again, I want to highlight that in the short term, we are likely to see some softness. So over time, installment billing will be bigger and then we'll see what the new products do later in the year.
Hubert Joly: What I would say, Peter, is that I'm very proud of our team. We have in our executive team some very strong leaders and we've been able over the last 18 months to significantly not only deliver, but strengthen the management team. My colleague on this phone call being a great example of that, of course, with Sharon. There's one area where we need to continue to strengthen our capabilities, I would say, which is the whole area of developing great customer experiences and marketing. And so we'll be focused on that. Now each individual case and I'm not going to comment on individual leaders, but again I want to reiterate how proud I am of our team commitment to our mission, the talent that exists and we'll continue to strengthen it, particularly in this customer experience and marketing arena. As relates to the new leader of stores, Shari Ballard, I want to recognize her publicly. Our team is a combination of people who've been at Best Buy for a long time and newcomers. Shari is an amazing leader. I personally had the opportunity to work closely with her in the last 18 months. She is very strategic. She is performance-oriented. She knows retail inside out. She has grown tremendously. She is one of the most extraordinary leaders I've had the opportunity to work with. And already in the last few weeks, she took the leadership of our retail stores in the US. She tends to have a very meaningful impact. So we're very excited about Shari leading our store organization.
Hubert Joly: We're very pleased with the growth of our online business. I think 29% is a good number, and Sharon has outlined the key drivers of that. I would note one thing, which is increasingly going to be how to distinguish between online and store. And in many ways, of course we're moving to be a multi-channel retailer. But our ship-from-store do you count this in the store result or in online? Of course, we know that our store leaders are compensated and incentivized on the whole. Increasingly, we want our store associates to, if the product is not available in the store, to tell the customer, of course, I can get it to you, be it from DC, from another store and so forth. And we're very pleased with our multi-channel capabilities and how we can leverage that to serve an increasing number of customers. Now we are seeing, as any other retailer, a phenomenon which is a reduction of in-store traffic as customers spend more time researching online and many times closing the sale online and some of the times going into the stores. So we have the ability to flex the labor model. We've done some of that in Q1, lowering the overhead in the stores, which means that we are increasing the part that's variable and customer-facing of course. And one of the areas of focus of Shari is to look at how we can adjust dynamically the starting to the traffic store-by-store, but also day-by-day and hour-by-hour and category-by-category. Now over time, we've been very consistent in talking about the fact that we will continue to optimize our store footprint. We know that in the short term, our store contributing positively are our great assets. But over time, we'll see how all of this evolves, our traffic pattern continues to evolve, and how we are able to compensate some of them through our own growth initiatives. As we develop our personalization capabilities with Athena, we're gaining flexibility in adjusting our flow footprint. But this is something that will take place over multiple years. And so there're some of the things that we're thinking about as relates to that.
Hubert Joly: As relates to category growth drivers, getting into the next several quarters, holiday and next year, I would list probably a small handful of them. One is in home theater, ultra-high definition TV. Obviously we do expect some traction there, A, because from the customer standpoint it's materially different; and B, because we will be the destination for ultra-high definition TV with our Samsung and Sony stores in the stores, our Magnolia design centers, et cetera. Second, we think a good deal in traction in gaming of course with the new platform cycle. And while early in the cycle, it's mainly hardware driven. Of course as the install base grows and as games developers and publishers will have had more time to bring new products to market, we will see the cycle gaining momentum. I think third is appliances. You've seen our continued growth in appliances, driven by the housing recovery and expansion of the appliance section, the Pacific Home & Kitchen performance. So it may be less technology-driven, but more underlying economics and our merchandizing initiatives. And of course, we're seeing good traction around computing. You've seen that with our Windows store in partnership with Microsoft. Beyond that, we've talked about, I think, the industry as a whole is focused on new categories around health and fitness and connected home, just may take longer to materialize and produce a big impact. But there is a ton of innovation going on there. So less impact on Q4 clearly, but looking at the next two or three years, areas of intense focus. So these are some of the things I wanted to highlight.
Hubert Joly: So yes, our strategy is to be price competitive and that applies to the entire product lineup. We'll continue in the next several quarters this year to make targeted investments, so that we can continue to align. Of course, this is a complex field, because you have multiple categories, multiple competitors and so forth. But I must say I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in this area as well as the customer response in this area. So we'll continue in the next several quarters this year to make these investments.
Hubert Joly: So in Canada, our President is Ron Wilson. I was with him last week. He is a seasoned veteran of Best Buy. He's done a remarkable job adjusting the cost structure in Canada. Canada at this point in consumer electronics is a very, very soft market. We've seen significant industry declines. We're holding our own very well in comparison to the market. So very good job on the cost side. And the focus is shifting to driving the topline of course, along the same lines as our Renew Blue initiatives in the US. As relates to services, Chris Askew, who joined us about nine months ago, who is a 20-year industry veteran in the IT services industry, has done a very good job in a number of areas so far pertaining in particular to driving efficiencies. There is a lot of process improvements that he's been able to carry, materially improving the service quality around our various service lines. As we celebrate the 20 years birthday of Geek Squad this year, the focus there also is shifting to growth. So there is a lot of work he is leading around reviewing the existing service portfolio, the merchandizing, the marketing, the selling of these services in partnership with Shari Ballard in particular in the stores, as well as innovating. When you think about the needs of the customers in their connected home, there's significant opportunity for us to be their technology partner not just in terms of the installation of a service, but for the management of their entire services. So we have a pipeline of innovation that he is working in, in a very disciplined fashion. But of course it takes time to go from ideation to evaluation and then to launching the services. So a lot of work going on in this area.
