Hubert Joly: Thank you so much, Sharon. And before we go to Q&A, I wanted to give a quick update on the process with our founder Dick Schulze. So yesterday was of course the deadline for Dick to make a qualified offer and no such offer was received. During the process, Dick introduced to the Company, several impressive private equity sponsors, we all expressed interest in an investment in Best Buy. Now the costs of these investments however will determine to be excessive and dilutive to our existing shareholders. Therefore, the Company concluded to not accept these offers. Despite the significant amount of time that management has spent on this process, the organization has remained focused in our Renew Blue transformation and we will continue to do so, as we move forward for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. So, I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Hubert Joly: Yes and good morning, Keith. The line was not very good. I think your question pertains to price matching activities during the holidays and our strategy going forward. So this is a decision we made in October to make sure that we enhance our price competitiveness and fight the so called showrooming phenomenon. Blue Shirt teams in the field have been very credited about this program. The customers have been very engaged in this program and we believe that it has help improved our price perception during the program and so we’ve been very credited about it. In terms of impact on our margins, it was a big concern right out there in terms of the impact it would have. The impact has really been minimal, because in general terms actually our prices are quite competitive and as you know, we’ve decided to move from the pilot to a policy. So the situation now is that we are matching both online and in the stores. We have actually expanded the price matching policy to cover up essentially all product categories including accessories and hardware, and so far there is very few exceptions to the policy. The fact that we are going to make this a policy and make it permanent may increase the cost a little bit, so that’s a factor that we have in mind. But we are Best Buy and we are determined to be the Best Buy for our customers and of course our value proposition to the customer is not just the price, it’s all of the price customer promises and we like the response we are getting from customers.
Hubert Joly: Sharon, do you want to touch on the vendor terms there was a question from Anthony about changing vendor terms or concern about this, which of course is not the case you wanted to maybe make that point.
Hubert Joly: So let me be very clear, price matching strategy applies both online and in the stores. We sit under the worth low price guarantees. Gary, and first of all, let me thank you for visiting our site. I hope you’re buying.Gary Balter – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Well, I didn’t have the guarantee. So I couldn’t buy in that just…
Hubert Joly: So, would you like to tell me what’s skew, would you like to hand over that?Gary Balter – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yeah, I will talk to you later.
Hubert Joly: We are very customer focused as you can see…Gary Balter – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: I could see.
Hubert Joly: Yeah, thank you, Gary. And so this is going to be a dual process. One side of the process is to work with the existing sites and make gradual incremental progress. I’ve mentioned the number of things we’re going to be focused on and we’ll be ready for next holiday and this will continue. So this deals were the interaction with the customers, it deals with search, it deals with assortments, it deals with integration. One of the surprises has been the fact that we have these multiple sites BestBuy.com, MyRewardsZone.com, GeekSquad.com that have not been integrated and so the customer experience talking about multichannel even multi websites it was not integrated. So we’re addressing that with the existing infrastructure. And then in parallel to this, we will have a project to reconstruct, to redevelop, a new platform, and as you would expect that takes longer. We expect this to probably take a couple of years roughly speaking, which is why of course, we don’t want to wait a couple of years and we’ll have this dual track. So keep shopping during the year expect next 30 days some wonderful enhancements and then continue coming back and providing us feedbacks.Gary Balter – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And just to calm you down or make you happy, I did supply a 55-inch Samsung TV just before the Super Bowl at your store, so I am spending money as Best Buy mentioned.
Hubert Joly: Gary, I couldn’t be happier, and then actually looking at the site on my iPad, and you can see low price guarantee, it says well much prices on qualifying products CD sales and so forth. But the low price guarantee it’s on the front page towards the left in the bottom third of the page.Gary Balter – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Hubert Joly: Right, so we sort of look back in time and we think about what typically what 4Q margin looks like, that’s were the basis that we build that of course basically.
Hubert Joly: And I want to come back one second on Gary’s question about the price mix to be very precise, which is that the movement from the cyber space of our price mix into the permanent policy is much deferred, and so in the stores, from March 03 that you will see the new signage and so forth, but that’s just a transitional and very precise points.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you very much, Joe. And I love your question, because online is always number one in our thoughts, that’s a huge area of emphasis for us. So online first, we saw good growth in tablet phones and accessories during the quarter. Down the road, we’ll sell to customers the way they want to buy and of course, simpler products will be sold probably primarily online and more complex products will be sold more in the stores, and of course, the customers will have the choice. We’re focused on growing online as well as expanding the profitability of online. We have the firm belief that at the end of the day, online stores should have the same level of profitability. So some of the emphasis going forward will have to do with increasing, improving the baskets online, including one thing I mentioned, which is the ability, the easier ability to buy our services online, as well as expanding the baskets through recommendation, so lots of opportunities there. In terms of the investments, we expect we’re saying, we’re going to be very disciplined around the allocation of capital with a view to enhancing our return on invested capital. So we know what our priorities are and that makes it easier. So online is an area of emphasis from a CapEx standpoint, notably from an IT standpoints and we are focused on driving that. We understand that both from a OpEx and CapEx standpoint, I think that we are going to have these investments in the two platforms, the existing platform, and the new platform will create a bit of a bump if you will, but we’re determined to do the right thing provided that we keep this focus on return on invested capital.
Hubert Joly: And just before we conclude, I would like to and of course, share our excitements about the early momentum we are seeing here and thank you for your support. This is going to be a very exciting journey. We’re going to have ongoing dialogues around this. We look forward to continuously updating you on our progress and are building momentum. So thank you for your support and continued interest.
Sharon McCollam: Anthony this is Sharon and I’ll take that question. In order to do that obviously, I just joined the Company when we release the previous cash flow guidance, and we had at the time I joined, we were discussing and the organization was already discussing actions to take as it relates to working capital management. So subsequent to that time, there were several things that we did that drove this, and the biggest of them and then there was one that is not driven, it is a result of the business change in Europe. So let me walk through that in a little more detail. First of all, the inventory was ended lower than we anticipated, and a portion of that was the additional sales but in addition to that we did an entire study of our layer of our inventory that with very slow moving, and that was eligible for return-to-vendor. And so we had a full core cuts in the organization on taking this non-productive working capital and returning it to vendors. Now this is a process that when you think drove it you go from the store to a regional sensor from the regional center to the vendor the paperwork got to be intact and then you can legitimately deduct that account payables that you would owe to the vendors thus turning it into cash. So who have guided a process that we had not historically executed and now of course, has become part of our baseline execution would have been probably a little bit premature, but the execution of this yielded well over $300 million of additional cash flow. So we were thrilled with the execution of proxy organization that with (inaudible) and that was one driver. The next – the second driver is that if you recall from my prepared remarks in Europe, we talked about the fact that they had a significantly higher mix of post sales during the quarter. And as part of this business to business sales effort activities being somewhat higher than anticipated, the payment terms at inventory purchases associated with the B2B business are substantially longer. So Europe delivered a substantial benefit international and general delivered, but it was all really came out of Europe and that brought in virtually – actually slightly more than the balance. And then of course, because of our stronger performance, we did have some slightly higher receivables, which were the offset. So that is what drove in, it was pure operational execution. And then on top of that, Anthony, the smallest piece, but truly is aggressive tax management. We as a company have not necessarily have disciplines in place around that area and of course, going forward again we’re building into our processes a much more thoughtful approach to cash management with all of our vendors, and I’m not just talking about vendors associated with our inventory purchases, but our generally we do a lot of purchasing as you can tell from our SG&A initiative around traffic-generating to deal with product for resale. So that’s another area that we’ve gone after.
Sharon McCollam: Yes. Anthony, we affirmed that in fiscal ‘13 there were no changes in vendor terms, I know that people, people were trying to get their head around this, and they are trying to understand it, but that had nothing to do with the $500 million. It all had to do with bringing the inventory in earlier, because of the calendar, and all of the things that we talked about in our last press release were exactly, how it came out. Had we not done this aggressive return of slow-moving inventory that has return capabilities with the vendors, this number would have been back into that range, if you take out the benefit from the shift in revenue in Europe to wholesale.Anthony C. Chukumba – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay that’s very helpful color. Good luck with fiscal year ‘14 and keep up the good work.
Sharon McCollam: Yes. Greg, your question kind of a little bit, but I think what your question is in the SG&A that we’ve reported in the fourth quarter, it was up substantially or bit more than you might have anticipated and you wanted to know how much of that was going to continue into 2014. So I will answer that question and if that’s not right, you can come back and ask and help me with that question. As far as the changes and what we talked about in the press release is that, there was a credit last year that did not recur this year. We also in the fourth quarter has some legal reserves that we had recorded that of course, we don’t have those frequently, so there was somethings that were unusual that way. As I look at the SG&A, I perhaps would be more effective in answering this question by stepping back and just talking about SG&A and talking about our SG&A cost reduction initiatives. My early observations having been here just now a short time, but in total agreement would be there is that the SG&A infrastructure at Best Buy is too high. There are some investments in the numbers that we are looking at in Q4 related to the Renew Blue field compensation plan that was put into place and there are investments right now in Q4 that are related to this IT transition. We are bringing – we’re in-sourcing aspects of IT and doing other in-sourcing and we got double costs, those will not continue. But looking at the cost base just in general, it is not in anyway optimize and we have significant incremental opportunity, the $150 million was our first set at reducing the cost, and it is not all about headcount, a significant piece of this is going to come from non-payroll and benefit related reductions and it is going to come gradually and incrementally during the year. So in Q1, we are hit really hard with this base of cost that was added early last year that we are not – we’ll not be continuing in our cycle. We’ve taken out a piece of it, we’re going to take out another piece, and we are already prepared to announce additional reductions for Q2, which we’ll talk more about in a few weeks or so from now or next release. And then we have additional reductions with the Cadence throughout the balance of the year. So to summarize, I would say there is a piece of this that will continue, and then you’ll see gradual and incremental reduction. Q1 is going to have a lot of pressures, Q2 still has pressure. We’re going to have the charges associated, we’ve taken the cost out, then Q3 and Q4, we are going to be slimmer and we will continue to take cost out going forward.
Sharon McCollam: Chris, this is Sharon. I’m going to take that question. I think that you have to take a look at 2013 the fiscal year and look at it by quarter. And what you saw throughout the year was that the more competitive environment playing out in the growth profit rates, so now we’ve gotten into Q4 and what we believe is that we will continue, Q4 was a more promotional quarter especially in Europe, so when you’re looking at the enterprise level, I am talking about the domestic business now. When you look at Q4, we believe that coming off of that level you are going to start seeing stabilization in that margin and our hope would be to our supply chain and our cost efficiencies, and cost to good sold initiatives under Renew Blue, we can improve that. But this is going to be the challenge for Q1. It was throughout the year that we saw the competitive pricing environment escalate and up against Q1, we are going to have a talent in the gross margin because last year was so much strong. So that’s how you should think about it going forward, but just to put that I am not giving guidance but as just pointed out for all of you so that you can model. Please take a look at that and you’re going to see what I am talking about.
Sharon McCollam: I think Q4 was because of the impact that we saw from Europe and some other things, I think it was a little bit lower but yes, you need to take a lot at how the year progressed and now we feel that we are in a place where we can start stabilizing and building.
Sharon McCollam: And Hubert, I might just add one more highlight on.com, for the fourth quarter, which is on top of that 11% growth. We also had a improvement in the gross profit rates. So despite the investments we made in the marketing and the price match, we did start seeing an improvement in the profitability in the gross profit in the online business, which of course, is also very encouraging as we start making these investments. So thank you.
