Brian Dunn: We follow the same news and read the same reports and have the same data points you do. Certainly, the CE industry was a bit weaker as the quarter unfolded than we had anticipated. Our traffic's been choppy sort of month by month. I think there are couple of things; one, clearly the event customers are still coming out, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, spending and spending well around sort of traditional drive times for us. I also think this industry is loaded for a lot of very interesting product launches in the back-half, and I think that will help drive consumer interest. And again, we're reading the same things you are, but this quarter was a bit choppier than we thought it would be in terms of demand.
Brian Dunn: Dave, I think that it's a very good question. I think, first let me talk on the connectivity. You're going to see that show up first and foremost in gross margin rate expansion as the year and then years unfold, and there is no doubt that there is some front-end investing and capabilities that we need to put forward to realize those. I certainly think over time you will see us begin to basically leverage those, but it does require investment from us to realize and create those differentiated experiences that delivers the gross margin expansion for us.
Brian Dunn: From a historical perspective at Best Buy, David, as you know, we have a long history of moving into new spaces aggressively and looking to differentiate for our customers. We also have a long history of bringing efficiency to those spaces as we learn how to operate in those businesses. That's sort of right in our wheelhouse.
Brian Dunn: Now, earlier to the question Mike, I mentioned that the customer had been choppy for us in the first quarter, and that's absolutely true. But that really hasn't done anything to mitigate our confidence that the customer is going to be there, and looking for the sort of the latest and greatest technology, the connected solutions that we bring together. In fact, we remain quite confident about that.
Brian Dunn: Two points I'd add to Jim's answer; one, we didn't do anything in Q1 to close the pipe in terms of being out there in the marketplace and priced right and offering the right sort of value. So we didn't do anything that purposely mitigate or remediate the revenue we see. And I would also remind you that Q1 was probably our toughest gross margin comparison year-over-year, as a year ago in Q1 we had a 70 basis point improvement year-over-year, and now here we are with an improvement on top of that. So we're not taking any victory laps about it but we see it as a positive sign as we move forward in this year.
Brian Dunn: Longest answer ever, I apologize to everybody in the call. We're seeing the consumer response where they have interest. On the call I mentioned the response to the new Android 4G HTC EVO. It was our largest pre-sell ever. So the consumer is coming out when there are new things that are sparking their interest, and they all tend to be around this connected world, this notion of connectivity that we've been discussing.
Brian Dunn: As the year unfolds at the appropriate times and places, you will see our voice get very loud. You will see us get very loud behind new technologies. You will see us on television more frequently as we approach drive times and product offerings that make sense to our customers.
Brian Dunn: I think what we'll do here is we'll ask Shari to comment on the store reset then we'll ask Michael comment on our new used game business.
Brian Dunn: We think the timing of this business, Matt, is really terrific too. As we look at what's happening in gaming, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with Microsoft's announcement of E3 yesterday around Kinect, their interactive motion-based gaming, and the firmware updates that are happening with PS3 which we think will accelerate the adoption of 3D gaming, we think the timing for us to get into used games business and help our customers realize some currency from their older games we think is a very strong customer preposition.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes, we can Gary, because once again it's predicated on the sales volume that we see. The leverage that we traditionally pulled, and you saw us do it over the last certainly a couple of years is that we'll adjust labor accordingly as we see sales move up or down versus our expectation, so there is clearly a variable component of that. The other element that impacts SG&A certainly is the amount of incentive pay that we'll pay up for the year. It's predicated on us delivering our annual operating objectives. So if we incur higher profitability in the year like we did last year, we'll be taking the extent of expense up, but that would be net good news on the bottom-line; conversely, if we see consumer behavior and the water level a little short of where we expect, we'll see some benefits from lower incentive expense year-over-year. So those levers are there. I think the thing that we do see in our base performance obviously is that the investments that we're making for the long-term in connectivity around setting stores, opening up Best Buy Mobile standalone stores, as long as we continue to see consumer appetite for those, even if we have a blip in the quarter around consumer behavior, those are going to be good investments for the long-term, and they are traditionally the things that we would not pull back on just to hit a short-term quarter number, if we just think it's a blip in the environment.
Jim Muehlbauer: We believe that we continue to get our unfair positive share of that as we move out every month based upon our pretty extensive collaborative planning with our suppliers.
Jim Muehlbauer: Dave, we're happy to invest in more labor dollars when they're driving higher gross profit dollars. So examples that we see, like our Best Buy Mobile business, our cost to execute that within the stores given the model that we have in place is one of our more cost-intensive areas. But the profit dollars that come along with that are also much higher. So as we mix the business going forward, we see kind of a couple of things happening. Number one is, we're going to invest more in putting our blue shirts in a position to talk to customers about the connectivity offerings and solutions that will work for them. That is the differentiator in our model; we actually engineer people into the equation to help them get what they want. That comes with a cost, but the margins and the profit pools that we're now competing in will afford us to do that. Secondly, we still see some opportunities to continue to get leverage in SG&A from our core operations behind the scenes. So on balance, I think the leverage you'll see going forward will be more gross margin orientated with still SG&A leverage, but a little less. I think if you look at our SG&A spending versus our top quartile retail peers, we're not online on what we spend, and we're actually, as I said earlier, engineering people into the equation. But our focus is really clear; driving higher connections, which are more profitable to our business model, putting labor in the right amounts in the right spaces to make that connection for customers, and then continuing to leverage the scale that we have as a business. And I think as we've talked before, the other significant leverage opportunity that sits in SG&A is that we think we can derive a large amount of our future growth and profitability without the relative expansion of new stores that we've experienced over the last five or ten years. So without that new bricks and mortar component we're certainly going to see leverage in SG&A as well.
Jim Muehlbauer: As listed in the indexes that was the smallest driver of our SG&A overall. And every quarter we're going to have a few things, whether a settlement of legal matters or one-time costs, et cetera in the ramp of SG&A year-over-year. And more importantly, as they compare to our plans in the quarter, it was a driver but it wasn't a material driver.
Jim Muehlbauer: I think I would pull that apart just a little differently to be honest with you I think if you look at how the business performed last year in Q4, when we posted the seven comp in our domestic business. So if we talked at that time, we purposely chose to assort products that consumers had high interest in, around smaller screen sized TVs, as Mike Vitelli just talked about the impact of the DTV conversion and the explosive growth that was happening in the notebook business. If I look at the rates in the categories that we are selling, we had stable to growing rates in those categories. The overall margin rate went down solely due to mix. As we look into business now in Q1, we see a little bit overall consumer softness more than what we had planned, and we see some rate improvement. Certainly some of that has been driven by just (lapping) the mix that we saw last year in the business. But also, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing much bigger impact around kind of the promotional effectiveness we've seen to drive business in areas where we're providing the consumer benefit. We're learning that there's ways to do that without as much incentive support as we provided in the past. So as we talk internally, we clearly talk about, we are going to grow our gross margin rate by selling customer solutions that they're looking for. It's not a game that we're deciding, hey, let's have a higher comp sales number, lower gross margin rate or vice versa quarter-by-quarter. We're trying to go where the customer's going, with the solutions that they need, and then actually use all parts of our model to improve the gross profit rate.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes, well, it's part of the benefit, Chris, of having just a broad portfolio of products. So versus some of our competitors who have much more narrow scope of product selection in the categories they talk about, certainly it's what we see as an opportunity as we talk about connected solutions and the business models associated with those. That is still very hot. But I think to Mike Vitelli's point, the most efficient way to drive traffic for the long term is when we line up what's real new news in the marketplace around spending our vendors are doing that drives people into our business, as Brian mentioned, during key drive times. So as we look at our business going forward, certainly if customers are going to be there doing the key drive times and new products, that's the most effective time for us to do it in the portfolio. Trying to pulse the business off a drive time has not historically provided a better customer experience or a longer-term financial proposition that has made sense for us.
Jim Muehlbauer: A couple of pieces there, Alan. We've maintained all aspects of our guidance. So we still see the comp of 1 to 3 for the year. As I mentioned in my comments, Q1 has not been a historically strong indicator of what consumer behavior is going to be for the year. So it's just too early to call out. So we did fall a little short of our plan in maintaining a guidance of 1 to 3. There is room in that guidance range, but clearly we expect to recoup that as we move through the year given the product cycles that we see coming. And we'll just have to see what happens during our key selling season around the holiday time. So no changes on that front. Correspondingly, same with the EPS guidance. Based on what we see today in Q1, $3.45 to $3.60 is still the best range we have for the year. Certainly we'll continue to evaluate it and adjust it, like we have in previous years, when we have a better indicator. But overall, I think that the SG&A spend is what we spent in advance to Q1 versus what we thought was actually $30 million to $50 million more than our internal plans. So on the balance of the SG&A spend for the entire wasn't a huge mover. We have plenty of flexibility to moderate that overall. The point to reiterating our SG&A conversation is when you have a small dollar quarter like Q1, small changes in SG&A obviously have a big EPS impact. On balance for the year, we still feel very good about the guidance range we have out there.
Jim Muehlbauer: Actually the impact of the dollar change on our bottom-line, given the overall profitability of those countries, is not a real meaningful impact. It certainly impacts total sales dollars and SG&A dollars overall, but the net bottom-line impact is not a big mover in the mix.
Jim Muehlbauer: That is fair. But if you look at the weight of the business that's in Q1 versus previous quarters, Q1 is our smallest, it's 10% of our year. So as I look at the opportunity to make up that shortfall in Q1, we have a significant opportunity to make it up in Q2, Q3 and especially Q4. You've been watching the business for a number of years. Look at last year for instance. We took guidance about in Q3, and we finished there even stronger than we thought by many sense more than what we're talking about in Q1. And we did this last year in Q1 from a different lens when we over-delivered on expectations through higher gross margin performance. We are very careful in saying don't get overly excited about the level of improvement in gross margins in Q1 last year, because we see that tempering as the year goes on. Our callout here in Q1 is that while we're disappointed, don't get overly pessimistic, that we think the year is going to pan out materially different than we originally thought. It's still very early. We control many of the levers from the spending standpoint, and we'll see what the consumer actually does. We're confident that our plans in driving margin expanse into the gross profit lever are going to continue to ramp and we're excited to put those in front of customers and see their reaction to it. So in general, we feel good based on where we're at in the yearend guidance.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes, you're right. As we called out, the gross margin performance in the quarter was better than we anticipated. And all things being equal, that makes us feel better on the gross margin for the year. But candidly, it's so early in the year. There are going to be so many movers in the gross margin whether its product mix or other things that will happen during the year, it's too early to call the big upper a big down for the year on gross margin. So while we're very happy with the performance in Q1, we have recognized it's Q1 and there's a long way to go yet. On the inventory question specifically, if you look at the inventory increases we saw year-over-year, as I mentioned in my comments, we were up roughly 10%. If you look at the amount of products that we set in Q1, essentially we deal with a lot of very fresh inventory across key categories and the major reason for the increase in growth was primarily investments we made in the computing space that we'll have no problem working through as the balance of the year goes on. So I get more concerned about inventory levels heading into holiday season and what we do with them afterwards. And I think as we showed a couple of years ago during the economic meltdown, one of the benefits of Best Buy in the relationships that we also have with vendors and the velocity in our business is we can work through a lot of inventory without big problems in a relatively short period of time. So as we sit here at the end of Q1, with inventory up 10%, that's very easily worked through in our normal cycle and our teams are very accustomed to doing that. So no concerns for managements perspective on those points.
Jim Muehlbauer: On the payable side, it's really more of a function of where we stand in the mix of inventory based on the terms we have from the vendors that we're building. And so, once again, what's early in the year, I get more concerned about looking at payables when we have a mix issue and sales softness later in the year in key holiday season. But at this point of time, it's just a function of which vendors we're buying product from.
Mike Vitelli: Actually we've seen, to your point, a warm, modest decline in the cost per inch in flat panel TV this first quarter, compared to any of the probably last eight or nine quarters. That's good news overall for ASPs. A lot of that's coming from larger screen sizes. As you mentioned, the addition of LED TV, Internet IPTV, 3D TV, all of those are increasing the average selling price in the industry. And Brian mentioned just a little bit earlier, the industry is yet to begin to promote some of those as we move into the second half, as manufacturers are still getting their production in place and there are certain products that are still being set as we speak in the industry. So I think there's a lot of opportunity there, both for some excitement and promotion as all of the manufacturers get into the space. And ASPs right now are not declining at the rate that they have been for last eight quarters.
Mike Vitelli: Well, LED is an increasing percentage of business, as has been an increasing percentage of the industry, but we're leading-edge in that area. And all of the new areas that Brian talked about earlier, we think we're pretty balanced from a TV perspective and a computing perspective and a phone perspective and an entertainment perspective. All of the new things that Brian talked about whether its 3D and IPTV, most of those are LED based. The new motion control gaming, tablet, these are all things that are yet to be in the marketplace in an exciting way. And we'll all be part of the growth as we go forward.
Mike Vitelli: The 32 to 37 area which was shorter for us this quarter, you have two reasons for that; one is, as someone mentioned earlier, the industry itself got a pull back in production in this area. Another thing we all should take into consideration; last year at this time, we were entering the digital TV transition, incredibly aggressively. You talk about what noise there was and what promotion there was in the marketplace; that's why everybody else in the world including the US government was talking about this everyday. So in May last year, there were a lot of small TVs that were sold as the consumer's answer instead of getting a converter box. That was a big part of what was happening right now a year ago, in May and June; it's not happening this year. So that's where we're seeing the difference and the slowdown for us.
Mike Vitelli: I think a portion of the traffic decline for us has been entertainment media. There's been continued declines year-over-year in CDs. And even DVDs now are starting to have that trend. Part of the reason of the acceleration and the enhancement of the used gaming today is part of that solution, is to try to bring people into the store with another offer. So we're trying to offset some of the traffic declines that come from that part of entertainment with new entertainment areas. So trading of used games and the purchase of new games is something we're trying to enter that. You're seeing increasing space that we're utilizing of prior media space for different areas like increased e-readers, et cetera. We're trying to add things into that center of the store to replace both the space and the traffic that started to decline in traditional packaged media.
Mike Vitelli: One last thing I'd like to add, from an overall promotional environment, I mean 'promotional' in the sense of creating excitement, not from just a price point of view, very few of the CE players, whether it's manufacturers or retailers were aggressively talking about this in the first quarter. And I think to what Brian mentioned earlier is, product releases that people have scheduled are in different times of the year. So I actually think the voice of the industry is going to get louder as the months go by, and the product releases will increase as the months go by and I think therefore the consumer response will increase as the months go by.
Mike Vitelli: This is Mike Vitelli again. I think the first thing that Jim had mentioned specifically called the mobile computing, because to your comment the category is expanding. It has notebooks in it, has netbooks in it, and now it's beginning to have its new tablets. There is one really important one there right now, and there is a lineup of folks ready to enter that foray as well. What we're seeing right this second is the growth overall has slowed, because I believe what's happening is the new announcements have got people thinking. And you saw some of that hesitation at the end of this quarter. As availability improves in all of the areas, I think as the back-to-school launch happens, which is coming out as the next big drive time that comes for us, we believe we're going to see the computer area continuing to expand over the course of the year.
Mike Vitelli: Because of the backorder situation you see in some new categories so you know the consumer demand is out there, it's something that the production capability has to catch up to. And we clearly see multiple manufacturers in their products plans as they move through the rest of the year.
Mike Vitelli: Matt, hi, it's Michael. On the used gaming initiative, logistically what we're doing is each store is going to have two things, the ability to take end used games at a price that we'll be able to get to all of the stores on a regular basis, consumers will get a Best Buy gift card that's usable throughout the store for anything at Best Buy for the value of the game that they traded. And an additional space in the gaming department to sell used games; both of those initiatives I think that we've been working on for several years and have finally got to a point that we believe there operationally sound that we can expand them across the chain. And as I mentioned earlier, I think that's going to be a significant increase traffic driver to the store that we lost in traditional media.
Mike Vitelli: It's neither actually, the system that gets to the stores of pricing, and then in certain stores we actually have dedicated areas where people can trade games with certain stores (inaudible) customer service that's sort of relatively safe. But certainly if the volume increases at the rate that we hope, we're going to double the transition some of the steps that we have used for media to work on this issue.
