Hubert Joly: So there are a couple of things I would highlight. Prior to this iconic launch, we saw continued pent-up demand. So the market dried up and had a significantly negative impact on our mobile revenue. Then at the launch we did quite well but then supply was uneven during the quarter. So that's a positive followed by a negative. We did see nice positives from our expanded accessories assortment. If you visited our store or the sites, I think you will have seen that. So that was a positive. Then you have the shift into installment billing. So if you remember last year, we didn't have installment billing. We started in the spring. It's now grown very significantly with the impact you've seen on our comps, that Sharon and I have split out. The benefit of installment billing is the increased attach rate on services and accessories as well as the mix into more expensive phones. This for the customer, it's great – installment billing is a great value proposition from a customer standpoint. Now we ourselves, we want to be agnostic, we want to sell whatever makes sense to the customers, it's a great value proposition for the customer and therefore they tend to buy a little bit more. So these are the various drivers. Now looking into Q4, a main uncertainty remains the availability of iconic phones, there's a number of them but we can think of at least one or two, and that's very difficult to focus. So we do expect to continue to be constrained during the quarter on that standpoint, which you will see however of course compared to last year is the fact that we now have installment billing which we didn't have last year. So I think in our prepared remarks we touched on that. So these are the factors I would highlight. I'm turning to Sharon to see whether I forgot anything notable.
Hubert Joly: So you are right to highlight that week two and week three of December last year were quite extraordinarily bad, candidly not just for us, this was industry-wide. If you remember, you had a bit of a perfect storm last year with a rapid shift to online and traffic to the malls and the stores that was quite extraordinary. I think last year we all agreed was, there were so many unique factors that it's going to be hard to replicate the kind of drama that we had last year. I think we have detailed on the call the overall elements of our plan for holiday, I'm not going to give you the play-by-play, day-by-day because I know our friends [indiscernible] who are on the phone wouldn't appreciate that too much or other places in the world, but I think that the plans we've built really combine three elements. One is the cumulative effect of everything we've been working on over the last year to improve the customer experience with our advice, service, convenience, as well as all of the lessons from that including one I would highlight is gifting, as well as in particular gifting below $100 and improved – I think our improved messaging as well, marketing messaging, more targeted. Last year if you remember it was a little bit too much of, buy in the next two days otherwise it's going to be too late, and then three days later we would tell you, buy in the next two days or it's going to… So I think we're going to be – our marketing messages, you may have noticed that, were a bit more balanced, more targeted and hopefully create some more excitement. But to be candid, we are also prepared from the standpoint of combining science and judgment in our promotional activities and so forth. I must say that last year during these last two weeks, many of us were perplexed and there was a bit of overreaction at that time last year. So the program combines that, Renew Blue transformation and then the lessons from last year, and then wish us some luck, okay.
Hubert Joly: So on the 5% to 6% operating income, we do believe that the structural industry changes we are seeing are going to put pressure on that range, but we also believe that these changes could drive opportunities for us as well. And so we'll continue to monitor both as we progress to the next phase of our transformation. As it relates to the store footprint, the way we think about this, and we've been very consistent in talking about ongoing thoughtful rationalization of our store footprint, I'll repeat something we said on the last call and maybe elaborate a little bit. We do see retailers shift to online. Customers are starting their shopping journey online. It's so convenient. Sometimes they are completing the shopping journey online. We like that. In our case, by the way, 40% of the revenue then gets picked up in the stores. And sometimes the transaction itself is completed in the stores. But the result of this is fewer trips to the store, right, either because you've completed the transaction online or because you've done so much research that you don't need as many trips to the store per purchase to complete the transaction. So what does it mean for the stores? It means that the trip to the stores need to be extraordinary from a customer experience standpoint for the transactions that are high-touch and large-cube, it needs to be an amazing customer experience, and it needs to be very efficient for in-store pickup or, I'm on a business trip, I forgot my phone charger and I need one quickly, and by the way the stores are still and probably forever will be the best solution if you want it now. Now is convenience. And so, our vision for the store footprint is related to this. Now the other factor we take into consideration is the fact that we have very few stores, and we've been very consistent in saying this, we have very few stores that are not cash flow positive. So we feel, we continue to feel that closing stores ahead of lease expiration is simply not helpful from a shareholder standpoint. And the other thing that everybody has to recognize, and we certainly do, is that when you close stores you don't retain all of the customers. So one of the things we are excited about is our ability to personalize and target our communication with customers, as it increases over time will be very helpful to be able to help the customers with the journey of ongoing floor space optimization. So we continue to see that as a gradual and thoughtful process. Now as we close stores, everything else being equal, we will even with increased personalization see some lost revenue and therefore you will see an increase in profitability with slightly less revenue everything else being equal, because of course we can also find other ways to grow the revenue. So these are our current thoughts on this continued transformation in the fourth quarter.
Hubert Joly: I would answer the following way. In general we are in line with our expectation. The promotional environment is very intense. It is certainly not less intense. I'm not sure, if anything it's probably a little bit more intense than last year. I think that all of you follow the sector, so I don't need to point you to this or that player. Don't know of course how much money people are spending, I don't have access to their P&L, but the promotional season is off to a very vibrant start, I would put it this way. So as a result, in our outlook for the Q, we've not been betting on help from that standpoint. In fact we've been quite realistic. The one thing I would highlight in that context in terms of what we do about it, is again the combination of science and judgment on our own promotional activities and competitive reaction.
Hubert Joly: Thank you for highlighting that. These iconic launches generate significant traffic. We are happy with the accessories and services attached. Now is that impact related to the installment billing? I think we've said that, and in general what one of the things we've said in our prepared remarks is that the traffic trend to our retail stores was still negative has improved compared to the first half of the year. Now, what is the weight of these phone launches versus other factors, I would actually say that the mobile part of our stores is by far not the only place in the stores where we have transformed the experience. So I wouldn't exaggerate the impact from a traffic standpoint of these launches.
Hubert Joly: I think we continue to believe in a number of things. One is the wireless space is obviously a large and very dynamic market. Of course there's a bit of saturation from a smartphone penetration, but there's also new usage. The phone, the mobile phone is really the center of people's lives since it's highly connected, if I can use that phrase, to other topics such as connected home and health and fitness. So it's an area of very intense interest on our part and of the overall industry. The installment billing development is a positive development from a customer standpoint because it provides much more flexibility to the customer. As you know, after one year you can actually upgrade. And so while the previous contractual arrangement of post-paid was a two-year contractual commitment, you now have the ability to upgrade after one year. The fact that it's a monthly billing also is an encouragement to facilitate we find attaching, from a customer standpoint buying services and accessories. And so these are positive development. You mentioned trade-in. Trade-in, in effect with the installment billing is embedded into the program, and so which was a phenomenon in the last couple of years is now structurally integrated in these new offerings. So all of this constitutes a set of positive development and it's an area where we continue to see opportunities for us above and beyond simply the phone functionalities as we represent in our stores a broad range of products that can get connected in the homes and the lives of the customers.
Hubert Joly: What I would add to this, Matthew, is that the flat revenue and comp indication we are providing this morning incorporate, includes the mobile phone business, it's not limited to the NPD categories. As you know, Q4 is in an intensively competitive area where a lot of retailers use CE to carry the excitement in our stores and so forth. So flat overall is the number we have shared this morning.
Hubert Joly: Thank you so much, Sharon. And in closing, I wanted to do a couple of things. One, obviously thank our teams in all functions and geographies for the progress, continued progress and results that we collectively, they collectively have delivered, and of course for their very exciting mobilization for holiday. It's always a very special moment of the year. Our teams are ready to welcome all of our customers, including all of you on the call, and I want to salute them for their preparedness. And of course I want to thank you and everyone on the call for your continued support and wish you a wonderful holiday season, which I know would include a few trips to Best Buy. You have at least two reasons to do that, one is check how prepared we are, and of course at the same time you can make progress on your holiday shopping adventure. So we'll see you in the stores or on our site at your convenience. So have a great holiday with your families and we'll continue to be with you on the journey. Thank you so much.
Sharon McCollam: Yes. This was a legal settlement not a tax settlement. We have the tax issue and then the legal settlement. The legal settlement was around inventory, thus it's a reduction of cost of goods sold and it shows up in the gross profit.
Sharon McCollam: From a competitive point of view, we are not going to be disclosing a lot about the UHD cycle, but obviously you can see in the stores the pricing on the TVs, et cetera. So you're going to have an ASP benefit at the high end and then you're going to have – we're also as you know we play across the entire category. So a large piece of our TV business is not actually in UHD as well and we saw very strong television category this quarter, but we're going to be short on details from a competitive point of view as we go into holiday.
Sharon McCollam: Chris, I'll take that. We of course have said consistently we're going to continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet. And once we get past the fourth quarter, of course the cash flows in the fourth quarter are significant, we understand that at that point there's going to be significant cash on the balance sheet and we will at that point start looking at alternatives. As you know, we continue to be deeply committed to our dividend. I know your question is really about, are you going to begin implementing share repurchase programs, and that is a discussion that we are not prepared and not wanting to have today, but when we go into next year rest assured that we know how important this is to our investors and we will continue to evaluate that. But the number one use of cash for us is investing in future growth right now. So where we can utilize that cash to drive these customer-facing initiatives, that will be our top priority, and then we will look to other vehicles for using the cash beyond that.
Sharon McCollam: I think that we have an obligation to our vendors to maintain a strong balance sheet. When you look at the investment that our vendors have made in our stores in the last 12 months, 12 to 18 months, it is incredible, it is literally hundreds of millions of dollars that they have put into our stores to represent their customer experience. So we believe very strongly that our strong balance sheet has been one of the reasons why they have had great confidence in putting that kind of capital into their customer experience in our Best Buy stores. So you can never exactly square root what number is it that they are looking for on the balance sheet, but let's keep in mind that we are a 40-plus billion dollar retailer and we are heavily fourth quarter weighted. So I think that we need to be very – we're going to be very thoughtful about the intangibles as well as the tangible implications of any cash decision that we make. So I know that we've had this conversation and I so recognize and we recognize the importance of the discussion of uses of cash for our shareholders, I like the fact that you guys all understand how important it is to our vendors because I think we used this example in a couple of our meetings earlier this year, but when you think about it from a vendor point of view, right now some of our largest vendors are sitting with receivables from Best Buy unsecured, nobody wants their inventory back, and they may be lending you up to $2 billion at any point in time. So what looks like a lot to some, doesn't look like so much to another Board sitting across the country, right. So that's where we sit on that topic.
Sharon McCollam: We're not guiding, Matt, by category but clearly when you think about – you know last year we had two issues in mobile. The first was that because of installment billing, the carriers stopped upgrades, early upgrades. Remember? In addition, we couldn't sell installment billing. So we had structural impediments in the fourth quarter of last year that we do not have this year. Therefore you could obviously expect that we would hope to see a significantly better mobile business in the fourth quarter this year versus last year.
Sharon McCollam: I'll just add, there's two more points. The first is that recall that last year that we had launched 400 stores that were shipping from store. So we created that inventory availability last year. Now this year we have the 1,400 stores shipping, but the 400 stores did, as you'll recall, drive increased revenue last year. The second point is, which I also mentioned in my prepared remarks, is that last year the new gaming consoles were launched and their deliveries were in the fourth quarter. We had the pre-order revenue in Q3 but the deliveries in Q4 and those were substantial. So as we look to the fourth quarter, we are expecting to see some potential differences in the strength of the hardware related to those consoles obviously. So those would be two other pressures, and remember that the gaming is not in those NPD categories that we discussed. So those are a couple of other points just to consider. We quantified that on the online growth last year at about 600 basis points of benefit last year, because remember we had over 25% growth in online last year. So I would not want you to put that in there when you're trying to do the math, that those two factors are necessary in order to get in line with the outcome that we put into the outlook.
