Corie Barry: Thanks for the question, Simeon. I think we have a few things going on to your point. So if you think about the comments that I had in the macro section, you've got a variety of stacked issues happening. One is absolutely you had pull forward throughout the pandemic. Two is you also have this kind of sustained inflation. And again, it's sustained inflation on the basics that we've been talking about food, fuel and lodging. And so that's pulling people. We also talked about the fact that a lot of spend right now is geared towards the more service type of things like concerts, like trips. Everywhere you look, people are taking more and more vacations. And so you have all of this kind of shift of spend that's happening. I think secondarily, as it relates specifically to the holiday time frame, the other interesting thing is people have also been buying CE a little bit more steadily throughout the year. If you think about CE as more of a need-based item, not just that kind of giftable item, and so I think there's also just been a little bit of a shift in where people are spending. But I think broadly, what we're seeing reflected right now is the kind of culmination of not just pull forward, but all of these other factors that we're seeing from the consumer as they make those trade-offs. And we've been using the words uneven for probably six quarters now, and I think that is what you're seeing in the variety of results from consumers and where they're choosing to spend their dollars.
Corie Barry: So I alluded to NPS being one of the factors that we -- you can imagine, there is a broad array of both operational and then more survey-based metrics that we're looking at, everything from how fast can we do an in-store pick, how good is the curbside experience. We specifically talked about and we can see meaningful improvements year-over-year in product availability, in associate availability, in a variety of products and pricing, and those have continuously improved even as this year has gone on. And actually, we can also see some level of improvement in some of those through non-purchasers as well. So we're watching both sides of this and that sequential improvement is happening across both purchasers and non-purchasers. And yes, we're watching close rate too, and the team is doing a really nice job measuring themselves and showing some progress against their close rate expectations as well. So we are -- literally, we have the almost Rubik's cube of operational and customer survey-based metrics so we can assess. I think what the team has done a really amazing job at is your point around flexibility. You talked about do you have less. Interestingly, now we have associates who can opt into and get certified in not just multiple areas of expertise within the store, but they can also get certified for operations roles and sales roles, and they can actually move between stores within their markets. And so we can flex not just against what's the consumer demand at the highest level, we can actually flex within a market depending on how and where people are choosing to shop. So I can even use an example like in the last week, we've seen a lot more people opting into in-store pickup and curbside and needing a bit more ship from store, and we can quickly then shift some of that labor into those areas, while still trying to strike the balance. We also talked about even moving some of the ship from store out of stores using those automated facilities so that when we do have labor in the stores, it's more customer-facing. It's facing more some of these key areas where we're trying to deliver these experiences. So not perfect and certainly not going to be perfect every single day at every single location, but we really are working hard, and I give the team a great deal of credit for every day monitoring both the experiences and the operational metrics that will tell us whether or not we're delivering.
Corie Barry: Yeah. I actually -- I mean, I might be biased, but I think there's a lot of green shoots that are out there. And you're right, back to the -- one of the first questions, definitely what has also caused the pullback in CE, and I didn't hit it, to begin with, I'll hit it now, is just a bit of a lack of innovation when everyone was trying so hard to produce as much as possible or pull back as hard as possible, we just haven't seen it. Now we are starting to see a little bit of that turn toward innovation. What we can see, even in TVs, we can see there's a lot more interest in those large screen sizes. We can see growth in the like 77-inch plus kind of categories where people want to get that newness. We actually have double the amount of SKUs in the 97-inch and above TV category, which I know sounds insane, but those are really interesting things to people from a true entertaining at home perspective. In majors, there's a brand-new washer/dryer combo unit from GE, so you can both do the washing and the drying in one unit, which is a really interesting innovation for people like me who might want to do two loads at once, full time and get through it all. In gaming, you can see there's really good availability of consoles, with some really interesting new titles that are driving some demand, some handheld gaming from ASUS and Lenovo. Those are great. And then there's kind of some smaller just interesting things. We talked about the Meta Quest 3, the Meta Ray-Ban sunglasses and not only can you capture pictures but has audio built in. And then I think there's lots of just really small fun giftable things, right? There's everything from the automated bird feeder to the automated litter box and everything in between. So what's cool and the reason a little tongue in cheek, we mentioned the Best Buy sells that is there are actually a ton of really interesting fun consumer technology devices. And to your point, they're kind of small, but they're starting to lead the way into what I think will be more meaningful cycles as we head into the back half of next year. As you think about, we mentioned generative AI and products and importantly, chips that geared toward running those kind of large language processing models. And you can imagine that will extend not just into computing, but into other areas. And we can't always talk about everything that we can see on the horizon, but we definitely can see some interesting products as our vendors, as you all know, are just as incented to stimulate demand as we are.
Corie Barry: And just to be explicit, what we actually had said, the promo environment was as expected. It was in line with our expectations in Q3. And you can imagine we're kind of taking -- what we're seeing and pushing that into Q4, but it hasn't been wildly outside our expectations.
Corie Barry: Yeah. I mean we've been pretty consistent as we've talked about the effects of inflation. We've been pretty consistent in saying, where it's putting pressure on the consumer is because it's in those key basic areas of need, fuel, food, lodging, consumables like the stuff you just kind of need every single day. And that's what's been eating into a lot of that pent-up savings, especially for some of the lower income demographics. And so if you start to get into a world where you see more disinflation in some of those areas, then as you would expect, you start to free up some of that share of wallet for potentially getting back into goods or some of the kind of higher ticket purchases. And so we're watching that carefully. Right now, still very elevated versus especially pre-pandemic, slowing down, and to your point, people start to talk about it, which over time, I think, could present some opportunity for people to move back into the goods space, also, of course, depending on how elevated that spend remains around services and things like vacations and spending outside the home.
Corie Barry: So if I think about how the last year has played out, this industry has largely been in a very promotional stance for over the last year. We've been pretty consistent in saying promos are back to, if not greater, than FY '20 levels. So this is not a new phenomenon for us. So even as we head into next year, we're lapping that. And even in that environment where you've seen that level of promotionality, as Matt said, we've sustained our share position. So I think the team has done a beautiful job positioning us well in a very promotional environment. And I wouldn't be surprised to see that environment continue into the first part of next year. And again, we're lapping that kind of similar environment last year. So it's not a huge change in trajectory for us. I think what starts to make the back half, in our view, potentially more interesting next year is really a function of the innovation cycles. And we can start to see a line of sight toward even read a little bit about, especially on some of the computing and processing side, devices that might start to feed into that as we head into the back half of next year. And back to Peter's earlier question, we can start to see on the horizon, some of that newness and innovation really on the docket as you head into the back half and into holiday for next year as everyone again, it's pretty incented to want to bring some vitality back to the industry.
Corie Barry: Again, I'm probably biased, but I don't think it's purely a function of price. I think we've been very clear, we have to be price competitive, and that is one of the base tentpoles of our strategy. And that said, we also, I think, have a team that has a proven track record of very adept promotional planning around key drive times, whether that's some of the secondary holidays or whether it's the main holiday that we're headed into. So I kind of think of price as the like primary tentpole. But in order to differentiate, I think what we're doubling down on is what we do, that is different than anyone else just given who we are. We are agnostic to the customer. So we don't care what the operating system is or who makes the hardware. We're there for the customer to help them to build on that. We have what we like to call human-enabled services. So we can help you in the store. We can consult for you in your home. We can repair. We can take back. We can trade in. You can buy open box. You can go to an outlet. Like, we just have the huge end-to-end variety of solutions all the way from inspire to support, so that's the kind of second differentiator for us. And then third, I think we're building on those things with a unique membership program with unique offers that reach out to our members with a membership program that's based on the things that we uniquely do well. And then fourth, I have to give major credit to our vendor partners as well, even though we're in a little bit of a slower innovation cycle, they remain closely committed to our success, which means we do have everything from the most new beautiful 98-inch TV that's out on the floor, all the way to those opening price point Chromebooks or opening price point televisions that might be right for you at a value play. And I think our ability to showcase those high and new experience as well as all the way through the rest of the assortment really is that last differentiating piece for us.
Corie Barry: Yeah. So we remain really excited about the Health business, and we were pretty clear that we had pulled the FY '25 targets on the whole or as the macro backdrop has changed. And so we are, of course, working behind the scenes to really fortify that business for the future. And I know someone had asked earlier as we think about the puts and takes for next year, we would continue to expect Health to become more accretive, and we laid that out as kind of our structural thesis at our Investor Day. And that part of the thesis remains true for us. And while it still is relatively small at this point, we are seeing some nice uptick, particularly in that kind of care-at-home side of things, where we've announced partnerships with Geisinger and with Atrium Health as we think about how we can use our unique Geek Squad assets as well as the unique product assortment that we have to help deliver care at home. So again, relatively small, but the team is doing a nice job continuing to ensure that, that part of the business is accretive and grows over time.
Corie Barry: Matt hit on this, but I want to underscore, the way in which our vendors participate with us varies as you would expect, depending on what we're seeing in the macro. Sometimes that shows up as more promotional partnership. But a lot of times, that shows up in very different ways it can be in how we think about specialized labor, it can be in store experiences like we mentioned on the call, it can be in our Best Buy ads business or in supply chain fulfillment or in services. And I think what's important is our overall level of invested support has grown in the aggregate even as we compare it to pre-pandemic levels. And I think that is the part that for us as important is how can we be the very best partner to our vendors as we collectively want to bring, especially some of this newer innovation to market.
Corie Barry: Yeah. As it relates -- you hit on specifically device life cycle management, I'm maybe going to take it up one level and that is, we've talked about Geek Squad as a service, because it can be everything from device cycle management, which is newer side of this, but also just providing service on behalf of vendors as you think about being an Apple authorized service provider or some of our Best Buy business offerings where we actually use our service profile to go out and do installations writ large. What's nice about an initiative like this is it doesn't require, especially in the earlier stages, much incremental investment. We already have Geek Squad City, which is a very large facility, well staffed with trained experts who we can leverage some of their capacities in order to deliver on something like device life cycle management. Now then we can make decisions as something like that ramps. We didn't mention it this quarter because in Q4, honestly, it's not the biggest front and center area of focus. But you can also imagine behind the scenes, if there are other ways for us to leverage our existing expertise and capacity. Those are very interesting strategic initiatives for us. And we remain excited about this one. We remain excited about the pipeline that we're seeing in this one. And obviously, I think you can expect that we will update you with more clarity as it develops. So with that, I think that -- thank you. I think that is our last question, and I want to thank you all for joining us today. Thank you for the nice wishes. I hope you all also have a wonderful holiday, and we look forward to updating you all on our results and progress during our next call in February. Thank you, and have a great day.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. I think the comparison certainly gets better. As you think about last year, we were about 3% lower than FY '20 levels. This year, we're lower against FY '20, but the sequential is better in Q4. I think there's still a lot of optimism for holiday. I think there's a lot of great holiday promotions and events. And I think we're trying to temper any expectation on holiday just with the pragmatic view of where the consumer is at right now. And I think you commented on the share. I think we actually -- we say largely held share because it's really hard to actually get a good meaningful number on share, but we feel good about our share position as we go into the holiday period.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. Thanks for the question. For credit card next year, I mean, obviously, there's a number of scenarios we're trying to understand as you think about next year. So we're not really guiding next year now. But when we think about the credit card, that pressure that we expect to see, we believe, will largely be offset by benefits we might see from the membership program and services category expanding a bit more from a gross property perspective. The factors within the credit card, one of the biggest things we're trying to understand is just where do net credit losses go. They're -- at the moment, they're pretty close to where they were pre-pandemic. They were very low levels during the pandemic. And so we've been seeing them grow a little bit. And so the question would be how high did those grow if they do grow into next year and what sort of pressure. The other factor to consider is that, generally speaking, our receivable balance is higher than it used to be over the last several years. And so a higher receivable balance and interest income obviously can offset some of those pressures as well. So those are a couple of the bigger things we're trying to understand as we think about the credit card specifically. And as you mentioned, again, for next year, the other puts and takes, again, we're not guiding next year, but that credit card pressure and the membership benefit is one of the bigger factors we're trying to understand. Another one that I would call out would be -- we know that we're going to likely have to add STI expense back in as we're -- we've lowered the expense this year as we reset STI in the coming year to roughly $85 million that we would likely add back. Clearly, where the industry is a question as well to the extent that sales are flat or up, it helps relieve some of the pressure of some fixed costs. Clearly, the level of pressure matters quite a bit next year. If it's a small increase, small decline, it's less significant than is a bigger decline. So those are some of the bigger factors we're trying to think through as we go into next year.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. The main drivers of the improvement from a rate perspective are -- there's basically four main areas. The first is the point change to the three My Best Buy program. The second would be just the growth in paid members over time and the recognition of those annual fees. The changes we made to the total tech program, moving it to Total, mainly came through with lowering the cost to fulfill as we removed the free installation that also was part of the 35 basis points, and the resumption of appliance at home theater installation, paid insulation is the other part of the number. The main drivers of it coming better than our expectations are around higher-than-expected paid installation volumes and then also lower-than-expected Best Buy claims and lower Apple premiums than we had expected.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. I think strategically -- I think we've done a really good job of managing our promotional plan overall. I think the promotions in terms of the discounts and mix of promotions are up versus last year, and in many cases, up compared to where they were pre-pandemic. Again, it hasn't necessarily manifested in our pressure on our product margin rates because we're still receiving a good amount of funding from our vendors to help stimulate the sales that you would expect us to want to do. I think as you look about the holiday season, I think we are expecting the holiday to be a very sales-driven event. Consumers are looking for deals, and they're looking for value. And because of that, we believe it will look probably more closely to like it was pre-pandemic, where people are gravitating towards the big sale events around Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday and a couple of weeks before Christmas. So a pretty similar cadence to what we saw in FY '20, although in FY '20, we did -- didn't have as much pull forward into October as we likely still have in this current year. So a more similar cadence to promotional events. I would expect holiday always to be promotional, and we are well positioned to be promotional and still maintain a great profitable story for our investors. So overall, I think we're in a great spot.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. I -- we'll get into the by category improvement to ASPs. Generally speaking, we are starting to, I would say, lap some of the ASP reduction. We've been seeing ASPs slowly get lower, also the last number of quarters. I think we're starting to lap some of that deflation in that average selling price, if you will. So I think it's probably as much as that as people are gravitating to in some cases, we mentioned that TV is an area of trade down that we are actually seeing. And so those do tend to lower your ASPs because it's a big ticket item. And as we start to lap that, I think you're starting to see some relief on the ASP sequentially. Again, I think in certain areas, so in terms of like Q4, clearly, we've been seeing unit pressure overall, but there are some areas where some of our bigger categories we are expecting the units to improve. We're expecting TV units to increase. We're expecting to see improvements in notebook units as well. So it's a little bit varied, but those are some of the bigger ones.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. Yeah. So first of all, it was $15 million to $20 million of impact on net basis points, just to make sure I'm clear. And that would carry on as you get into next quarter Q4 and the first part of next year. And this is strictly a geography. There is no change to the overall financial statements, if you will, just moving as a cost -- offsetting a cost of sales to offsetting SG&A. Essentially, we get any number of types of vendor funding for a number of different things. And when we can actually be more specific with the funding, matching and offsetting the specific cost, we then record that as an offset to SG&A versus offsetting cost of sales. So that's specifically what's happened. And it's just -- it's part of the funding that we get not all of it, obviously. And so we would expect that to continue. To your second question, as you look at next year, at this point, we're not guiding next year, but we would expect product margins to be somewhat of a neutral impact to next year. Overall, we don't, at this point, see a lot of material changes either way. We have a very strong relationship with our vendors, and they are obviously as interested in us in stimulating sales and showcasing their products and innovations that they have. So at this point, we don't see any change to that as we look into next year.
