Brian Dunn: Sure, Gary. Good morning. Happy to take a run at that. As we discussed in our commentary around—or in my prepared remarks, there was an awful lot of activity at opening price points, particularly in home theater, and this was primarily at some of the large discounters. And this was a space, as you well know—our strategy is really focused on great name brands, the big sort of tier one, tier two name brands, at great prices. There was an awful lot of activity at the sort of tier three brands at opening price points, and (inaudible) that was a place we elected not to chase.
Brian Dunn: Gary, can I just add one thing? In my remarks, I mentioned Magnolia. We’re actually doing—we’re quite pleased in the high end. It is an adoption in the middle which we see as a next-year sort of value proposition for the consumers in the middle around 3D and IPTV. Thanks for the question, Gary.
Brian Dunn: And as far as television, I’ll just add – as we get into next year - you asked about the next three quarters – certainly over the next year you’re going to see the second and third generation of IPTV which we think will come out more appropriately featured and be more and more interesting to consumers. Thanks for the questions.
Brian Dunn: Yes. And Mitch, if I could just—you asked about our philosophy. We’re absolutely interested in increasing our presence in lower price points. We’re always going to be mindful of profitability. You’ll see us leverage our presence online to do some of that sort of hot price points; and you’re going to see us do what we do very well. We’re going to implement promotions to drive traffic to our stores, to our online channel, to our phone channel.
Brian Dunn: I think—I’ll take a stab at this, Mike. I think there’s a couple of things. I think there was confusion about 3D early. It was a little short on content. I think as this fall now, we’ve had some big gaming titles that have come out with 3D. More and more cinematic releases are coming out in 3D. I think 3D will become top of mind as an important feature for television as we get into next year. And as far as IPTV, I think it’s still really new and I think the idea and the notion of it is still new, and I don’t know if it is enough by itself to get people off the couch to go buy a new TV as we sit today.
Brian Dunn: This isn’t a year where people are going to come out and buy a new television and a new computer or tablet. Thanks, Mitch.
Brian Dunn: And that balance, David – this is Brian – is the tightrope we always walk. And you’re asking what is a very good question when we’re right in the middle of the game. We’ll have a much better understanding as we get through December and into January, and I think we’ll be able to provide a little color then.David Strasser – Janney Montgomery Scott: Fair enough. Thank you.
Brian Dunn: I have to jump in. We sort of reject the notion that we’re not a growth company as well. You’re absolutely right that we’re focused on expanding our margin rate and extracting value for what we’re able to do for customers and actively pursuing businesses where we can make a difference and are margin-rich. But we absolutely see ourselves as a growth company.
Brian Dunn: I’d also just add—reiterate, the terrific—on top of everything Mike just said, the terrific job our sales associates are doing in presenting the value that those plans represent to our consumers.
Brian Dunn: I’ll answer that. First, I’m going to go to the first part of the question. It is about profitable growth. It is about growth in connections, and if you want to sort of back up and look at us historically, for many, many years we were a strong product-centric company. Then we moved into an area of customer-centricity, very focused on our customer. You should think about us taking the best elements of both and moving them into this Connected World. Best Buy Mobile is the example we cite most frequently because it’s the most developed. You should think of it as profitable growth around connections and geography, but primarily driven by profitable growth with connections.
Brian Dunn: We also know, just to add, how important the trade-in value proposition to that core gamer, and that is an area and an opportunity for us that we’re very enthusiastic about for next year. Thank you for the question.Anthony Chukumba – BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you.
Michael Vitelli: Yes, hi Gary. This is Mike Vitelli. I think it’s a little bit in television and a little bit in computing; and I think when we calculate our share—one point for everybody listening is there are categories like smartphones where our greatest growth is that is not in the calculation. It’s mainly the traditional CEIT, so that’s why it’s TV and computing is the big story—or the big difference. But let’s talk about what we’re comparing to. You know, Best Buy is about latest and greatest; and last year that really played to that strength as we had the digital TV transition. We had the launch of LED, LCD televisions. We had the launch of Windows 7. We had record high shares in all of those areas, so we knew that we were going to get some of that decline coming off, and we saw a little bit there. And as Brian said, a little bit in entry level televisions and in entry level computing in November, where we have that promotion going on more actively in December. So in 32-inch televisions, we did that a lot last year around the Black Friday time period. This year, we didn’t do it then. We’re doing our—a lot of our 32-inch television promotions right now.
Michael Vitelli: Let’s break those two things apart. I think LED TV is actually selling quite well. It’s distribution has broadened and that’s part of our share going from, really, record high early adopter launch shares last year to a slightly more normalized but still well above our average TV—we’re well above our average TV share in LED TVs, so that’s going well. The other thing I would say is going well is plasma is very, very strong. The growth in units in plasma was offset by their ASP decline. Your biggest ASP declines in the quarter and year-over-year are in plasma TV and large screen. In that case, we see growth in both of those places – growth in units of greater than 43-inch LCD TV and growth in units of plasma TVs. Their ASP declines are offsetting it, though, so we’re not seeing the growth there. The place where you’re mentioning that we’re not seeing both the industry and our expectations in growth right now are 3D television and Internet-connected television. They’re a little bit slower than I think the industry wanted it to be. LED, I think, is just one of those that has to ramp up. There needs to be more content for it and we’ll be able to see a little bit more of that over time as their retail prices start to change.
Michael Vitelli: The point on phones is the way the phone business is and the way that phones are sold as subsidized—like, free phone is a not a new phenomenon. What it is, is we’re being aggressive in the smartphone category, which is the fastest growing one. That is still a—while it doesn’t address the top line, the way it flows in, it’s very significant to our margins and you’re seeing that happening, and we believe that category is going to continue to grow and continue to grow aggressively, and we’re going to be a significant part of that. I think the smartphone and our Best Buy Mobile business in general is a significant trend that’s going to continue in the quarters that you described. The other thing I think that we’re optimistic about is it’s clear that the tablet concept is very hot in consumers’ minds. It’s extracted a lot of early adopter dollars right now. A lot of those dollars are going outside of Best Buy at this minute because there’s a very limited number of manufacturers and products in that space. But that’s going to rapidly change as we head into next year, for the four quarters of next year, and that gives us a strong opportunity as when there’s a broad array of products and suppliers in this area, we do great.
Michael Vitelli: I think in TV—I’d mentioned it earlier but it’s worth repeating. We did our entry level 32-inch promotion in November. This year we’re doing it in December. We’re aggressive with that right now. On the computing side, we’ve made price adjustments in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter to be more aggressive because the consumer is definitely showing a propensity at the low end. We look at it as our share, if there was any loss in computing, it was in the below $400 range where we’re trying to make sure we have more competitive offers there.
Michael Vitelli: I think that’s right. I think it’s both of those areas; and I also think the reality is, again, the strength of the tablet category has captured mind share and wallet share of early adopters of new technologies this year. I think that’s—it’s hard to suggest that a tablet is taking TV share. It’s not because it’s doing the same thing. It’s a mind and dollar placement.
Michael Vitelli: What we’re seeing is plasma televisions had pretty significant price declines year-over-year, probably in the 15% range, and dramatically changed their unit take rate slightly higher than that, so it offset gave us some positives. So there is some elasticity at the high end. We see that. I will tell you, though, at the highest end there’s been less than we’ve seen in the past, and I think that’s a comment on the consumer in general – is that we’ve seen at the high end, a price change doesn’t have the same impact as it would have had a year or two years ago.
Michael Vitelli: Greg, this is Mike Vitelli again. On the traffic side, I would say the biggest portion of the traffic declines are consistent with the story we’ve been telling for several years now. Packaged media sales have declined in units and that’s a significant part of the overall traffic and has declined. And a little bit was in the television and computing area that we just discussed, so that wasn’t a new or big story from what we described earlier. Our close rates are improving, which is improving our overall transaction count, which is better than the traffic move. And I think to your point, what’s happening in that close rate in addition to the individual units themselves is the complete solution. So we’re seeing, whether it’s computing or home theater, increased attachment rates at every price band of television and every price band of computing in Geek Squad Black Tie Protection. And that has been a significant part of the service growth as our close rate and our complete solution, the two biggest categories have improved.
Michael Vitelli: This is Mike Vitelli again, Anthony. The second part of your question is we’ve just started what we’re doing with trade-in and used games. We’re very pleased with the reaction that we’re getting in the about 800 stores that it’s in. And the stores where we actually have trade-in counters inside the gaming department, which is a few hundred, the exchange rate is much, much higher than the stores that don’t have it, so that’s something we’re going to continue to expand. So we’re pleased with that and getting us into that part of the business that we virtually have zero in today. As far as gaming in the third quarter, our hardware was good; our software was softer than we would have liked, and that’s basically because of the titles that were launched in that time. Last year at this time we were into a lot of Wii business and that kind of family category where we did strong in. We were lapping that against titles that were much more core gamer, which is the share and the business that we’re trying to go after with the trade-in and used. So that’s what happened in it, but we’re optimistic and very aggressive in what we’re doing in that space going forward.
James Muehlbauer: Yeah Chris, it’s Jim. Why don’t I just take the first part of that and pull it apart a little bit? I think your commentary on the overall performance in retail so far this holiday season, you know, appearing to be relatively solid certainly is valid as we look across other retailers. I think part of that from our perspective is that we also had an anomaly last year in the performance in our business during Q3 in November, and specifically in December. We posted very strong comparable store sales gains. Most of the folks that are comping up against those numbers are comping up against much weaker comparisons, maybe even negative comparisons from last year. So as I look on a two-year basis, we’re not that far off of what most of retail is doing, maybe a little bit behind at this point in the holiday season. Clearly like a lot of retail but in the CE space, there we’ve talked about headwinds from a macro standpoint around employment and housing and jobs for quite a period of time, so I don’t think there’s any new news in that phenomenon. What we have been focused don is all year long where we’ve seen products that have strong customer appeal, that are the latest and greatest, we’ve seen people opening up their pocketbooks; so whether it’s been the launch of new smartphones, the launch of the early changes to the gaming platforms we’ve seen, what we’ve seen in the tablet space overall – consumers are out spending in those categories. It’s just that the weight of those new things right now during the current year hasn’t been able to overcome the size of the core growth in our televisions and core notebook business overall. So as Brian mentioned, our business is beyond just selling the hardware. You know, the reason we have the shares we do in the hardware business is because we’ve been able to find a way to make money around those transactions, and that’s certainly the evolution we’ve been making further into the Connected World and the strong gross margin performance we’ve driven as a result of that. But I think as we get into what the balance of this year looks like, we certainly expect to see the trends we started to see in Q3. How they will actually play out in Q4 – I mean, there’s a lot of business yet to come. But I think as we get into next year, I think what’s exciting from our standpoint is there’s interest there from consumers on the latest and greatest, but really they’re making trade-offs in their discretionary spending not only across CE but within CE categories where there are periods of time we may have historically seen them buying multiple large products in a year. They’re being more choosy at this point in time.
James Muehlbauer: Yeah Matt, it’s Jim. Thanks for the question. Given where we’re at in the quarter and given the predominance that the month of December has in the quarter, we decided it would be more useful that—we’ll wait to get through December sales and we’ll do our December sales release, and then we’ll give color and context around what we actually see. But as we look at what the potential range of outcomes could be through Q4, there are multiple scenarios that are playing out in that new guidance range. What I would tell you is that the primary driver in the range is really what does comparable store sales look like through the holiday season. There are some variables we have in that, both plus and minus, on the margin standpoint; but the key lever I’m looking at in that sales range—I’m sorry, in that EPS range, is what’s the top line look like overall.
James Muehlbauer: Yeah, David, we certainly look at the wireless activity—at the way customers have been responding to that for a period of time. And we have been, obviously, moving very quickly in that space, both within our store-within-a-stores within Best Buy, whether it’s expanding square footage that we dedicate to the wireless space, and as you know we’ve ramped up the number of standalone stores we have in that space. And as tablets come on, that category from a mobility and connectivity standpoint even gets more interesting going forward. So we have been accelerating that space, and as Brian mentioned in his comments, we’ve got a long way to go from a market share standpoint. So that business is going to continue to be very exciting for us. As far as to your question around how do we look at the promotional activity in Q3, specifically in November, wireless versus other categories, I think customers who shop with the Best Buy experience are accustomed to seeing a wide variety of things featured during that period of time, and customers obviously come in with different needs today. So from our lens, I don’t think we overemphasized the wireless category at the expense of our television and our computing business. To Brian’s point, we felt actually very good about the offers we had out there in both of those categories overall based on who our customer is and how they shop us. One of the great benefits that we have given the reward zone database is that we’ve been able to track customer behaviors on Black Fridays for years and understand which customers just shop us that day to cherry-pick and actually don’t come back into the model overall. So what we’ve spent more of our time doing is putting our promotional dollars against customers and against experiences where we add the most value, so whether that is inviting our reward zone silver customers to promotional events in advance of Black Friday and using that energy around better experiences for those best customers, or partnering with our vendors to come up with offers on Black Friday that really demonstrate what the best of we do together versus, I would say, driving a higher top line with actually less profitability. So we know that top line—in some cases when they’re in third tier type products, does not translate into more customer loyalty, does not translate into more profitability for our business. So it’s always about balancing where we put the promotional effort versus the long-term strategy of the Company.
James Muehlbauer: And certainly the investments that we’ve made, Brad, have focused on areas where we can drive profitable growth, so we’ve been spending more money in categories like mobile phones, whether it’s in-store or outside of the store. We’re going to continue to spend money where the customer is going in those spaces. The good news is from an SG&A standpoint, we spend on average a little bit more in transacting that business with customers, but the returns we get from a margin standpoint are also much greater, so that’s a great trade-off overall. As we look at the portfolio certainly going forward, we’re always making adjustments to the operating model; and when I look at the expense profile for this year with expenses being up—you know, planned for the year 5ish, a little over 5% versus the trajectory we’ve been on historically, it’s a much, much lower run rate that we have experienced overall. So as we plan expenses in the environment, you know, we’re looking at the levers around where is the customer going, what type of support do we need to provide from an in-store experience and labor model around that; and then if we see parts of the portfolio that aren’t performing at the same level we anticipated, we have the ability to dial back those investments in-store as we go forward. So we’re not getting into guidance for next year yet, but certainly every year when we set expenses, we’re mindful of the environment that we’re moving into, and I think you saw us take a big step down over the last year. To Brian’s point, we are going to continue to invest expenses in places that are good for our shareholders, and we’re not bashful about doing that at all; at the same time, harvesting expenses from areas that aren’t delivering the same levels of returns that they historically did.
James Muehlbauer: Yeah I mean, Brad, we’re focused on inventory at a moment in time here in Q3 with the enormous amount of volume we have in Q4. So we run a very high velocity business during this time of year, and even if you go back two years ago when the environment changed dramatically, we actually—we were at peak inventory levels before the holiday season when the environment changed. We were able to manage and navigate through that successfully with our vendor partners and our customers, so looking at what inventory trends are sitting there today, more specifically what the specific inventory is, we feel that we’re in a good position to move that inventory through the balance of Q4 and actually moderate purchases of future inventory. A lot of that stuff that’s on our balance sheet today, 30 days from now it will be gone. So we’re really talking about what’s our reorder pattern going forward.Bradley Thomas – Keybanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks Brian. Thanks Jim. Best of luck here for these next couple of weeks.
James Muehlbauer: Yeah and Mike, just to round that off, talking about square footage. We’ve talked for a long time about the level of square footage growth during the next five years in our traditional big box model being way different than it was the previous 10 years. So that’s not a surprise. Where you will see us continue to invest in square footage is where it makes sense in our connectivity businesses, like our Best Buy Mobile standalone stores. So when you pull apart that square footage story, it’s not the big box retailer continuing a run rate of new stores expansions like we’ve done historically. It’s leveraging the installed base of stores that we have; to Brian’s point, investing in the growth that we can drive in those stores through connections, and then building our square footage where appropriate to meet customer needs in other spaces where those big box stores don’t fit.
James Muehlbauer: Second part of your question around the outlook for the quarter, as I mentioned, fourth quarter—as I mentioned earlier, we’ve got a variety of scenarios that play out. One thing you shouldn’t take away from that is that we’ve seen the results in the third quarter and now we’ve pulled the massive promotional lever and are going to drive the top line at the sole expense of margin. That’s not what we’re talking about here. What we’re doing, as we always do in every holiday season – we’re playing out our plans and adjusting to the market as we see it. The promotional activity that Mike predominantly talked about earlier was stuff that we already had planned in the mix for the most part for Q4, versus how we want to spread the TV promotions between Q3 and Q4. When you helicopter back all the way up and kind of set context for the year, we set out this year to expand our margins through changes in the operating model and to grow our top line with a little bit of market share growth. What we’re learning now as we’ve seen the customer play out is that our top line growth assumptions earlier in the year turned out to be too aggressive based on the environment that we see for demand, specifically in the TV industry and the computing industry overall; and we’re getting the activity that we wanted to get out of the margin expansion overall. So as we look structurally going forward, given where our model adds the most value per customers in representing those new launches of technology and those top tier brands, we feel great about the position that we’ve built around that and our ability to drive even more profit out of that. We find ourselves just more challenged in the top line from an industry standpoint than we set out, especially when a lot of that growth that did happen in the computing space is happening in a form factor that we don’t participate in proportionally as we do in the rest of the CE business. Thank you for your questions, Mike.
