Hubert Joly: I think anyone can have their view on the future. I think we have shared ours this morning. We have a backdrop of a consumer environment that’s a bit fragile. We see the trends, of course in our space you always have ups and you always have downs so the net effect is what you’ve to look at. Specifically as it relates to TV while we’re excited by the new technology and the customer response I think we all have to appreciate the fact that the actual impact this year will still be relatively limited before we ramp up into next year. So that’s something take into consideration. Of course as it relates to mobile. The uncertainties around the quantities you get at this point in time and frankly we have little visibility, a limited visibility at this point in time. So I think you can develop the view that there is upside but we want to highlight that there is some factors that limits the potential top line in the back half of the year. But again Simeon, forecasting is difficult so we shared our view and we respect yours.
Hubert Joly: I think what’s prompting change is from a strategic direction standpoint there is no chance. Meaning that our moves completely consistent with the roadmap that we have outlined over the last couple of years and certainly this year. I think the investments are a combination of us seeing the potential of some of the initiatives we’re working on as well as the need to be in the game for some of these initiatives. So no dramatic change but increasing confidence and sense of reality around these opportunities. I don’t whether Sharon McCollam you want to add any color to this but that’s what I would say.
Hubert Joly: So e-commerce penetration in our categories is higher than in retail in general. We’re one of the most highly penetrated sector from an e-commerce standpoint and it continues to shift, that’s one of the things I said earlier. We’re seeing continued and rapid shift in consumer behavior in researching and then buying online but if not buying online, studying the research process online before going to the stores which we do see is the for a given purchase, it reduces the number of trips to the store because you come to the store very well equipped and you completed. This is not new but this is continuing and very significant this has been the premise of the entire Renew Blue strategy and transformation. Now we’re very encouraged by the growth of our online business, 22% this quarter. The reason why we’re excited about this is that, as we said before, is to achieve the same kind of market share online as we’re experiencing in the stores and we have much to do. So all of this is happening in a context where we’re able to improve our operating income rate year-over-year which is something that we’re very excited about. Now as it relates to your question pertaining to the profitability online versus the stores, I would first preface it by saying that trying to construct a meaningful P&L by channel is actually a fairly futile exercise because it is so inter-dependent. How should I count and allocate the marketing expenses? How should I count and allocate the investment that I make online for which a lot of the conversion is actually happening in the stores. So this is an exercise with limited practicality. This being said, in general online today the mix of products we sell, so let me say that profitability for given product is not materially different online versus in the stores. What we do see today is that from a mix standpoint not surprisingly the kinds of products that we tend to sell more online would be lower cube, lower touch, more commodity type products simple to buy, convenient and so forth. Whereas in the stores you’re going to buy higher cube, higher touch products. You’re going to have online -- still today despite our great progress lower attachments of accessories and services. And I don’t think that this is necessarily something that we will continue. In fact we’re determined to change that by helping customers buy the entire solution online and so down the road we would expect the profitability to the extent that we can calculate profitability to converge between the two channels but today as we shift more towards the online channel, this is having a slightly negative impact on the overall gross profit rates because of these lower attachments.
Hubert Joly: In the Renew Blue presentation back in November of 2012 we had tried to estimate that and from memory we had estimated that the market share or the penetration of online in our industry was in the high-teens and so clearly we have room to grow here. The mindset of the company as we see no reason why our online market share, or market share online should be lower than in the stores and we are determined to be agnostic from a channel standpoint and a profitability standpoint so as to be able to serve the customers the way they want to buy it.
Hubert Joly: I think that’s, we don’t know of course the inventory levels of our competitors. What I would say is if you rewind to last year the market environment, the demand in our space in Q2 and Q3 as well as our own comps trended relatively positively in Q2 and Q3 I think we were -- in Q3 we were positive in the low-single digits and while we were probably getting market share, this was also represented of a more supportive business environment including in the very important mobile category and whereas this year to repeat when we look at the market in Q1 and Q2 including in mobile you’ve a very different picture. Sharon talked about in mobile, everybody is talking and accepting new products in the back half but the penetration of smartphones in the country has really reached very high level. So how big of an impact is it going to have above and beyond the question of the availability of the inventory. So you’ve I think a very different environment. Forecasting into Q4 is really hard; we’re giving you our best shot. I think that after Q3 we all maybe able to get a better perspective. There will be more information but certainly the sentiment going into the back half of the year is very different from what it is today. Now we’re not sitting here thinking and hoping that everybody there will be say, okay so we won't compete in consumer electronics we’re not counting on that. What we’re highlight is that we ourselves are approaching holiday this year with a different set of tools than last year. Sharon talked about the better enhanced effectiveness around promotions and of course we have a whole list of things that we have been working on during the year that I mentioned including our gifting strategy and wish list which are being deployed. The better in store experience with the additional stores within the stores and expert labor in particular around Ultra-High definition TV but also appliances and what not. The more targeted marketing communication, the ship from store of course which will be in all of the stores was not in other stores last year. It was deployed in all other stores in January. And then the increased effectiveness as a result of the organizational changes was made in the stores. So as you can see we’re very focused on what we can control in executing everything in our control and then we will take the environment as it is.
Hubert Joly: I would say that back-to-school so far is in-line with our expectations. There is potentially I think in retail in general, a more positive environment but we’re not just going to take a couple or three weeks as a source of excitement. This is an economy in general in a sector where there is lot of volatility week to week and month to month depending on this, this and that. So but yes in general there is a sense that the retail environment in the last few weeks have been better and certainly the beginning of the quarter has been in-line with our expectations.
Hubert Joly: Yes, I mean what I would say without getting into excessive details. We have a very good relationship with all of our key vendors in that space. I think we’re mutually important to each other and we value their relationship. I think they value the channel. So in general that would be true in our business. Anytime there is significant innovation from a product standpoint that is far from being a negative if I can put it this way. So we look forward to the launch, I think our comments pertaining to the fact that every time in the initial weeks there is limited inventory and now I think we are being treated by our vendors very, very fairly. There is no doubt about this and I think in phones in the U.S. we have to keep in mind that while in the last five years you’ve seen a rapid increase of the penetration of smartphone you will reach a point of penetration which is about 70% which is quite high and it's about 90% plus of the new phones that are being sold being smartphones but there is a point where there is a cap to the penetration of phone. So we’re expecting a huge lift, is not something that we would contemplate.
Hubert Joly: What’s very exciting about Ultra-High Definition TV compared to 3D a few years ago is that the customer benefits is immediately tangible and meaningful in the form of improved image quality which of course is a huge driver of demand in particular when you get to these very large screens, the number of pixels become critically important and what’s very positive today is that even without new content you’ve the upscaling and so with the current content the customers see a material difference and when they go to our stores we can show them the difference between high-definition and ultra-high definition TV and I encourage everyone on the call as well as the rest of the country to pay a visit to one of our stores where you’ve the Samsung and Sony customer experience. When you walk into the store you don’t know that you need an Ultra-High Definition TV. After 10 minutes seeing the product and talking with Wesley [ph] blue shirt was hyper trained in Ultra-High Definition TV. You will know that you needed, the only question you will have is when and which one it will be. Now beyond that of course, there are various media companies that are working on 4k content. I think you can hear Netflix, you can hear Amazon, you can hear a variety of sources but again we don’t need to wait for that to have that. The TV, Samsung and Sony also have storage devices that allow you to have access to. So what’s going to drive the penetration is the price decline. Now prices have started to go down and probably for many of you on the phone it's going to be highly affordable this holiday but for the vast majority of the public they may want to wait until next year and the following year. There is price points that are significant from that standpoint. So, we think it's essentially a price discussion but the product itself is very ready and exciting. So which is why we said this morning we are excited by the potential but do realize that the impact this year will still be rather limited.
Hubert Joly: Thank you Sharon and I think we’re going to wrap this at this point and in closing obviously I want to thank our teams across the business for their outstanding commitment and hard work serving our customers every day and driving the transformation of our company and of course I would like to thank all of you on this call for your participation this morning and your ongoing support. So thank you and have a terrific day.
Sharon McCollam: Sure. David, I’ve to believe that it is an important number. First let’s just ground ourselves on ship from store, that aspect of our business right now which was over half of our online growth this quarter. In the store what we’re seeing with that number is we launched it late April and the stores are just now starting to use it. We’re seeing the numbers increase each day and we’re looking again in these customer facing initiatives I was talking about, we’re looking at some opportunities there to make that even a more efficient process once they found the inventory and getting it to the customer faster. So I think that last year we didn’t have it at all. Similar to ship from store, you’re seeing you know what’s doing for us obviously. In the store side of it, they did not have this capability and then in ship from store when you think about the back half of last year, if you recall in Q2 and Q3 we really only had 50 stores that were shipping, October last year we went to 400 stores shipping and then in January of ’14 this year we went to -- our all 1400 stores. So in the back half we also expect the ship from store capability to benefit us in three ways. One of course is serving the customer where, when and how they wanted, they want that inventory and we have opened up that 2 billion of inventory to give to them. The second is the margin improvement that we’re seeing because particularly on our clearance end of life inventories, it is creating a much more efficient clearing method because we have so many viewers online to supplement the retail traffic thus driving a better outcome on the markdowns.  Another benefit that we have seen from ship from store is that when we’re allocating the inventory to all the stores we used to send a lot of that inventory back for reallocation when we’re out of balance. We have significant, more than half of the inventory returned a year ago, we didn’t have to return this year. Thus the cost and complexity that goes along with that. So those are what we’re seeing now. The back half of course is a very different time of year and there is nothing in what I just shared with you that would say to us here that we’re not going to see the types of benefits at a much higher rate occurring in the back half for us particularly again this is so big around Q4 when I’ve to have it I need that gift, those kinds of demands from our customers and we will be shipping faster and that will be important.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, I think that it's important though to recall that when we gave that we said we need very low single-digit but single digit positive comp sales. When you think about the revenue leverage that you see especially in quarters like Q4, on the fixed cost which I called out earlier in my business drivers for Q4, it's so significant and with our categories, these NPD categories tracking at this negative 2.5% rate I know it makes it hard to see but that 5 to 6 is predicated on that. What we’re particularly pleased with right now well not excited about negative comps, don’t get me wrong is that with the things that are within our control operationally and executionally we’re continuing to improve in those areas. What that says is that when we get to that point, where we see the cycle comeback into CE that we’re going to have the operational infrastructure and the cost structure that will highly leverage those sales and that’s the part that we’re greatly looking forward to and I know as investors you guys are too. But that’s how we see getting to that number is going to be through some top line growth and then in addition to that continuing to make progress against these kinds of initiatives that we spoke of today.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, in the spirit on the SG&A side of the Renew Blue cost reductions. We have obviously taken substantial cost out of the company and of course they have slowed I mean the 40 million is less than it was in the previous quarter. The place that as you know we have not included in that billion a large percentage is of the returns replacements and damages, we within the numbers we’re reporting on our achievement of Renew Blue has an amount associated with returns, replacements and damages but it's actually very slow to-date. And off that as you recall let’s just all get grounded. We said we’re losing over -- approximately 450 million and we expect to lose a 100. So we see a 300 million to 350 million opportunity there. It's very structural and how we go after it, we’re going in the fourth quarter you will start seeing a lot of that online inventory show up and then Hubert in his prepared remarks to help give you guys more visibility to some of the other things that are happening in the company because while showing the inventory online is very important and quite frankly getting those viewers and getting that population when the majority of this inventory is sold online anyway is critical but there are other operating things happening internally right now and plan is being put into place and changes in operating procedures happening that we think are going to accelerate that for us as we -- this would be a 2016 opportunity for us as well. So that’s where I see it coming from Alan going forward. We will continue, however there are areas operationally in the company, I would speak to our services areas and some of our other what I would call tasking related activities in our stores and some of our replenishment processes where I think that there is higher efficiency to be garnered but again many of these requires structural system changes, so are slower in coming.
Sharon McCollam: Yes Alan, we certainly believed that early in the year that we would see less softness in those NPD categories. We also were more optimistic about the innovation in mobile and after last year having the Samsung Galaxy other things came out we don’t want to go vendor by vendor, we had a few exciting things last year but the fact that the innovation in mobile has been pretty soft this year was different than we hoped. Now the good news is that we have remained very conservative and you know us. We don’t live on our wishes and hopes here; we live on what the data says. So, based on the industry data around these categories it still does not paint a positive picture. If you look at the people who write about this industry even with a highly anticipated phone, not speaking to any one vendor but one of the highly anticipated phone launch. The saturation in the mobile phone category makes this complicated to forecast. We think it's exciting and we think the installment billing programs which by the way Hubert also called out. We’re seeing an acceleration in that and it's very fast, the disruption of the carriers could be a dynamic that we did not anticipate. What’s happening with the carrier plans right now what you’re observing I’m sure we did not anticipate. Now again until we see what that means we’re not going to put that into a forecast. We’re looking at economic data just like you, our consumer trending data and this is what it's showing. Now that is the same data I might add that told us to tell you last quarter that Q2 would be negative low single digit comps which is exactly where we ended up and we still in those NPD categories gained share. So that is what we’re using Alan. So could it be better? Yes. Is the acceleration of Ultra-High Definition TV happening? There is no question about it. I saw an analyst report out this morning on the topic. So if that happens, you know when you read what I wrote this is predicated. What I explained and laid out is predicated on a low single-digit negative comp and the environment we’re in now with only slight excitement and not any other offsets to this phone and UHD opportunity. Clearly I don’t know if anyone is out there, that is better positioned than Best Buy with our new 800 Samsung and Sony Home Theater stores within the stores. I don’t know how you could be better positioned to go after this new opportunity not to mention and I have to call this out is the blue shirts that are supporting that in our stores but knowledge of UHD in Best Buy, I’ve to say we would put it up against anything in the industry right now and we’re very product of that. So those are the possibilities Alan, that is not something I’m telling you that the data does not support it and then there also you need to get -- you would also have to have an excessive amount of inventory as well. So we will see what happens but right now we see the data says that we could see similar NPD performance, track the categories performance.
Sharon McCollam: In our prepared remarks or in my prepared remarks I said and was very clear, and this is for both Q3 and Q4 that we expected a similar promotional competitive environment. I left out irrational but okay, that was your adjective. But what we said is that we’re going to have better promotional effectiveness internally. After Q4 last year you will recall Hubert made many comments about what we would be doing differently this year and has really done that each quarter and we have seen it work each quarter. So going into Q4, the rational disciplines that we have implemented and some of this additionally is also very operating procedure and systematic internal or systematic internally. We did not have the capabilities, pricing capabilities and promotional tracking capabilities a year ago that prepared us well for that kind of an environment. This year we have made investments in those areas. We have talked about those in previous calls and our teams are getting stronger obviously every quarter. So we anticipate our ability to do better but honestly we just believe that our competition will continue with similar behaviors to previous years. 
Sharon McCollam: And David I will just add we’re very focused on the calendar at Best Buy and the things that go all around the calendar. One thing to consider which I’m sure you’re all considering. I have seen several reports, is that because of the weather last year many school districts are going back to school early and we are also very focused on how much of this is lift versus shift because of the timing of earlier back-to-school dates than a year ago to cover up for snow days. So that is just an add for you on some things that we’re looking at internally just to make sure we don’t get over -- get ahead of our lights in this.
Sharon McCollam: We have not been continuing to publish that number, we actually because of the investments we have made in the stores and other things, we feel that it's little more competitive than it used to be. So we have made a decision to not continue to report on segments of our G&A. 
Sharon McCollam: Yes I think that obviously every day we’re practicing better promotional effectiveness and when we look at our performance as it relates to all periods but back-to-school as well we have been using that rigor, that promotional rigor around all that that we’re doing and obviously we’re seeing outcome similar to outcomes that we saw in the second quarter. So yes, I believe that what you’re seeing from us today as it relates to pricing and promotional rigor is going to be no different than what you see -- I actually believe in Q4 it will be better because you guys got to remember there were something’s in Q4 last year that of course were above and beyond exceptional target breaches and other things which I don’t even want to raise here. So I believe that all the disciplines we put in around and then those things that will not recur may put us in a very strong position thus the reason that in the prepared remarks today we talked about the fact that despite all of these things we’re still expecting operating margin expansion in the back half equal to what we have seen in the first half of this year. So despite some of these negative things that we’re talking about despite the fact that we’re going to -- we have guided to you slightly negative single digit comps we’re still saying we’re going to expand our operating margin even though -- versus some of the first call estimates we could have 300 million or so less revenues. So it is that promotional effectiveness and of course then there is the G&A side of it as well that’s driving that but we’re expecting to see benefit in Q4 on both.
