Matthew Bilunas: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. Clearly, we do believe stimulus did play a factor at our performance, as we think about going from Q1 to Q2. March and April, a little stronger than February and as we entered into May, we're starting the quarter off at about 30%. And clearly stimulus, like the other stimulus’s that we saw is playing an impact. It's very difficult to monitor or actually estimate what that is. And it's part of the reason as we look to the future, you know, the back half of this year, we know that it has had some impact and why we would see the back half being a little bit different than the front half of this year. But it clearly is having an impact and we'll have to watch and see where that goes. There is an element of childcare tax credits that are coming that could also help and replace some of the stimulus, so we'll watch that as close as we can.
Matthew Bilunas: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Simeon. Overarchingly, as we see the store's sales rebound a bit from last year, we are seeing strong attach rates, pretty normal historical level attach rates with our stores and as we've talked about in the past as e-commerce is a growing business. We're seeing continued improvement on e-commerce attach as well. So we're seeing good utilization. We're selling a lot of television appliances and so the installation delivery is quite high, that we've been talking about. So, things are returning to back to normal if you will, and obviously, there's a lot of need to support people in their homes, as they're living in a very hybrid way right now. So, we're seeing a good return to our services business. From an e-com mix and what that does to the EBIT range, clearly, if you look at the implied math this year from our new guide, it does imply that, even though our e-com mix is a bit lower than we estimated in starting the year that the implied math is that our OI rates are actually a little stronger than they would have been at the start of the year. So, even though we're mixing a little bit out of e-com, we are still seeing good leverage on our sales, despite the fact we are shifting back a bit more into store sales.
Matthew Bilunas: Yeah. Thank you for the question. In the previous guidance, essentially, short term incentive was assumed to be flat for the year, as we looked through the first quarter and our performance. And again, look outwards towards the end of the year, that performance clearly increased. And so that 225 to 275 is really the increased expectations on the full year business, and our original asset was basically flat on a year-over-year basis. So the other elements of SG&A from a guide perspective, it's pretty consistent. We know that we're going to continue developing technology or continue to invest in technology and health, and that's about $150 million. That's still in our guide for the year. And then, as well, we do know that there's about $100 million of COVID-related decisions we made last year that we have to lap this year. And that's inclusive of the $40 million contribution to the foundation, we made in Q3. So those are consistent. The biggest increase is really around that incentive compensation adjustment.
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. Thank you. And I can start and then Corie could jump in if she wants there. I think fundamentally, we believe, just starting with the rural technology and people's lives has only intensified. And so essentially, what we've done is we took our Q1 beat and then increased our cost [ph] expectations for Q2. And we really left the back half unchanged at this point because there's still a lot of uncertainty. We are seeing customers shop in the service category areas now in addition to ours. We're still seeing some strength even though people are returning to more normalized shopping behavior. But we also are thoughtful about the fact that stimulus will probably have a less event impact as we get into the back half of the year. And so those are some of the bigger things in our mind. I think we do believe that the hybrid work model will continue. So there could be some continued opportunity there as well. As you look at the back half, the personal saving rate is very high and people's financial credit stability is very strong. And again, there could be some additional child tax credits coming in earlier - this back half of the year. And then in addition, we have - we continue to be optimistic about innovation and how continued relationships with partners like T-Mobile will help our business. But there's still a lot of uncertainty in terms of what the back half will hold in terms of the customer shopping trends. And also, we just still are wary of inventory availability. We have a lot of inventory. We can still support a high level of sales with constraints, but there is a very high demand that we have to be thoughtful about as well. So that's essentially the thoughts that went into the EBIT guide.
Corie Barry: Yeah. Thank you for the question, David. Well, we haven't really disclosed specific details on it. You can imagine that finding a way to monetize that level of traffic is an important part of the retail model, and that's definitely true for us as it is for any other retailer. Our traffic and our engaged customers are an incredible asset. We think they are very valuable to our brand partners, both currently, but also increasingly, as the media landscape evolves. So, you can imagine that we are leveraging those assets currently. And we're continuing to develop new and differentiated ways in which we can make sure that we optimize that traffic.
Corie Barry: I think it's a little bit potentially about both, but I'd argue right now, a little bit more of the latter, where we're trying to figure out what's the right mix of having those distribution facilities that deliver with convenience. But also enough touch points, importantly, so that you also are able to meet the customer expectations. I mean, when still 60% of what we sell is either being picked up in a store or shipped from a store that in-store capability is incredibly important to the customer experience. And so, I will start with where I did in the prepared remarks and that is our number one goal is to ensure seamless customer experiences. And as we said, our customers look to us for everything from inspiration and support, all the way to that really convenient fulfillment opportunity. And so the goal of the test right now is to say, what is the right balance between that really deep experiential selling square footage, that fulfillment square footage that might be behind the scenes. And one of the things that you didn't quite get in the prepared remarks is that often, you might have a little bit less selling square footage, but all the SKUs are available in the back because it's like a mini fulfillment center, so you can still deliver on the customer experiences. And so it's - right now, it's about trying to test how do all these things play together and then what's the right balance that delivers importantly on the customer expectations over time.
Corie Barry: Yeah, Scott. Thanks for the question. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we have definitely said that we've seen at least some spotty inventory shortages. And so obviously, to your point, the team has done an amazing job navigating an environment where they can drive a 37% comp. And our days of supply have been improving throughout the quarter, and we think they'll continue to improve into Q2. But given the unprecedented demand and some of the production disruptions, we have seen constraints, particularly in appliances, computing, TVs. And then we've talked about gaming, obviously, which has been a bit spotty. We're seeing some of that disruption driven by really four things. You've got raw materials and production capacity. You've got the very well-documented chip shortages. You've got port and container constraints and delays. And then ultimately, over all of that is this kind of sustained unprecedented, truly global demand in our space. And I think what's interesting about our business is we have a high degree of transferability. Meaning because we are a special PCE player, especially if you come into the store, but I would argue in our digital properties, we can help you navigate what exactly you are looking for, and then what are the variety of products that might meet your needs. So if you come in for a certain SKU, Scott, as an example, we'll have an associate there who might say, we don't have that one, but here is another SKU that will meet your same needs, same size TV, same spec, that kind of thing. And so I think that helps us navigate this inventory situation in a way that's a little bit different than others. And like I said, I think we're going to continue we believe, to see some level of inventory constraints likely in pockets throughout the rest of the year, assuming that you kind of continue to see the sustained level of demand. But I'm very proud and impress the way the team is navigating through it. And then the last thing I would say before we got is, our inventory is also in the best situation, I see that in terms of at [ph] risk. It's very clean inventory. Much of it is new. It's turning really fast, like Matt said. So it's actually some of the highest inventory quality we've ever seen.
Corie Barry: No. I would just underscore. I think we are seeing a huge refresh right now as Mike said, and it's still not done. And demand for PC gaming and crypto and graphics cards remains really high as well. So it's a broad category, when we talk about it. And so I think you are still going to see a population that likely is going to be living some hybrid [ph] life for the foreseeable future and I think the refresh cycle as a result are going to continue to speed up as people look forward that new and better way for them to work-from-home, school-from-home and continue actually the stream-from-home in some cases. So yeah, obviously it's been six quarters of positive comp growth, but we continue to see a real demand for the continued innovation of the products.
Corie Barry: Thank you. And with that, I think that's our last question. Thank you so much for joining us today. And I hope that many of our investors listening today are able to join us at our Annual Shareholder Meeting, which will be held virtually on June 16. Thanks so much, and have a great day.
Michael Mohan: Yeah. Steve, I think its great question and I'm excited for what the team has put together. As you look forward, as scheduling, flexibility and some of the systems will enable us to even be more on demand, we really want to have a great experience, so that's why like Corie mentioned most of this is next day, so we can queue it up and have this amazing experience. I think what makes us interesting is that we got the permission from customers to get across the threshold and we're thinking about that quite a bit. So today, it's a ring a doorbell and drop it on the step, but I think you can maybe pull on the string a little bit and we have the ability to get into someone's home, have a conversation, set up a profile, maybe even have a discussion around membership, and potentially get them set up as an advisor. So I think you know, that's one of the things we're excited about the most. But also we’re going to give our employees some choice in the moment if they want to pick up extra income, they can also be doing this and supporting the experience with our customers.
Michael Mohan: Maybe you know, adding on to what Corie said, Jonathan, maybe two other things is, I just want to reinforce. We have an incredibly good network of real estate locations today and I think that's really important, because it complements the strategy of why we need our stores. And the second is almost half of our stores are up for renewal. We do a relatively short term leases with our team. And so we have the ability to be super flexible to move with speed, depending on what we see, will be like, at any given time in the market as well.
Michael Mohan: Hey, Seth. Its Mike. I'll start, and Corie and Matt can chime in. Computing has been a phenomenal sales success story in the industry and for Best Buy. And I think the position that we created look for consumers and then, you know, for some of our direct-to-business segments as well driving our good results. I think the category is also going to be constraint and we have talk a little bit about our inventory. And we feel we have enough inventories to meet the demands, and inventory is getting better. We're going to have a - maybe more normal back-to-school selling season as kind of things normalize. In an environment where the inventory remains relatively tight, and some of the form factors are changing quickly. We moved from things needed to be ultra portable and very productivity driven to things that need bigger screens, for example. And that means new product revs, when we see new product revs, we usually see less proportionality. So overall, I think you guys know that computing does have a lower profit rate than some of the other businesses at Best Buy, but the actual revenue contribution and then actual EBIT flow through is really attractively we like it. And I don't know if Corie or Matt, you might have anything else to add here.
