Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, Dan. I think we’re very excited about the customer experience from this program. As a reminder for everyone, this is an expert technology advisor, who has got great both product proficiency across everything we sell, and great customer relationship skills, will typically go to the customer’s house. Why is it important to go to the customer’s house? In many cases, if we want to have a discussion about your networking needs, or your home theater, or how you want to automate your home, we really need to have this conversation in your home. And from a customer standpoint, this is not limited to luxury and premium. We’ve had this motto that Corie introduced when she was leading this program of no order too small, no sale is too small. We see this as the beginning of a beautiful friendship, as we would say in Casablanca, or the beginning of a customer relationship, as the In-Home Advisor can become an ongoing resource for the customer. The results are very encouraging, Dan. The customer satisfaction from this is very material. Our stores – the front liners are a good test of whether something makes sense or not. And the level of excitement in the field, I think, it’s very high. Financially, this is resulting in positive results, there is a higher sale average, sale per visit, tend to be also a better gross profit margin, because it’s going to be a more complete solution. And then of course, what we expect is the tail, that again this is going to be a strong ongoing relationship, a higher share of the basket. Now, this is something that from a scaling standpoint, we’re not rushing, because we want to make sure we get this right, and we scale this right. This is – it’s easy to talk about, but finding the right personnel, training them appropriately, managing them effectively, giving them the right tools, CRM tools, for example, the ability also to build a customer in their home. So we’re pacing ourselves. We do believe this is going to scale. In fact, in my prepared remarks, I commented on the fact that we would go to more markets. But, because this is almost a professional services business, you don’t want to go overnight to full scale. So we’ll pace our self, and we’ll update you as we move forward. So, all together, very, very exciting. It’s a good illustration, if you will, Dan, of where the Company is going. We go beyond just selling products and solving real customer needs, touching people’s lives. There’s so many great stories about how our In-Home Advisors have really touched people in their lives, changing how they live. It’s not just about using technology, it’s about touching their lives. I’m becoming emotional, so I’ll stop.
Hubert Joly: Maybe if can add a couple of sentences to what Corie said. I think back in the Renew Blue presentation in November 2012, we actually had some aggregate market share numbers, and Michael, if you go back, they were in the mid-teens. That’s if you go across all of the categories. And so one of the things we’re very clear internally is that as long as we’re not at 100% market share, we have opportunity to grow. This is still a very fragmented market. Of course, our share varies across product categories. We think that the needs of customers in our categories are very sophisticated. We’re raising the bar. There’s probably a couple of competitors who are also raising the bar, but it’s hard for people to compete in this category at the same pace and level of investments we’re making. So we think there is a lot of runway in terms of gaining market share. Now, as we introduce Best Buy 2020, building the New Blue, our strategy is not just to gain market share in these product categories. It’s to go beyond that and address underlying customer needs in terms of services and solutions, which significantly expands our addressable market. While there’s a lot of work we have to do to capture these opportunities, that’s another axis, if you will of our growth potential.
Hubert Joly: Yes, so there’s several factors. One is the market, the other one is market share. Clearly after many years of increasing penetration of smartphones in this country, the penetration is now at a very high level, and you’re more in a replacement market, specifically during the quarter. In addition, the market which we think from a handset standpoint in calendar Q4 was down, the market was hindered by the product recall issue, and then by demand supply issues that the other vendor had in this category and that was reported on their call. So we don’t expect significant growth in this category from a market standpoint. What we briefly commented upon in my prepared remarks, is that we believe that we have the opportunity, and that’s going to be our goal, to gain market share. As you know, this is one of the categories where our share is the lowest, in single digits. We continue to believe that buying a phone today at any retailer is not a pleasant experience. It’s actually quite painful, and our ambition is to provide a smoother, easier, more compelling customer experience, and on that basis, leveraging the rest of our assets including the very large traffic we have both online and in our stores to do this. So we’re working on that, and so we have the ambition to grow a little bit our market share. It’s much more that, than expecting the market to grow.
Hubert Joly: Alan. Thank you for the questions. Calculating the missed opportunity is not an exact science. We have tried to quantify what we believe is the impact in the quarter from these really unprecedented constrained product availability issues. We believe it was well over $100 million of missed sales in the quarter, and frankly could be close or around $200 million, and that’s on top of the $200 million impact from the Samsung recalls. And this was across multiple vendors, I won’t go through all of the details but many vendors have spoken about this supply demand, imbalances on their calls or the press has reported, and you may have experienced yourself in our stores or online because I know all of you are frequent shoppers. That’s about the order of magnitude, Alan . In terms of next year or this fiscal year, in our prepared remarks, both Corie and I have spoken about the impact in the first half, notably from the product recall from last year, meaning the Note 7 not being available for sale. This year that’s about $50 million. And then at least there’s an assumption on our part based on various public indications that the launch of a new phone would happen later in the quarter, even though we don’t have a firm date at this point in time. So some of these things erode in the second half. So clearly a bit like last year, in aggregate, we’re seeing a softer beginning of the year, and then a recovery in the second half. We have to be humble in terms of forecasting, because frankly, these product availability issues could not have been anticipated at the beginning of the last year, and so we are sharing with you some assumptions. But it’s hard to be certain of course, at this point in time.
Hubert Joly: So this is something we constantly look at, particularly during this holiday quarter, which is very and so forth. If we could have generated more sales, more profitable sales through more promotional activity, we would have done it. I think the cap on our revenue is really the two things we highlighted. One was the product availability issues. No point in promoting a product that’s not available, obviously. And then the very material softness in gaming. So the short answer to your question, Anthony, is no, we don’t feel – this is not completely scientific. We don’t feel we left money on the table from a top line standpoint based on promotional decisions.
Hubert Joly: I want to reiterate, profitable top line. You can always lose money, but that’s not what you want us to do.
Hubert Joly: So thank you for this question. So we’re not going to mention the name of this particular retailer, but I think that if we’re thinking about the same, they have about 200 stores roughly, so it’s about 20% of our stores have an overlap with them. I think they do about $1 billion of revenue in appliances, and the rest of their business is mainly furniture, don’t have much electronics left. If they do file and close their stores, which we have no information about, then you can assume that the $1 billion would be shared across a variety of players. These are the orders of magnitude, so not something transformative for us. There’s been a pattern in this category of some players consistent generous share donors, and we do expect that to continue in the quarter, which is one of the reasons we’re excited about the appliance category.
Hubert Joly: Thank you, Brian. So let me take the first part, and then Corie will lead the second part on the economic impact. So number one, very proud of the performance of our e-commerce channel. I think if you go back four years ago, the experience on our site and the experience on our site today and mobile app, this is a sea change, complete transformation, both on the shopping experience, as well as the supply chain, so very, very proud of that. From the beginning, we said that we wanted to be driven by how customers want to buy, and shop and buy. And so, in the way we run the business, we’re not trying to steer the customer towards one channel or the other. And in fact, it’s increasingly difficult to identify what channel is responsible for the business, because the customers will usually start online, maybe complete the sale online, may go to the store and back and forth, and of course 40% of the orders are picked up in the store or shipped from the store. So there’s a blurring of the two channels. There is clearly a trend, though, in particular for the smaller, simpler items, for customers to buy online, something that you’re familiar with. It’s hard to know how high it’s going to be. What we also know is that for the larger cube, higher touch categories where seeing the product, having access to an experienced sales associate, and then having the in-home experience, that set of assets is really critical for us. So we’re driven by innovating the customer experience, developing competitive experience, combining our two sets of assets. In general, that means we believe the online piece will continue to expand, and we do believe that our stores have a critical role to play. Now, from an economic standpoint, Corie, tells us how we see it.
Hubert Joly: Thank you Corie. Maybe in closing, let me just say a couple of things. As we close fiscal 2017, clearly we’re very proud of the results we’ve delivered in this last year, and as we begin fiscal 2018, we’re very excited about the next phase of our journey that we’ve announced today, Best Buy 2020. We’re also excited about the return of capital plans that we’ve announced this morning. Thank you very much for your attention this morning and your continued support. Have a great day.
Corie Barry: Yes, so good morning, Brad. This is Corie. There’s a few things going on there. I’m going to start with home theater. Home theater continues to perform well, but it is not the biggest driver of this quarter of some of the increase we’re seeing, other things that are included in the consumer electronics category are our connected home products. We’ve seen some very nice growth out of our home automation products, in particular. And we also actually have our headphone category in consumer electronics, which has been a strong performer for us over the last quarter. And then finally, we actually saw a bit of a tick- up in our digital imaging business, as well that contributed. So really, in home theater we continued to see good results. Sequentially that’s been pretty consistent. It was some of those other categories that really outperformed in Q4.
Corie Barry: Yes, so obviously, I’m not going to give category guidance, but in general what I’d say as we – we expect into the same dynamic to play out, which is, we’ve seen good unit growth over time as new technologies become more and more accessible. But that has obviously come at lower ASPs, and what we like for us is that the balance between those two things, and the mix of business for us, that’s what Hubert commented on, this ability for us to sell the more fully featured, the up and coming technology, to really experience what a 60, 70, 90-inch TV’s looks and feels like, that mix of business for us has been very helpful and very strong. Now, obviously we’d expect continued proliferation of technologies, always means a moderation in the ASP gains and we’ve said we’d expect some of the share gains to moderate, but we don’t expect this to look like a cliff for us. We expect continued evolution and development in the category, and we think we’re really well positioned to continue to see this category through the next year.
Corie Barry: I will try these one at a time. First, on the spread question, in the actual categories that are included in NPD, our spread was actually very similar in Q4 as it has been in Q2, Q3, and if anything, it actually might have grown a little bit. The tricky part is the categories that are not included in NPD, and a couple of those we specifically called out multiple times in the release and that is mobile and gaming. In those categories, we said we saw pressure, due to a couple different factors. But it’s those categories that are creating a little bit of the shrink in the differential between our results, and what you see in NPD. In terms of the overall share of the markets, we haven’t ever publicly released what we think the overall market share looks like. We did talk a little bit in the release about the fact we just generally believe that the overall market has been down, certainly down in the last calendar year, and that we’ve been able to gain share, and we continue as we said, going forward, we continue to believe we’re well positioned to do that.
Corie Barry: Hey Matt, its Corie, I think it’s reasonable to say that we’d expect there to be a bit of margin pressure in the category. It’s not just the changes, it’s broader than just the changes in how people are paying. It’s also, as you think about the unlocked and prepaid businesses being much more viable models as well for customers, which again we think is great space for us to play in because it offers choice and gives us a different way to position ourselves in the category. You’ve seen it for the last few quarters at least, listed as one of the margin pressures for us, and I think that continues.
Corie Barry: Yes, there is a couple of things going on with the guide. Number one, let’s take the cost side first. Obviously, we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made thus far on the Renew Blue phase two cost reductions. $150 million in FY16, $200 million in FY17, and we feel like we’re well positioned to close that out this year, and then talk more openly about what comes next. In those buckets, the places where we’ve seen some really nice progress. If you remember back to when Sharon would talk a lot about some of the returns, replacements and damaged inventory, the teams have done some really exceptional work in those areas and across the board have created profitability. Remember, sometimes these show up in gross profit. Sometimes they show up in SG&A. Some of this is the work that actually ends showing up in gross profits. And is improving some of that return and damaged inventory. Another place where we have seen some good improvements is across supply chain and across contractually how we think about some of our agreements with our carriers and the way we’re making some of our supply chain choices. We think some nice cost reductions there as well. I think we’ve said it from the beginning, that this phase, it is more cross functional. It is very different than the first $1 billion we took out. It requires us to think differently about our processes. To your question about, is there really going to be more, isn’t it just going to get harder? I’m not saying it’s easy, but I think we all fundamentally believe that. Just like you would expect in manufacturing. We have to continue to find productivity in our business, and better and more efficient ways of doing things. Frankly, at the end of the day, they typically also result in a better employee and a better customer experience. The truth is if we have costs that we’re embedding, somewhere down the line, it’s breaking. The second piece, Simeon, I want to make sure that I call out, and we said it in the release, is that we also are expecting to roll out some of these new initiatives, and we’re expecting some return on those initiatives, as well. It’s not just the cost reduction side. It’s also an expectation that we see returns on these initiatives that to be clear, we’re vetting very carefully, based on the tests and pilots that we’re running thus far. Does that help.
Corie Barry: From a channel shift perspective, while it’s true that in general, we tend to see lower profitability in gross profit online, and a lot of that due to obviously some of the attach, the things that you do in the store in a relationship, that are a little bit harder to do online. The team has done an exceptional job of improving the profitability of our online business year-over-year. And so while you have the mix impact, that puts a little bit of pressure, you have a rate improvement in the channel in and of itself which has really been helping us mitigate that channel shift. Additionally, one of the things that’s a little bit different for us is that we obviously invest in our in-store expertise, and we spend time with our customers, and we invest in that expertise which means obviously when you’re in store, there is an expense profile associated with being in store. And that helps create a balance with actually the expense profile that we have, and usually associated with shipping and some of the other supply chain metrics online. And so we don’t find the disparity between the channels to be as great as some people would talk about, but at the same time, we’re very clear about our belief that this continues, and it continues because of how people like to shop, and it’s also a big part of the reason that Hubert talked about. We believe strongly that cost control continues to be something that’s really important for us, as we think about our business going forward.
Corie Barry: All right. We’ll start with gaming. Obviously we’ve seen, like we said, softness coming out of Q4. Gaming is very interesting for us. We tend to over-index on the hardware side of gaming. And so we tend to be very tied to major releases and the demand around the excitement on those releases, and so it’s a little bit difficult for us to understand exactly what some of those product launches will look like. In general, we don’t expect a massive change in the trajectory, other than the extent to which those releases are exciting for people. So obviously, as we go into Q1 here, we have the switch as part of the guidance that we gave you for Q1 and the excitement around that. From there on out, we don’t have a ton of visibility to how the market will change over time, but we’ll continue to update you as we know more about the product cycle on that one. But in general, I think that’s the hardware side. On the software side, we definitely continue to see a move towards digital and that obviously, from the way that we sell, puts some pressure on our sales, because we tend to be more of a physical gaming retailer versus a digital one. I think I would expect that shift to continue and that pressure to continue to be there, as we go forward. Your second question on store closures, and so, we obviously have a very stringent process here for looking at our stores. Within the next, oh, call it five years, we’re going to see about 70% of our leases – we see about 100 a year. That gives us some flexibility. As we look at those leases, as you would expect, we do have a pretty high bar that we set for our stores. We talked earlier about our expectation that online growth continues at the pace we’ve seen it. We build those expectations into the expectations for our store performance. And we assume that there’s a definite chunk of that, that cannibalizes those stores. And so as we think about the store performance, we’re setting a high bar, based on what the store actually needs to perform, assuming that online growth. Given that, you can see over the last two years we’ve closed about 24 stores, and so I would expect us to continue to see that store closure effort going forward, and that will continue to use those high expectations for growth in the online channel.
