Jim Muehlbauer: Okay. Hey, Mike, it’s Jim Muehlbauer. Thank you for the question. Maybe just a little context on our margin rate for the year overall. Remember, we began the year with expectations for our domestic gross margin to be roughly flat year-over-year after actually growing it about 10 basis points last year, which as you know was very atypical for retailers, especially in the back half of last year given what was going on in the industry. So we got off to a quick start in Q1 due to a number of reasons that we reviewed on the last call. But we talked about the ability that we had to bring some additional new product lines, especially in the camera space into our stores in Q1 in advance of competition. We also talked about being short in inventory in Q1. And some of the areas we were short in inventory were some of the lower margin areas and smaller television screen sizes. So as we rotated into Q2, we actually as anticipated improved those in-stock positions on smaller screen sizes in televisions, which drove some of the rate down. As we look really to the back half of the year, we really haven’t changed our view competitively on what we think the environment is going to look like. A long way to go between now and the holidays, but looking at an annual number for the domestic business of down 10 to 20 basis points versus an original expectation of flat, honestly just isn't that dramatic of a difference. The thing I do think that we will face in Q4 of this year is we and many other retailers received benefits from vendors as they were trying to move through inventory at the end of last year. We are going to be lapping some pretty tough vender numbers from a support standpoint in the back half of the year. So I think that’s going to provide some softness, but we continue to see opportunities to leverage the various promotional strategies that we have in place. And what we have learned over the last couple of years about how to drive the business in areas that are relevant to the consumer by bundling solutions, which include some of the services that you talked about, Michael. I think we will continue to play out in some of the offers we put forth in the back half of the year. Specifically, your question around services comps, I think you noted that you saw that they were negative during the quarter. This is one of the dangers of segmenting your business in a product view way versus really understanding how the consumer looks at it. One of the offers that we drove during the quarter was a reduced price on installation. So customers, I believe, and Mike, you can correct me if I'm wrong, if they purchased a TV over $999; we basically provided installation for them. So the revenue associated with that installation is not showing up in the services business line where it would historically. Basically it is showing up within our margins within the television space. So our service business actually grew. But from a comparable store sales standpoint when you look at the service line individually, it looks like comps are down. Thank you for your question.
Jim Muehlbauer: David, within the computing category overall, one of the things we’ve been quite pleased by is that we’ve actually seen performance in rate in the last three of the four quarters. So what Wendy and the team have been doing and our store teams are finding solutions for customers to attach those bundles, have actually been driving rate improvements year-over-year in our notebook – in our computing business.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. So why don’t I take the comp trend question and I’ll let Brian follow up with the market share question. Mitch, I’m not going to go into specifics around the performance month-by-month, but consistent with my comments around traffic, we did see a sequential improvement. So the last month of the quarter was obviously the best performing month, both from a traffic and from a comparable store sales perspective. Certainly that is encouraging to us to see the stability that we have now seen over the past two quarters versus the week-to-week variability we saw in the back half of last year. It seems like customers are finding a rhythm as to how they are going to use their discretionary spending, and I think the thing that we continue to be encouraged by, while being obviously very pragmatic that we are still in a very tough environment, is Brian’s point, people are looking at their dollar spend in categories that add a lot of value. And consumer electronics are still very exciting category for customers and provide a lot of value, especially in this particular window of time. So seeing that traffic stabilize versus the trend that we saw late last year and the beginning of this year is a very encouraging sign, as we head into the back half holiday season.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. Let me start backwards. First, it absolutely did. So the only cost that I was referring to, Alan, are just the normal variable costs that you would have with check lane tender and supplies and things of that nature to support the higher volume. That is a great return on investment for us to make in that particular space. As we look at the specific actions and clearly for competitive reasons, we are not going to forward our comments around the specifics around what we are doing category-by-category. But really building on the point that Mike Mohan just provided, we see opportunities in the marketplace to continue to gain share in areas that matter most to our target customers around connected devices. So as we looked at out camera business specifically, we called out in the release, we saw an opportunity to take some of the margin that we had in Q1 and really make sure that we are market competitive in the key categories and the key markets within the camera business and use that to help improve our share, because we know over the long-term we can win with those customers. So we still had a very profitable business in cameras, but we actually used some of the margin to build share. The other area we looked at candidly after looking at a sequential decline in share in our appliances business is that we think we have a great offering in appliances. We think we can connect those devices for consumers and provide a meaningful point of difference in the marketplace. And our market share, I think, is certainly under-represented versus the plans and aspirations we have in that business. So we took the opportunity to get more competitive in that space. I wouldn’t say that we were price leading, but I would say that we weren’t lagging the market during the quarter, and our share gains also reflected that. Lastly, in the television space, which is the heart of the bread-and-butter of our home entertainment strategy, we are going to continue to make sure that those higher end experiences in products that provide connectivity for customers that they are looking for solutions just beyond the flat panel, that we have every opportunity to drive traffic to our stores. So we took actions during the quarter to support our business in that space as well. Last piece I would put in there is just it’s really more of a mix issue that shows up in rate, is that the launch of the new iPhone in our Best Buy Mobile stores across the US was a great success. We actually doubled the amount of volume that we sold on the iPhone from Q1 to Q2. That had the impact, though, of lowering our overall rate within the organization versus Q1. So iPhone is not going to have a new launch in Q3 and Q4. So we will be in a more normal mix as we head into the back half of the year.Alan Rifkin – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, Jim.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. Why don’t I give you the context on the numbers and I'll let Shari and team give you some more colors on the why’s behind that. So – no, we actually did see an overall improvement in traffic, as we mentioned. I think it’s a trend that we saw building in Q1 after the significant variability we experienced in the back half of last year. The thing that has been driving the growth in our business has been the combination of what we have been doing from an ASP standpoint on the product and our ability to attach the bundles and solutions. So it’s probably, Greg – to isolate it to one particular factor isn’t the right way to look at it. I think the other thing that you see that’s different in the quarter, Q2 versus Q1, is that our limited in-stock positions in Q1 in some key categories actually artificially helped keep our ASPs up. So when we are out of smaller screen sizes during Q1, we missed those sales. It had the interesting impact mathematically of increasing our ASPs probably more than they were. So I think we are looking at a more normalized run rate of ASP growth now.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. When I look at our total sales based on the amount of business that we put on our branded cart, it was down a little bit really due to two things. I think I mentioned on the first quarter call we were also taking the opportunity to assess how our in-store financing programs are working. We had our 18-month no-interest financing going on for a long period of time. We’ve rotated some of that activity to other promotional offers during the quarter to drive the business differently. So we saw the predicted decline in financial services from that. We also saw a little bit of a decline versus the previous quarter from our approval rates of new private label contracts based on underwriting changes we made with HSBC last quarter. So I anticipate that actually as we tweak those approval rates based on what we actually see consumers doing now, we will be able to make some progress on improving approval rates. And as we look at the back half of the year, we are obviously evaluating what role financial services and financing offers will play in our overall promotional mix during the holiday season.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes, Matt, it’s Jim. Why don’t I give you a few pieces on that? First off, to be really candid, there is nothing that we saw in the quarter that caused us to change our plans from the original plans we had at the beginning of the year. So these were actions that we purposely have planned all along, and it really was a combination of what you just mentioned. I think Mike Mohan took you through, we knew as we looked at the market in the appliance space that we weren’t as market competitive as we wanted to be. And we wanted to make sure based on the opportunity that we see in that industry and our relatively small share that we stay competitive with that offering. I think in the television space, as we got back into good in-stock positions, we actually had better product availability and could actually go out and build the share consistent with our plans for the year. So it’s not like we pulled a new lever in the quarter based on what we saw in Q1. It was really the plans we had set out early in the year to lead in the areas that our customers expect us to lead to, but also areas that we know that we can provide bundled solutions on complex sales that will serve our model going forward. Given the significant availability of new customers in the marketplace with Circuit’s demise, we wanted to make sure that those customers had a first hand opportunity to experience what Best Buy is like now so that we could build that path for them for the future. It is a rare opportunity to be able to build the type of share that we have with a major competitor leaving, and we wanted to make sure that we put certainly our best foot forward.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. So you’re right, the mix was fairly comparable Q1 to Q2. On the gross margin side, and we talked about this on the Q1 call, we were able to – given our inventory position, we actually got better in-stock positions on some product lines like cameras where we had, we think, fresher inventory in the marketplace versus competition. That allowed us to garner some additional margin in Q1. We also – quite candidly, we were out of smaller screen sizes in televisions. So what we had left to sell from a mix standpoint, we probably under-indexed in sales, but we over-indexed in margin rate in the category just based on what we had available to sell. Those were a couple of the key things. The other key thing that was a rather significant impact quarter-over-quarter is the rate we saw on our mobile phone business decline pretty dramatically as a result of mixing more into iPhone handset sales in Q2. That phenomenon wasn’t there in Q1.
Brian Dunn: This is Brian. Appreciate the question. I think one of the things we sorted [ph] as we peeled back the onion on Circuit City’s departure from the marketplace, Circuit City was not the driver of price. I would not describe Circuit City as a price leader in the environment. We get this question a lot. What Circuit City has done, their departure has created an opportunity for customer acquisition, as I mentioned in my comments on the call. What’s really important for us is, one, being there on price is table stakes. We have to be there and be competitive on price and we will be. Where we are going to win this game is where we connect price with the great service offerings we have and connect that and power that by our employees. And that really is where over time we will take this share and we will build loyalty with it in a sustaining profitable outcome for our employees, shareholders and our customers.
Brian Dunn: I want to be very pragmatic here. It’s a very competitive environment that we are playing in and that we are competing in. And the framework for us – strategic framework for us is we are going to be there in place and it is what our people bring to it and our service offerings and all the things we can do for the customer beyond just the price on any one given box. So I think those things together are what give confidence about the economics for us.
Brian Dunn: This is Brian. Thank you, Wendy. I think the notion that people are going to choose one device, one on-ramp toward [ph] connectivity is an erroneous assumption. And I think Wendy’s point that the netbook is a companion device to smart phone, to notebook computing is very important to sort of understand what this means.
Brian Dunn: Mitch, to the question about our market share gains accelerating as we get into the holiday season, it has been our experience that our customers would have over the course of the first half of the year vote with their wallets, and that really pays huge dividend to us in the back half of the year as they are deciding sort of right now where they are going to be spending the bulk of their holiday dollars. That’s my hypothesis anyway as we look at it. I also want to touch briefly on – add to what Jim was talking about a little bit. We are thrilled with the velocity we saw in those on-ramp items in this quarter. We are thrilled about the velocity we saw with flat screen televisions, notebooks, netbooks, the mobility items connected with smart phones. The truth of the matter is our baskets trailed that just a little bit as that velocity – we are thrilled with it, but it caught us a little bit by surprise. So we are thrilled that customers are choosing us and we are sort of moving – having to work [ph] here on the back end to catch up on that basket and to get the right labor and the right people matched up with customers when they are in that store. That’s absolutely part of the margin story here.
Brian Dunn: Okay, Dan, thanks. So I’m going to ask Mike Mohan to comment on the appliances. But I’m happy to give you my overview on entertainment. We have a number of streams of work going around digital entertainment and what does the digital connectivity mean to entertainment to our customers. And it’s showing up in a couple of places. We have two pilots or three pilots in Canada. We have a number of pilots in CPW in London with our Wireless World stores. And you will see two pilots from us yet this fiscal year as we go to sort of test and try and learn our way through what is the best way to present these digitally connected services, these digital entertainment solutions, these digital productivity solutions to our customers. And over time, you will see the center of our store evolve to a manifestation of that, and you can count on us updating you as we learn more from those tests. As far as appliances go, and I’m going to turn it to Mike in just a second, Jim mentioned just a moment ago, appliance continues to be an important category for us. And appliance has certainly been a category that has felt this economic storm pretty directly. And we are learning some things about our appliance business and the sensitivity to some of our offerings that actually has us quite optimistic about what we are going to be able to do to grow our share in that place. And Mike, maybe you can add just a little bit of color to how we are thinking about appliances.
Brian Dunn: Mike just mentioned correctly that the connected home is real. Our hypothesis is that the connected life is very real, and that’s really what we are in services up here.
Brian Dunn: Thanks for the question, Greg. I think we will ask Shari Ballard and perhaps Barry Judge to comment on this.
Brian Dunn: Yes. I think that – here is the core element for us. And our success has been built year-over-year on this. As velocity grows, we add in the appropriate amount of labor to help us sort of maximize that opportunity for the customer in the moment. And as I called out, we were a bit surprised, actually thrilled, pleasantly surprised, with the velocity we saw in these key core categories. So Shari and the team are adding appropriate amounts of labor to help us sort of create the end-to-end experience, which results in more solutions and bundles for us in the store. Maybe, Shari, you can add a little color to that.
Brian Dunn: And you can expect us to and hold us to the notion that we are going to be very efficient and effective in how we deploy those dollars. Thanks for the question.
Brian Dunn: This is Brian. I’d be happy to. I think that it’s one of the wonderful things about the portfolio of goods and services that we offer. And you’re right; we have been through a very explosive growth cycle in flat screen television. And there are some really interesting things coming there. But I think this – our industry, we have seen peaks and valleys through all the 24 years that I’ve been here. And the wonderful thing about us having this broad array of products is there is always something new on the horizon, a new opportunity, new product offering for us. And I think that while the deflationary nature of the products we sell, those life cycles, it’s inarguable, are shorter. The customers’ appetite for what they can do with this technology, their appetite for connecting this technology and putting it in service of their lives serves us and our position in the marketplace, I think, very, very well, because I don’t think there is anyone close to the position we have in terms of putting it entirely together end-to-end for our customers.Joe Feldman – Telsey Advisory Group: Thanks, that’s helpful. Thank you, guys. Good luck with the quarter.
Mike Mohan: Thank you very much for the question. Regarding mix shift, couple of things we saw in the quarter, one that’s a little bit of an anomaly but it’s a real issue with the US market. With the digital television transition, we saw a small flip in smaller screen size televisions at the beginning of the quarter, which was consistent with some of the behaviors we saw preceding the digital TV transition, not knowing what the US consumer was going to do. Other than that, the performance of the category has been consistent with the prior few calls where we still see consumers trading up in technology. They are very interested in either thinner televisions or connected television sets, and it's validated by most advanced products in our assortment we have the largest market share of. So if you look at the TV performance at Best Buy in general, we over index in the better quality or more fully featured sets, and then we complement that with a very robust offering of exclusive brands. So if you were to take a kind of summary point of view on this, we feel we are very competitive versus any channel trade with our exclusive brands product providing value and then we are delivering the best experience we can in the latest technology.
Mike Mohan: We don’t disclose that in particular. The exciting part is with advanced products, whether they be thin televisions or connected televisions, it gives us a great opportunity to engage with a solution with our customers, and that’s what we are focused on the most.
Mike Mohan: Great. Thanks, Brian. Dan, to your question, I think the simplest way to put it is it’s a multi-billion dollar industry in the United States that we under-index, and we’ve been very public with that. And it’s a secular challenge because the market has been in decline. So as you look for the housing market to rebound, which we are optimistic it will do sometime in the forthcoming quarters, Best Buy is really positioned well to actually start gaining some share in that space and we’ve started by just being more market competitive versus some of the incumbent players. And if you roll that tape forward to where the opportunity plays itself for Best Buy, the connected home is real and it will show itself up in the place where US consumers start caring about energy consumption and environmental issues in the first place. We believe that’s going to actually (inaudible) appliance category. So from a positioning standpoint, we actually couldn’t be better off. We just have to go through a couple of soft years to get to the state, but it’s an exciting time to be in the appliance category right now.
