Corie Barry: Yes, Kate. That has been a trend that we’ve been seeing. And one of the things we’ve actually talked about, because the other kind of flavor on this question is, how do you think about the difference in profitability between the various channels and how is that evolving over time. And, we’ve talked a lot about, in our business, what we actually see as less difference between the profitability in the channels always with the caveat that things like this exactly make it very hard for us to pull the channels apart. But, this is part of the reason that the overall profitability of our online channel in particular has continued to improve over time. And it’s a combination of both experiences on the site, but also ways in which the customer’s choosing to come pick up their own merchandise versus necessarily wanting to shift straight to their home in every instance. So, this is definitely part of when we talk about the lesser difference between the profitability of our channels. This is a big part of what has helped us create a more robust online profitability profile.
Corie Barry: I would just add one more financial clarifier, so that it doesn’t send unintended messages. We are very excited about working with the team. We do still expect the impact to be -- of the acquisition to be neutral on a 12-month basis. But you heard me call out a couple impacts here in Q3 and Q4. Those are more about the early part of the business. One, we have some revised opening balance sheet assumptions, which can happen anytime you have an acquisition like this. And then, two, we're accelerating some of the customer acquisition costs which is what I'm going to call a high test problem, meaning we believe some of the things we can do together, means we can acquire more customer here early in our life together, and that obviously pays dividend overtime as that customer is on their plan and is a customer with us hopefully for life. So, I just want to make sure people understand that's not that that business is performing differently than we thought, it's just a bit of how it timed out amongst the quarters.
Corie Barry: Yes, absolutely. So, let me just try first part, I'm trying to make sure that I'm clear. Of 23% increase that we saw in inventory, about call it 16%, 17% of that was just due to the shift of the calendar weeks. So, literally, once you line up the calendar weeks to how much difference it makes, because you bring so much inventory in each week here. So, literally if I just line up the calendar weeks, that leads a 7% overall increase in inventory, first of all not that out of line with the sales happening [ph] out of the quarter. And then second of all, yes we have clearly made some proactive decisions. There has been more activity in especially the ports and some of the deconsolidation areas, both due to a lot of companies bringing more in due to tariffs but also even just some of the typhoons have caused some weather delays and things being more lumpy and spotty. And so, I give our inventory demand planning teams a ton of credit for working really hard to make sure that we were well prepared in phasing that inventory in early so that you would absolutely have it. I mean, one of that largest NPS drivers that we've had, continues to be inventory availability. And we felt like it is really important for us to have the stuff that people want as we bring it in. You can see it's all basically new and fresh given the corresponding increase in the payables balance as well.
Corie Barry: Joe, specific to your question around -- just so I make sure we hit it on the competitive environment. I mean, I think the earlier, earlier start to the season is definitely phenomenon that we’ve been seeing over the last few years; it’s something we have taken into account in our own competitive positioning and in our own promotional cadences is reflected in as best we could, guidance that we give you for Q4. And so, we always talk about how this -- the holiday continues to change, it continues to shape differently, and we continue to have a team that does this -- an amazing amount of work to make sure we feel really prepared to compete as that holiday season continues to evolve.
Corie Barry: We've been pretty consistent on our real estate positioning, which is we're lucky and that we get to see a number of leases every year, right now we're seeing about 130 leases per year. We're looking at all of those stores, and not just the stores, but importantly also the markets to try to understand how do we very best serve the consumers in those markets. And we continue to make sure we're making the best decisions for every market and therefore refining down the market positioning. But, I don't think you're going to see any massive speed up, you're not going to see a change in the overall positioning. You're just going to see us continue to make sure that we feel like the footprint by market reflects the needs of the consumers in that market.
Corie Barry: Yes. There’s a few different suites of investments that are what I’m going to call a little bit more ongoing in nature. And when we talked about it at Investor Day, we talked about it in both a larger slots of investments and pressures. And so, as you think about things like our ongoing investment in people, that come from both very specialized areas, like a smart home experience in our stores, or an in-home advisor experience. It’s also come broadly from our investment in wages and in benefits and in the list of things that Hubert talked about that are important to our employees. That is a suite of investments that is ongoing, and we believe -- and that’s why we talked about in terms of our longer range plan, that’s going to continue to be a space where we invest. A second major area of ongoing investment is going to be what I will call our technology capabilities, or those tools that will help our associates and help our customers have better experiences, things like we talked about CRM, knowledge management, those are longer term builds, and we’re going to continue to refine those and make those tools better and easier to use over time including the investments in the digital experiences that Hubert did a really nice job f outlining in his prepared remarks. And then three, we specifically said we were making a major investment in our supply chain infrastructure. And we were again very clear that that was going to be a multi-year journey for us as we worked on both the space required to facilitate our larger product, as well as the efficacy required to deliver at-speed on our smaller products. And that again is going to be a longer term journey for us. So, it’s part of the reason we teed all of those up at Investor Day and said these are going to be the longer term investments and pressures and part of the reason we have remained so committed the cost reduction side of things as well.
Corie Barry: Now, there is always room to some bigger TVs. One of the -- we definitely saw a bit of moderation in the TV industry compared to what we saw in Q2. I’d call a little bit more like what we saw in Q1. So, it slowed a bit. Good news is, units continued to be up at a pretty good clip; and what you would alluded to, ASPs down a bit. The nice part is we continue to see people mix into, specifically to your question, larger TVs. And we get really caught up in 4K and the technologies, but genuinely what people want is a larger great TV experience in their home. And we continue to see excitement around that which kind of props up this concept that this is in one of those cycles that automatically falls off the cliff. It is more -- this idea that we keep providing new and different ways for customers to get bigger TVs with better technologies. And so, yes, it moderated a bit from the last quarter, but it's clearly going to be a hot item heading into the holidays and we feel very well prepared.
Corie Barry: So, for right now, what we're focused on is finishing out this year and making sure that we deliver on the commitments that we made for this year. We're absolutely going to update everyone as we get to the end of the fiscal year here on what we think our mid-term outlook looks out and how it should be updated. What I said on the call, and what we alluded to this idea of continuing to make sure we invest in the business in a way that we feel like it's going to set us up for future success remains our focus. And then, we'll help you through the future financial implications of that, once we get through the rest of this fiscal year.
Hubert Joly: Yes. We’ve -- as you know -- thank you for the congratulations to my two colleagues and sharing the excitement. We've had a longstanding relationship with Amazon -- with Amazon and Apple, of course. We’ve built over the years a very unique experience setting Apple pricing. Apple would say that Best Buy provides the best retail experience for their products and services outside of their own home. As you know, we have 900 Apple stores within our stores and they do a great job of showcasing the products and services. We have 3,000 Apple ecosystem experts in our stores that includes AppleMasters and sales consultants and agents and Apple employees. And the online experience we've built over the years, it's been years since we've been doing this, is -- from a service standpoint, I think we are the largest third-party [site] [ph] of Apple Care and the largest third-party authorized service provider for Apple products. So, our focus as a company has always been on the customer and building a unique customer experience. I think, the announcement pretending to Amazon -- Amazon has always been selling Apple products including first-party for the laptops and what not. Our understanding is that they will reduce massively the number of third-party sellers. And of course, they'll start selling the phones or the watch, themselves, but it’s unclear at this point what the net effect is going to be. And our focus on continuing to enhance the customer experience work with our vendor partners, Apple is a key one on continue to innovate and make sure we have a competitive advantage in the marketplace. So, I think that the zero to 3% is probably -- it's in line with what we had said a quarter ago. I know, there’s been a lot of noise in the media about a lot of things, but we’re sticking to our perspective on Q4 and we’re ready to serve every customer including you guys on the phone.
Hubert Joly: So, Simeon, you said, build the mobile business -- fortress around the mobile business. Can you elaborate on your question a little bit, because we’re not in the fortress building business? So, tell me more about your question.
Hubert Joly: There is such an amazing set of exciting products for the holiday. And that's one of the things that I'm excited about this category which is continued slow innovation. And what's great about this holiday is that the -- there is excitement across many, many different categories. So, gaming is going to be particularly hot. There is a number of great titles, the Nintendo, Super Smash Bros; Red Dead Redemption 2 and Call of Duty, Black Ops 4 TVs, I think continue to be a big item, people moving to larger screen and smart TVs. And of course we have a partnership with Amazon there with the Insignia and Toshiba 4K USB Fire TV additions. But broadly speaking, a lot of excitement around TVs, streaming devices, voice assistance with screen. So, screen is going to be a big item. If you bought a voice assistant last year, here is a good news; you can buy a new one with a screen. And I have a few on my kitchen table, lot of functionalities there. New phones, there has been a number of great new phones that have been launched health, both Fitbit and Apple. Appliances, lots of excitement, small appliances, great gifting items across mixers, pressure cookers, I don’t cook, but I’ve heard, right, [ph] major appliances. There is a lot of -- this is a more promotional time of the year for appliances than I think ever before -- and then security doorbells. So, there is a lot of excitement for people to come to our stores or shop online with us or again, we’ll come to you. So, that’s one of the reasons why we’re excited about this holiday, of course there is the general consumer confidence, but there’s a lot of reasons. And we can take care of your entire list. So, just one trip and you’re done.
Hubert Joly: The other thing from equity story standpoint is that this discussion -- kind of a discussion around product cycles and specific categories and so forth. The way increasingly we look at it, and of course next year, we'll have opportunities to update you guys around targets and what not. But, the way we look at is in aggregate the different product categories we sell while within the portfolio there is cycles, as a whole it's a pretty stable basket of things that customers buy. And there is always innovation; you never know what's going to come to your genre, [ph] but there is always that. The growth opportunity for us is not driven specifically by a particular product launch; it's driven by the opportunity to stand a relationship with the customers. A key fact that I always go back to is that there our share of wallet of existing customers is 26%. And as we continue to build the customer experience and the ability to build relationship with customers, the growth opportunities from expanding this share of wallet, and imagine - this is not in updated forecast, but imagine the impact of growing to from a quarter to a third. And that’s the opportunity, that’s the obsession we have, and that goes through really understanding the customer needs, knowing the customer, bringing solutions, hardware services, and then being a part of their life. So, that’s why in home advisor plays a key role; that’s why Total Tech Support as a way to be in people’s lives on an ongoing basis; that’s getting into the house space gives us these opportunities. So, what’s very exciting, if you look back at the last year or two is we’ve now demonstrated the ability to grow the Company and comp ourselves. And the growth opportunity looking ahead is driven by this expansion of the customer relationship. It’s going to take time, but it’s a very, very exciting.
Hubert Joly: So, I think that we’re obviously excited about the fact that we've been able to demonstrate this very positive trend. As Corie said, we'll provide an update on our Q4 earnings call. And to the point of product cycles versus customer relationship, our main theme -- the big long-term opportunity for us is the expansion of the relationship with customers. We've demonstrated at Investor Day that the volatility in the sectors is actually much lower than people think. We like of course the environment in which we’ve been operating this year and we’ll provide the updates on the Q4 call, but very excited about the future for our business. So, with this, maybe I’d like to wrap. I know, this is an incredibly busy day for all of you. We were not apparently the only retailer reporting today, to say the least. So, thank you so much for your attention. I want to say one word because I’m sure many of those friends and family in California that are impacted by the fire, so our heart is with the population in both Northern and Southern California. We wish all of you a very safe and very happy holiday. And I know one way to increase your happiness, which is to focus your list with us. So, look forward to seeing you in our stores or online. Thank you so much for your attention and look forward to catching up with you in three months. Thank you.
