Mike Vitelli: Two things I can add to that, Michael. One is that when you do the comparisons of one year to the last, there are always things in each of the years that are unique and different about them. So when you look at last year, we were down. Last year had in it some favorable things that didn’t reoccur, which is that we were lean on inventory. So we were lean on promotional goods while we finished the fourth quarter. And that was our explanation for last year, why last year was up. So that comparison is different. We also were selling profitable once in a lifetime converter boxes last year, which was also favorable. But I think, as Jim said, the biggest opportunity is we had material increases in units in televisions and in computing especially. And the opportunity for us, as you talk about going forward, is being able to create solutions and connections and content and services for those computers that are relevant and present them at a really impactful way and an easy way for our employees to present. And we know that that’s possible. We are working on this with the center of the stores. That’s why we are optimistic as we move into next year.
Mike Vitelli: I think they are all in the store. The challenge is they are invisible. The mobile broadband connection is invisible. CinemaNow and Napster are invisible. There is no place to see them. And what the center of the store is about is to put those literally and figuratively [ph] present center for our customers to see the art of the possible and what they are for them when they connect the computers, the phones and the televisions to the Internet via mobile broadband and the wireless broadband in their home. That’s really what it’s about. Most of the services are there. They just not present it in a compelling enough way for -- to be something the consumers say, Gee, I want that. And we want to make sure that that’s where it is. We’re going to make them see it and want that and then we can deliver it.
Mike Vitelli: So to amplify a little bit more of what we talked about earlier, connections, content and services are the three drivers -- the three big drivers of the profitability with all of the televisions, computers and cell phones that we sell. And we know and believe that we present those in a compelling way and show people what’s possible now with mobile broadband with Internet connected televisions and with the digital services that are growing every single day, and we will sell more of those and present them more impactfully [ph]. And that’s really where part of our margin plan is for next year.
Mike Vitelli: Since we started putting tests into the market presenting simple things like television connections to high-definition cable and satellite services and showing mobile broadband more impactfully in the computer department and in the cell phone. We’ve seen improvements that have been pretty substantial albeit small in the fourth quarter. As we rolled that out more aggressively across the entire chain, that’s where we are confident about the improvement. And it takes a small improvement to create a large impact on margins in those areas. One of the things you might think about, Matt, is the number of televisions we sell each year and they have been traditionally -- that has been a low attachment category for us for connected services. This year, as we grow into as IPTV becomes not just new and exciting, but becomes the norm on models, it creates an opportunity for us to create a much broader array of experiences for people on their televisions and that’s very good space for us.
Mike Vitelli: That’s right. There will be competition as it is extremely hard work and the thrill that we have, our own employees doing that work, which is really great (inaudible) whole team that executes it. We have capacity and capability to do it. We are improving our customer satisfaction, the work that we do (inaudible) the home every day. So we are confident -- and to your other point, yes, we were not naïve to what the pressure might do to the margins in Singapore.
Brian Dunn: Michael, I would add one -- Michael, this is Brian. I would add one other thing and I think it’s really important to call this out. I mentioned on the call that we had moved to a new operating model in the stores. We are now entering our first full year end-to-end where we will have that model. And I would remind you that our history is really about getting a concept, growing share, and then building out solutions for our customers. And as that engine of our 140,000 or 150,000 store employees really a chance to become more experienced in sharp -- in building solutions for our customers, we tend to gain good momentum quickly in that second year.
Brian Dunn: Yes. Good morning. This is Brian. I think that we will call on Mike and Shari, the leaders of that business to give a little commentary there.
Brian Dunn: And over the course of that year, Dan, this is Brian, I would add that we now have another year of data and we continue to see the same trend that we saw initially as we rolled these and that is that these sales, the vast majority of them, the vast majority of the sales in the connections are incremental. As we put these stores into these malls around the country, they are not having any sort of material cannibalization on the big stores that are adjacent to. We are accessing a new group of customers that were particularly scoring with women -- female customers in those places. And that is very, very encouraging to us.
Brian Dunn: Yes. I think over time we’re going to depend on the content, but we could actually see sales per square foot. And more importantly, what I ask you to focus on as we go forward is really margin per square foot.
Brian Dunn: Because once again, the profitability of that business is based on the margins that we drive. The margin per square foot will be much higher.
Brian Dunn: This is Brian. The question was the status of the connectivity center or the connected world with --
Brian Dunn: And I’d also just call out that we are not sort of sitting in our heels and waiting for these all to come to fruition into this perfect (inaudible) above on it. We are taking what we’re learning, and we’re deploying it every day. And part of what you see in our confidence in our margin expansion plans for this year and our operating income expansion for this year is based on things we’ve learned and are going to be able to deploy around the world.
Brian Dunn: Okay. Great, thanks for the questions. In the first one, what we are seeing is the customers and the employees are excited about what they are seeing. And we think that’s great because it’s going to continue to bring excitement for the store, which is what we try to do for our customers all the time. I think as the momentum builds and the quantity of the units sold, that will bring some confidence and excitement into the content production community. So we feel good about it though it’s in its early stages and anything like this that comes out as its growth curve -- but it is bringing excitement. So we’re pleased with what we see. Your point about the interoperability of 3D glasses, we feel strongly about that representing the customer’s point of view. We would like a common set of glasses that we could use on TVs. All the manufacturers agree that’s a very good goal and they each have specific points with their individual benefits with the technologies that you’re using. So they will keep pushing at that point as we believe it’s correct and right to the long-term and confident that (inaudible).
Brian Dunn: And then the evidence today is movie theaters, many of them announced increasing prices for 3D -- 3D attendance, which reinforced with the consumer interest in it, which then reinforces the opportunity for the televisions. So I think we are pleased at the moment.
Brian Dunn: Good morning.Kate McShane – Citi Investment Research: Some of the non-traditional retailers as consumer electronics, even in the traditional resource, they are competition, doing more on the service side. What is the risk that some of your competition gets more aggressive on service over the next 12 months while you do, and that it could put pressure on the price of e-charge for the service and its margins. And it has been incorporated in your guidance.
Brian Dunn: I’ll turn it over things to Mike for some context. But first, let me just frame it a little bit and tell you, we etc that there will be competition in that space. We welcome the competition in the space. We think our Geek Squad and the women and men, the 20,000 agents we have across the world are in a position to do more for our consumers and consumers around the world than any other unit. This is hard business. This is heavy lifting to get into, and we have the team that we are very, very proud of. And we think that it actually positively calls attention to the capacity we have as more people stuck into it.
Brian Dunn: And as we do in any kind of competitive environment, we will be very knowledgeable about what our competition is doing, but we will be extremely focused on what it is we are doing to deepen our relationship, to deepen our connection with our customers. And we will focus on learning more about our customers and doing more from that [ph].
Brian Dunn: The long and the short of it is, we actually see that we have a much smaller share in a much bigger, broader world. And we are very enthusiastic about that.
Jim Muehlbauer: The phase-in certainly over the last two years has been very interesting given the macroeconomic environment, number one, and certainly how we’ve been driving parts of our business, number two. If you look at the operating margin and the pressure that our margin saw in the back half of this year, Matt, given the mix of sales that we’ve seen, we’re just going to be up against some easier compares in the gross margin line in the back half of the year. We’re going to up against more difficult compares in the back half of the year from a sales standpoint. All in, like I said, I expect that our operating margins are going to expand both in the first and second half, but we’re going to see more of that in the back half of the year.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes, Dan, it’s Jim. We won’t get into the specific details of each of the concepts for -- I think for obvious proprietary reasons at this point in time. But if I helicopter up and look at where the business had options to grow in the previous five years, really we were limited by what we initially saw in the domestic market by focusing on 45K and 30K boxes. And over time, through the launching of 20K boxes in the domestic business and working with the team over really a period of two, 2.5 years to refine the operating model in those boxes, we’ve gotten to the point within our domestic business where our 20K boxes, 30K boxes and 45K boxes, all delivered very similar returns on invested capital over their life. So if we look at the smaller footprint boxes going forward, in many respects, we see an opportunity to drive return to much greater than that for a couple of key reasons. Obviously, the cost of those boxes is much less given the square footage, but the devices and the connections that are going to be made within those boxes, especially today in the Best Buy Mobile business and in the wireless world business we have in the UK, they are very margin rich sales that set both in computing connections, mobile phone connections, and where we see the world going from an overall connected world standpoint. So we are confident that we have a model that does a couple of things. A, allows Best Buy’s strength in kind of to frame the different options for the customers (inaudible) for choice, to show up in places where customers are looking for those goods, in malls with high traffic area where that makes sense, and allowing them to get the same experience in the connected world suite of products that they would get within a big box store.
Jim Muehlbauer: Yes. I’d be happy to, Mitch. As we think about that, I provided the historical context on purpose. And that is, we look at the cash flow abilities of the business to both allow us to invest in where we are going to go for the future so to keep the machine moving for the long-term, but also using opportunities to overall improve our return on invested capital. We’ve shown the tendency in the past, obviously do both. Matter of fact, as I mentioned over -- we got over $5 billion in share repurchases alone over the last five years. So as we move on a track forward over the next several years, growing our top line, expanding margins, we know we are going to have cash flow available to enhance returns for shareholders by repurchasing our shares. The timing and the windows of that will be determined in the future specifically. But certainly it’s a great opportunity for us. It’s what we see going ahead to create value for our shareholders.
Jim Muehlbauer: What we purposely have tried to do, Mitch, is I think Matt identified this -- certainly appropriate to his question is, we specifically want not only our shareholders but our employees to focus on what we are doing in our operating model. That is the future of the company and making the transformation with the connected world and growing our operating margins and growing our top-line for the long-term are the most critical points. What we wanted -- what we don’t want to lose focus on is that this is not a won-and-done return to shareholder story and then we move on to a chapter that looks different. We’re going to grow the operating earnings of the business where we are focused on driving ROIC over the long-term. Share repurchase will be a component of that over the long-term. And we are very fortunate that for our shareholders and our business model that we’re going to have the capacity to do both.
