Corie Barry: So the purpose of the changes we're making is, first and foremost, to meet a changing customer. And that's why my -- I led even in my remarks around the measurement of our customer experiences and how across the board in Q4, we have actually continued to see improvement in NPS and the measurement of those experiences. The primary goal, of course, is to create customer experiences that people love. And when they want to come to the store, to meet their needs in the moment, sometimes -- and this is part of what's changed. Sometimes that is I want very rapid fulfillment of my product. I want to pick up in store and have the confidence of grabbing that product.  Sometimes that is, "I want a deeper, more immersive experience." And what we're learning our way through it is part of why we've done piloting and testing, and we're taking a long time to make changes, or what sometimes we get feedback seems like a long time to make changes is because we want to give this enough room to breathe, to make sure we feel like we're not eroding the customer experience. It's why we are investing more in our frontline associates, who are the ones who are right there meeting the customer in the moment.   And so our priority is not just the cost side. Our priority is actually what does the experience of the future need to look like so that we meet the customer expectations, and we hold ourselves very accountable to the measurement of those experiences.   On the membership side -- and we talked about it a little bit in the prepared remarks, what we're trying to figure out is the balance between acquisition of members but also retention of members. And what are those experiences, again, that really keep customers sticky? I mean the whole point of a great membership program is that you remain relevant to your customer base. And now -- I mean it's only been a year. And again, we have relatively low frequency with our customers. And so we're just getting data around what is it that keeps someone frequently enacting with Best Buy. And so it's changes to TotalTech but I think you heard us also mention in there, we see the opportunity potentially for another tier that might be a little bit more value-oriented, might be a little bit more convenience-oriented, but might have broader appeal.   And so I think what we're trying to do is, that's why we also brought my Best Buy into the conversation, we're looking across the entire gamut of what we think we can provide our customers and see the opportunity for a tiered approach all the way from free where you get free shipping, which is really resonating, all the way up to a very comprehensive membership program like TotalTech where you get everything around support. So the goal here, Mike, at the end of the day is to deliver the best possible customer experiences that are important in a new world where a customer is shopping differently. 
Corie Barry: On the membership side, let me make sure I clarify the numbers. We have about 100 million My Best Buy members, of which 40 million to 45 million are active. On the TotalTech side, we currently have 5.8 million members. That's compared to 4.6 million we had last year. So those are kind of the 2 pools of membership that we're talking about. And we haven't given the percent of sales of those members, but you can imagine, it's a fairly high percent of sales between those 2 membership pools.   I think we see a lot of opportunity to continue to engage with those members. As you can imagine, with a My Best Buy program that large, we know a lot about those customers. And we are able to tailor to those customers. We know even more about our TotalTech members, of course. And I think we see a future where we're able to tailor more direct opportunities, sales opportunities with them. We also can see potentially that if we look at a tiered approach, there's a whole another tranche of customers who might be interested in doing more with us and having a longer relationship with us.   And now as we're heading during the second year of TotalTech, we're learning a lot. We think we're going to drive more engagement through a more personalized approach. We're working on our onboarding process for new members so they really understand what's available to them. And we're leveraging some of our existing vehicles so that people understand everything that we do from consultations, all the way through services, all the way through trade-in and some of the other offers. And then, of course, this speeds into some of our Best Buy Ads model, where we can tailor our advertising to specific audiences based on what we know about them. So this pool of customers is really vital to us, and I think we are continuing to improve the way we engage with them, and also drive their engagement back with us. 
Corie Barry: We haven't given renewals, and we're not going to. And as you can imagine -- I mean they've been relatively in line with our expectations. You can imagine, there are some places where we see much better engagement and renewals and people who engage in things like support or who value the warranty side of TotalTech as an example, they are very, very interested in renewing. And so I think that's -- when we talk about tailoring the program for the future, we're looking for those customers who find value in some of the more unique aspects of the program and stick with the program because they see the value in that. 
Corie Barry: Yes. I think you started with what makes the conversation a little bit difficult, which is the incredibly varied indicator that are out there with the consumer right now, right? Everything from historically strong job markets, spending continues specifically on services even more so than goods. Inflation might be slowing, but it still is sustainably high.  And it's high in some of the basics like food, fuel and lodging, right? And when the basics are where that sustainable inflation is, it does mean the customer is going to make trade-off decisions. And I think we've used the same language now for probably 3 quarters. You've got an uneven and unsettled consumer who, from a confidence perspective looking forward, is still not confident about the future. And so I think what we are trying to position ourselves for is the best possible value for that consumer when they're ready in the moment. And I feel like in Q4, I think we've played that very well.  Our pricing was very competitive. Our price perception was very competitive. And so you can see in spot as there is a better deal to be had, you can see the consumer reacting. But no matter what, it's against this overlay of a consumer who's going to make trade-off decisions based on their own budget and their own life. 
Corie Barry: Yes. This is an interesting space for us because obviously, our vendor partners they want to succeed as well. And so when we think about things like promotionality, the question we got earlier around elasticity, these are great partnership discussions that we can have with our vendors as we think about how best to stimulate the market. And I said it a couple of times, but it bears repeating, our vendors are highly incented to continue to innovate on their products and to create the new products for the future. I mean obviously, no one's going to sit on their laurels and wait for the customers to come back. People are constantly trying to innovate in a way that will drive demand. And we are really the best place to highlight particularly that new innovation. And so the vendor partnerships have continued to evolve over time with that as the backdrop.  I think we often talk about the physical experiences with our vendors, and that remains important. Our partners continue to invest in our existing stores. And I think you can see some really beautiful vendor experiences in the 35,000 square foot remodels that we're doing as well as even some of the smaller stores that we're testing, where you have just a different take on vendor experience. So there still is this real investment and interest in how a vendor shows up in a physical experience.  But on top of that, there are so many new spaces where we're developing some different and unique partnerships. We have developed some interesting partnerships around our membership offerings. We have developed really interesting partnerships with Best Buy Ads and how they think about the access to the hundreds of millions of customers that we have that we know very well, and they can target very directly. We have deep services partnerships in many cases, we're an Apple authorized repair facility, and we're building out that services infrastructure with other partners.  And then to your point, we're starting to see some real opportunity in supply chain and fulfillment. We have a program that's called Partner Plus. We currently have 6 partners on it. Samsung is one of those where you can actually order online at Samsung and have it fulfilled in our stores. And I think there are so many spaces, especially in an industry where like we said 40% of what we sell online is picked up in store. So there is this like intricate want and need on our customer base to physically have access to that product, and we can partner pretty uniquely with some of our vendors to help provide that experience for them. And we can see a lot of opportunity for that into our future. 
Corie Barry: Well, we're not going to give the precise numbers, but directionally how you're thinking about it is essentially what we're seeing. And I just want to make sure I underscore 1 more time on the ASP side of things structurally versus calendar 2019 or fiscal 2020, you've really got 2 big things happening. And that is the mix and the category mix is quite different. Larger percent of our revenue now coming from appliances and large TVs. And also second, within our categories, the mix in the premium products has increased. And I think those 2 actually reflect some of the strengths of our model, our ability to really tailor those more premium experiences, our ability to deliver and install that large cube. I think it's -- sometimes it gets a little lost in some of the other inflation conversation. That's not what's happening here. What's happening here is, structurally, we're making what I think are some really positive changes within the business model. 
Corie Barry: Yes. So what's been interesting here, and we said it in the prepared remarks, I mean our average hourly wage is up 25% versus 2019. We were one of the first to move our wages up in August of 2020 to $15 minimum almost 3 years ago. And so we've been making continuous investments in our workforce over the last 3 years. And what we're seeing, and we watch it incredibly closely, our turnover rates are really low compared to industry averages, and they're generally very similar year-over-year. And we -- I mean we've talked about it before. We might not be exactly a prepandemic, but we're still in the like mid-30% turnover range overall. And so that is exactly what we watch to make sure we're trying to strike the right balance here.  We are continuing to invest -- and it's not just wages, it's also hundreds of millions of dollars in benefits over the last 3-year period as well. And of course, we're going to keep monitoring that on a market level basis, but we remain laser-focused on making sure that as we adjust the operating model, we are reinvesting into those employees that we have. And I think, for some of the key roles like our general managers, our turnover is in the mid-single digits, and we tapped before about some of the tenure that we see in our [ peak  ] slot agents or within some of our consultants. So we are very carefully monitoring constantly both the balance of pay and benefits and, frankly, some of the work-life balance and flexibility that our employees are demanding, and we continue to see it reflected, I would argue, in industry-leading turnover numbers. 
Corie Barry: Model is always evolving, and there are always new and interesting and different ways to take cost out. I would use -- 1 of the things that we've been talking more about lately is outlets. That is a unique and differentiated customer experience. And we're pulling different customers in who are finding great values and we see a recovery rate. We've said this before, that's 2x what we would see if we were selling that sideways or selling it outside our own channel. Cost reduction is not always about expense reduction.  It is often about finding flaws in the experience and then making opportunity kind of out of those flaws. Many of our cost reduction efforts actually have ended up and, I would argue, better employee and customer experiences. If you take some of the TV damage work that we've done over time, nobody wants to bring home a damaged TV, and there's a huge amount of cost in that for us. And so I think what we are trying to do is continuously assess our model. And then given some of the advancements we're seeing, there continues to be opportunity. We see opportunity ahead in how we run our call centers as an example. And that's a space where we've been able to pull cost out and have better customer NPS and experiences.  So this isn't -- I think sometimes it's a zero-sum kind of game that people play in their heads with cost reduction. But I think what the team is doing is really creatively finding kind of flaws in our system. And because it's always evolving, there's always something that we're learning from and evolving. So I'm really proud of the work that the team has done, and I think we continue to have opportunity. And with that, yes, you bet. I'd love to thank you all so much for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our results and progress during our next call in May. Thank you and have a great day. 
Matthew Bilunas: Thank you, Michael. As you said, our guide prudently assumes that inflation persists and the consumers are going -- be continued to make trade-offs around their spend. And so at a high end, the comps progressively improved throughout the year. And like I said, we will exit the year more on the flat to slightly possibly growing as the pressures in the CE industry kind of abate as we progress through the year. So maybe not perfectly linear, but we do expect that at the high end, the sales performance would progressively improve.   At the low end of the guide, we're clearly modeling a more sustained pressure on the CE industry as customers feel the longer effects of the macro pressures of inflation that continue to shift some spend to the activities in travel. So that's kind of the 2 ends of our expectations for next year. But again, at the high end, we do expect our sales and the industry itself to improve as the year progresses, which is consistent actually with what -- some external benchmarking you would look at between NPD and CTA, which would also expect some level of improvement. 
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. I'll start and then Corie can jump in too. I think the comparison you're talking about is this year compared to FY '20 -- or calendar 2019, if you think about our business -- for me the biggest change from this past year to 2019 is within gross margin in the 2 very big factors that have lower gross margin since that time are: one, supply chain costs that are much higher. Part of that is the online mix that has grown, and the other part of that would be supply chain inflation that hopefully, we would see abate over time.  The second biggest impact to gross margin has been our rollout of the membership offering, which, during the quarters last year, when we weren't fully lapped, it was almost 100 basis points of pressure compared on a year-over-year basis. So those are the biggest impacts compared to that 2019 period, which was gross margin... SG&A was -- rate was rather similar to 2019. And so what you do have there is you have savings compared to store labor being down. And then you have offsetting that a bit is the investments we've been making in technology and depreciation coming through from higher capital. 
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. Just to recap, in Q4, we did see product margin rates lower in Q4, driven by on a year-over-year basis of more promotionality. What we did see compared to expectations is actually a little less pressure from promotionality even though we were expecting it to be more promotional year-over-year. As we look into next year, our guide reflects, I think, it's -- one of my comments in prepared remarks was the combination of product margin rates, [ city ] profit share and supply chain, we're going to be pretty neutral to the whole year. That doesn't mean that in some quarters, it might be a little better, a little worse. But for the most part, next year, we're assuming that it's a fairly neutral impact of [ a broad ] promotionality, not that some quarters might also be more promotional from a pricing perspective, the impact of that promotionality might not actually manifest in the financial pressure. 
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. I think generally speaking, when you look at 2023, with a minus 3% to minus 6% range, most categories are going to still feel pressure as you look at the year. Most generally would also see a progressive improvement as the year -- at the high end of our range as well. Categories are -- would be very different spots if you think about the last few years. If I think about computing, computing is still a much bigger category compared to where it was prepandemic. It's still seeing more pressure -- compared to the total, just because of the demand it's seen over the last number of years.  Appliances, again, also a very big category, growing quite a bit over the last number of years as well, seeing a bit of pressure as we start to rightsize some of that spend, but also just as it relates to the housing market being a little pressure, which -- this is a category that does have some impact from that, although a great deal of -- it is still a direct purchase. There is a housing impact. So those -- TVs we would expect actually potentially for that to be a place where we could outperform the company average as we look into this coming year. We -- in Q4, we did see a little bit of ASP pressure. As you look into next year, we believe that potentially could see some opportunity as you get into future quarters. And so those are some of the bigger trends.  The last one I probably mentioned is mobile phones. It had a sales decline in Q4, which is pretty similar to the company average. And if you compare it to prepandemic, a much smaller category as people are holding on to their phones quite a bit longer than they used to. But as you look into the year against continued improvement generally across a lot of the categories. The one area we have been seeing strength is gaming. We mentioned gaming and tablets as being a growing category in Q4. We are seeing more availability of gaming consoles, which is helping to sales trends. And so potentially an area where we see some more positive as we move into this next year. But again, a lot of that is dependent upon overall all demand as it's getting longer in its launch and availability aspect. 
Matthew Bilunas: I think as we go through this coming year, there could be some -- when we start the year, there could be some ASP pressure year-over-year, but not to the extent that we compare it to FY '20, obviously. We believe that will remain elevated. And as you get into the latter part of this year, we'll have to see, but it's probably a bit of growth coming from the industry improving, which means demand is improving, which means it's probably a combination of units improving and potentially, give or take, some ASP increase. Again, we're not guiding it, but we probably see both as you -- our expectation is at the high end is that the industry would continue to grow and demand would come back, which would actually drive more units. 
Matthew Bilunas: Yes. TotalTech has become majority of that number as it's -- as we launched that membership program, it's replacing more of the stand-alone services sales that we would have had in the stand-alone warranty sales that we would have had. So we've seen it shift into being a TotalTech more based number. There is still stand-alone services and stand-alone warranty sales, but it's shifted to TotalTech. 
