Hubert Joly: Good morning, Anthony. Thank you for your comments. So we are seeing sustained growth now over many, many quarters in our appliance business. This is driven by, number one, the markets. The housing recovery continues to be strong and you're seeing the customers equip their new house or replace their old appliances. That's a very positive factor. And then second, investments in the appliance sector continue to be very strong. The deployment of the Pacific Kitchen & Home stores-within-a-store, in particular, is helping us drive better customer experience and market share, in particular, not only in the extreme high-end but also in the better and best part of the market, which is where a lot of the interesting action is. We're also investing in the customer experience from an appliance delivery and installation standpoint. So these are very fundamental and sustained improvements. Now, Anthony, this may fluctuate a little bit quarter-after-quarter, but we do expect continued traction, including given the competitive environments that I won't elaborate on, but we expect to continue to see positive performance in that segment.
Hubert Joly: Yes, Chris. The price drops that every one of us, as a consumer can track, are very material. And so the prices at which one can buy a 4K TV now very, very exciting. We expect that this will continue in the second half. As we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, these TVs are becoming very affordable. And, of course, the innovation and the material change in picture quality is very helpful. So we expect the market to continue to do well in large TVs and 4K TVs. And, of course, the second factor, a bit like in appliances, the way we merchandise and the customer experience in our stores, with investments we've made together with some of our key partners, with Samsung, with Sony, with LG, and the Magnolia Design Centers allow us to really perform particularly well in that market. So we see a number of very strong drivers of performance getting into the back half of the year. Now, of course, as we get into the start of the cycle, as you would expect, the margins are not going to continue at the same level, so, factor this in, but it's a very powerful cycle.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. I was just going to say the outlook that we've provided today on back-to-school in the quarter incorporates what we've seen so far, right, as you would expect. And so the projection reflects what has been happening since the beginning of the quarter. So I think we've made some positive comments on the overall back-to-school in our Q3 in general. So that's reflected.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. Good morning, Kate. Let me say one thing about Q4. Because we are the leader in the category and because any comments I would make today are highly sensitive from a competitive standpoint, you're going to find us relatively shy in terms of making comments that could be used against us, if I can put it this way. What we have said in our prepared remarks is that we believe there are powerful trends from a demand standpoint around appliances, around TVs, around health and fitness and wearables and around connected home. The other thing I would say, more broadly speaking, not specific to Q4 from a competitive standpoint, if we step back a little bit and I could have included that in my remarks about the last three years, it feels – I don't know whether all of you will agree with that, but that the competitive landscape has, indeed, changed a little bit in the last three years. There's a number of players, who have decided to de-emphasize or, in some cases, exit their category. And so that's an important factor. It's true that it's a tough category. So here you go. The other thing that has changed in the last three years, that is actually very notable, is the fact that today 89% of the U.S. population lives within states, where one of our online competitor, headquartered in Seattle, now collects the sales tax. And so three years ago, it was less than 50%. It was probably around 40%. So that's a very material change over a period of three years. So, altogether, from a strategic standpoint, we see these growth drivers, and I would add, based on your question that the competitive landscape has changed somewhat in the last three years.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. Thank you, Kate. Marketing, we've not commented on marketing on this call. We've commented on marketing on every one of our previous call. We've had a very material transformation of our marketing efforts in the last three years, with the headline being, of course, more personalized. We went from analog and mass communication to much more targeted, relevant, personalized and digital communications. So as it relates to the shops-within-the-shop, one of the things, of course, is that there's not one of each in every store. So, as an example, we have the ability to target the messages in a relevant fashion, or we have the ability to target previous users of a particular brand and communicate the news and excitement about new product introductions. More broadly speaking, I am very excited about these how these partnerships with our key vendors have evolved. It's more than just about the physical layout in the stores. These are very close partnerships. These leading tech companies invest billions of dollars in R&D. They have some very exciting new products, of course, regularly coming to market. And the collaboration that Best Buy has with some of these, of the foremost companies on the planet in the tech sector, is very inspiring. That includes from a merchandising standpoint, that's from a marketing standpoint and now also from a services standpoint. And so, yes, it's an entire collaboration. And I think we can attribute some of our performance to this more targeted, more relevant communications, customer database Athena has been now busy at work. Athena is a very busy company over the last one or two years. And we had always said it would be a gradual implementation and exploitation. And I think we're getting better and better at this.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. I mean, David, in general, we're very pleased with the way the Canadian strategy is being implemented. Our team – this was heavy lifting consolidating two brands into one, closing 66 doors, converting 65 stores and then investing in the customer experience. So, so far, things are really progressing very nicely. The reason we don't give specific numbers, again, in part, for competitive reasons; two, it's early days; and three, as all of you know, North of the border, the economy, which is highly dependent on raw materials and the oil sector in particular has been impacted. The exchange rate is down, which is, of course, increasing the prices of consumer electronics product, which is slowing down demand. So today, the better-than-expected retention is somewhat offset, of course, by the weakness of the Canadian economy. I think we'll be able to assess with reliability the final results once we're through the conversion and once we've upgraded the customer experience. But altogether, it was obviously the right thing to do. And it's progressing quite nicely in a somewhat challenged Canadian economy.
Hubert Joly: Because it really varies by vendor base. We have such a variety of vendors. In some cases, we actually work very much upstream, including in terms of product design and the choice of feature functionalities, and then this co-designing, the customer experience and in the marketing. In some cases, it's more about the merchandising and the marketing. So there's a whole range, but it's – in general, what I would highlight is that it is – it happens earlier on. It's more strategic, it's more integrated and it's working. That would be the summary. Now to our conference we would need to schedule separately.
Hubert Joly: So your question is, does the launch of an iconic product generate traffic to the stores? The answer is yes. And increasingly, again, that's one of the things we're working on with our key vendors is to make it more dramatic and more unique and more differentiated vis-à-vis any of the other retailers. So I would say yes to that question. As it relates to your second question is, does the Apple Watch momentum compared to the phone – that would be too much detail, I think, at this point. I think I would say we're very excited by, again, the early momentum of Apple Watch in our stores, which, obviously, a triggered decision that we've made with Apple to have an accelerated and expanded rollout. So we think that's a very exciting news. It's also reflective of how these partnerships, the strength of these partnerships lead to more opportunities.
Hubert Joly: So there's two components. Athena is really our customer database, which allows us to have this greater personalization and more relevant, more targeted communication. So I think that we'll benefit from that during holiday. I think what you've seen these last couple of quarters is very indicative of our capabilities. And we'll continue to incrementally improve that in the coming quarters. As it relates to the second part of your question, which is the promotional discipline, this is an area we have invested in. I think if I step back over the last three years, we've had several phases. One is we established a price match policy. Two, we have invested significantly in our price competitiveness, starting with hardware and then accessories. You've heard me talk this morning about services. We have previewed that in previous quarter, but with the launch of Geek Squad Protect & Support Plus that's another step forward. And then, the other dimension we're talking about, which we had talked about last year, is the promotional discipline. We're applying more science and more tools to this area to make sure that the return on the promotional dollars is getting better and better. So we're continuing to see improved progress in this area. And we'll continue to deploy this as we move forward. We are a very data and science-driven management team here on matters like that.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. And, Mike, what I would say amplifying what Sharon just said, you'll find us increasingly prudent about releasing product category detailed information, because we are only focused on technology, because it's natural to ask these questions. And we're very focused on transparency, but we are also thoughtful about the help it provides to our competitors. So, hopefully, you'll understand when we feel that too much information can hurt us as a company, and therefore, can hurt our investors' trade secrets, we think, are valuable to our investors as well.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. Thank you for your question. There's multiple facets in your question. So let's start with the online components. Which we report online sales and it's an important part of our business, but we believe that online and mobile are a much bigger part of the business than just the online sales, because it's really front door to the store. This is where we all notice. This is where the customers start the research. So we are excited about the growth of online. We are excited about the increased traffic and the increased conversion rate. I think the improvements that have been made on the site and in the app over the last three years are just extraordinary. Now we have a long way to go, but I'm very proud now of where we are. Still continued progress to be made in the checkout, in the customer experience, significant improvement from a supply chain standpoint, it's been transformative. The speed at which we're shipping now, in particular, enabled by ship-from-store, that's been a phenomenal transformation. Now the customers may start the journey online, they often go to the stores. Now, we've always believed that as a result of these trends in consumer behavior, the store experience need to be so much better, right? Because when the customer gets to the store, she has done a lot of research and she's much more educated than maybe a few years ago. And so it's maybe that in some cases we see fewer trips to the store, because so much time has been spent before the store. And so the focus in the store is on the customer experience. So first physically and together with these vendors, we've invested significantly in the physical experience in the stores, and candidly, it is so helpful. You cannot use your senses online to see the difference in picture quality of the TV or the sound quality of a headphone. You really have to go to the store. And then, of course, there's the blue shirts. Our associates are such a formidable weapon for us. And I hope we're doing a good job this morning on thanking them on the call for their amazing performance in the entire leadership in retail. I think your question refers, in particular, to the comments we've made about the increased proficiency that we've made – that the associates have in the stores, even though we've taken $1 billion of cost out, we've actually increased the amount of customer-facing labor, and we've increased the product knowledge, the engagement and the overall sales proficiency. So we've talked about it as IST, individual sales productivity, individual sales tracking. This program has continued to be deployed. And we can measure the improvements as a particular area of focus. Our store leadership is focused on what they call – what we call value-add, which is the difference between the comps in the stores and the traffic. So it's really focused on what they control in the stores. And we're seeing continued progress from that standpoint. I'm incredibly proud of what we're seeing in the stores. Now there's more to come. I think that I'd be lying to you, if I was going to tell you that we are consistently excellent. We have a number of stores, a number of associates that still have progress to make. But it's the combination of this better in-store performance and the excellent merchandising, the supply chain, the marketing, the service components, really the integration of all these capabilities that is resulting in these better-than-expected and better period results. So continued progress on all of these fronts.
Hubert Joly: Well, thank you so much. In closing, I'll just repeat this. Very proud of the results. We're excited about our prospects and opportunities. Very grateful for the work of our team and continue to be very grateful for your support, as we continue to unfold our story. So we look forward to seeing you first in our stores or online, we'll be there for you, and then on our next call. So thank you very much. Have a great day. Thank you.
Sharon L. McCollam: And, Anthony, in addition to that, I'll just add one supply chain driver of this as well. We made a significant change in how we source inventories through our distribution network in the U.S., which unlocked a substantial amount of inventory for both our online business and for our individual stores in market. And that is also a driver of this and that will, too, continue as we move forward.
Sharon L. McCollam: But, Chris, we also last year – that may have been a discussion from other retailers, but that was not a dialog that we had in our conference call last year.
Sharon L. McCollam: We didn't release anything last year, Simeon, (43:00) around the traffic, but, obviously, we had substantial traffic associated because, as you'll recall, one of our big callouts in our revenue in Q3 was related to the iPhone 6. But it was actually from a revenue point of view and from a units point of view, if you recall, it was very much about the revenue, and not the units. So when you think about that, because it's higher dollars. So I would say that it was certainly a traffic driver and we are thrilled to have a new traffic driver this year, something very iconic. I think we can all agree the Apple Watch is certainly iconic and having it in all 1,000 stores by the end of September is a big deal for us.
Sharon L. McCollam: And, Simeon, (45:33) going into holiday, though, and Q3 as well, with Athena, Athena is gradually and incrementally getting better and smarter every quarter. We have made substantial investments every single quarter. When you look at these growth investments that we have been making, a significant number of those have been directly in our ability to use Athena and the database. We've also brought in additional talent into the company in that area; some very sophisticated talent. And that, of course, is advancing us. So when we go into holiday this year, we are definitely going to have a more robust experience for our customers coming out of the efforts that we put forward with Athena.
Sharon L. McCollam: Yes. So first, the 49 stores that you might be thinking of, actually, were closed prior to us joining the company. So the first point that you made was actually just prior to Hubert joining, so just to round set on that fact. Since then, what we are doing, we do have a significant amount of our leases expiring. It's a substantial number and our strategy has not changed. As we are looking at each lease, we will rationalize as we think is appropriate. Last year, we closed five stores. And this year, we'll walk into the year and we will be assessing the leases and determining what that would look like. But there is no announcement to be made. We consistently have said that targeting a store count, we're targeting rationalization of our footprint, particularly, in our multi-store markets, and to the extent that we have redundancy or stores that we feel should not be in the network long-term. Of course, we'll close those. We're not reluctant to close them. But, right now, as we've talked about consistently, we do not have – look at these numbers – we do not have a list of stores that we have negative cash flows, or significant issues with. So, that's the great news. We don't have a story to tell about our portfolio that is not performing.
Sharon L. McCollam: Yes. That's right. We do list them in order of magnitude. So that's all the information, because, again, some of this is pretty competitive. But we definitely list them in order. And I think you've got one that was quantified below it. So it's more than that.
Sharon L. McCollam: And I'll just add that last year, we talked about the investments that we were going to be making in IST, because our systems and our HR management tools were not set up to manage IST. We've been making progress on that. The stores are able to much more easily see performance individuals, and our stores are being able to see their actual performance and be able to be coached and to be able to work on improving that performance. And we believe, without a question, that the efforts that we have seen related to this in-store are absolutely driving these positive comps. So the implementation of IST last year, if you just go back and look at when we first started talking about IST and you look at the outcomes that we have been seeing in the retail stores, because, remember, that the retail stores delivered significantly positive comps this quarter. So we definitely believe that there is a correlation there and we are optimistic that we will continue to see longer-term improvements, as Hubert described, the proficiency that we're trying to build through this program.
Sharon L. McCollam: No, not at – I mean, obviously, in the first quarter, we did repurchase about $321 million worth of shares. When we launched the program last quarter, I believe, we said we were going to do $1 billion over three years. There's no doubt that we are going to achieve that quicker just based on what we did in the second quarter. And we will continue to be there to support our stock. So I don't think anything's changed from our lens around maintaining a strong balance sheet. The performance clearly justifies us accelerating against that $1 billion, which you've already seen us do. So that's how we're going to – that's the best answer I can give you at this point.
