Corie Barry: Thanks so much, Jason. Obviously, you are the expert. Back to our second key takeaway. We have built a unique ecosystem of customer-centric assets, delivering experiences that no one else can. Consumer electronics is a distinctive industry. The products are constantly evolving. They’re connected to networks that are constantly evolving. They all use different operating systems, and they range from small and powerful to large and breakable, often at high price points. And customers are more comfortable using tech than they have ever been yet. They also admit it’s likely not doing all it could to make their lives better. Against that backdrop, we have built a unique ecosystem of assets that all work together to create a stickier and more valuable relationship with the customer. And we’re investing in this ecosystem as we pivot against a backdrop of even higher customer expectations. We’ll provide more depth on a number of these assets through the rest of the presentation. So, anchoring this ecosystem is our expert advice and service. Customers are excited about tech and want to be confident in their purchase. We provide that in ways literally no one else can, from our expertly curated assortment to in-home consultations, all the way to tech support when your tech isn’t working the way you want or trade in the recycling when you want to upgrade. And then building on that strength, our Totaltech membership ties these experiences together and provides unique benefits that customers value and no one else can provide. We then combine those unique experiences with our strength in omnichannel retailing, industry-leading and seamless shopping experiences and services across all channels, including in-home, in-store, digitally, remotely and virtually. And finally, all these interactions provide us rich data and insights across customer experiences to create personalized technology solution tailored to the customer-specific technology and needs. And all this data fuels our business, like Best Buy Ads, matching our partners’ marketing to the most appropriate audiences based on our first-party data. When this ecosystem works together, it provides a unique experience tailored to the customer. It also reaches beyond our consumers into business partners, suppliers and other strategic relationships that leverage our capabilities. Whether it’s our consultative services highlighted on partners’ websites or vendors leveraging our in-store pickup to fulfill from their websites, others value our capabilities. So, let me add some color around the first part of the ecosystem. As I said, customers are excited about tech and want to be confident with their purchase, particularly when it’s part of their daily life at home. So, instead of me trying to describe all the parts and pieces to you, I think this video does an excellent job bringing to life the unique ways we provide expert advice and services, seamlessly across all our touch points. [Audio/Video Presentation]
Corie Barry: Thank you so much, Matt. Extraordinary ecosystems have formed over the pass 20, 30, 40 years as digital has transformed every aspect of how we all do business. That same transformation is happening our homes, meaningfully accelerated in the last two years. And while we started as a music retailer, selling fun to have products, we’re now the only company built around the same extraordinary transformation of technology in our lives and in our homes. While others sell some of the same products we do, we alone offered the complete technology solution across manufacturers and operating systems. We are the only company in all channels and at scale that can do everything from design your personalized hardware and software solution in home, to install and connect all of it, to keep it working when there are any issues from unreliable networks to broken screens. These assets appeal not only to our customers but they are also unique and investable for our marketing partners, technology vendors, small business and education relationships and other strategic connections. As we look to the future, we see technology as a permanent and growing need in the home, constantly evolving as the world’s largest companies innovate with new use cases around the metaverse, transportation, green electricity and health, just to name a few. We have a unique value creation opportunity into the future and are investing now as we’ve successfully invested ahead of change in our past to ensure we pivot to meet the needs of our customers and retain our exclusive position in our industry. We are excited to help customers enrich lives through technology in ways no one else can. And with we will break for 10 minutes before beginning our Q&A session. [Break]
Corie Barry: Welcome back. We are excited to begin the Q&A portion of our event, which we expect to run approximately 45 minutes. But before we do, I want to take this opportunity to introduce and welcome Mark Irvin, our new Chief Supply Chain Officer. Many of you spent time with Rob Bass and may know that he recently announced that he is stepping away from a life in retail to pursue some other passions, as we have been discussing for quite some time. We are so excited for him and thank him for his incredible work on our supply chain transformation. That incredible work extended to his ability to bring in top tier talent. One example of that is Mark Irvin, who came to Best Buy in 2013, specifically to work with and learn from Rob. Mark has been an instrumental part of the team that has led our supply chain transformation and is ready to use his lifetime of knowledge in the space to continue to advance our industry-leading supply chain efforts. We are thrilled to have Mark Irvin taking over the reins in supply chain. And we’ve invited him to join us for Q&A. So, operator, we are now ready for our first question.
Corie Barry: Yes, I’ll start and maybe Matt can add some color. I think that what we’re looking at is, as you said, a little bit of a step back in the next year as we lap some of the stimulus. But, I think, there is a number of factors and we outlined some of them in the prepared remarks that we believe will continue to boost the inventory as we head to the other side of next year. So, some of the things that we cited, first of all, you have this real phenomenon where technology is all over our homes, and we are very dependent on that technology and this nesting factor being in our homes is a very sticky behavior. And that’s because secondarily, a lot of what we’re doing is leveraging tech and people are saying they expect to continue to do that, things like streaming or learning or obviously, all of us probably in some way, shape or form, hybrid working. Those are really -- gaming is another great example. Those are really sticky behaviors that we continue to expect to see over time. And not only that, now you’ve got 2 times as many connected devices in the home as you had two years ago. So, you have this proliferation of devices. And because the innovation cycles are continuing to ramp, we’re also seeing in most of our key categories that replacement cycle already start to shorten. We could literally see it in the last two years in our customers that replacement cycle is shortening. And so, while we think there’s a bit of a step back next year, all of this massive interest in the industry, the new ways that people are using technology, the innovations that are happening in spaces like metaverse or some of the things that Jason talked about in his prepared remarks, all of those, we believe, start to create that ramp as we get on the other side of a little bit step back in the next year.
Corie Barry: Yes. I’ll start maybe and then Matt can talk a little bit about the EBIT. On the renewal, we haven’t come out with renewal rates. The good news is they continue to be in line with our expectations. So, we’re happy with what we’re seeing from a renewal perspective, but we do want to give that a bit of time. I think to your second question around the period of time that we’re using. First, we’ve been overt in saying it is a short period of time. We just rolled this out in October, but we wanted to at least give some color on what we’re seeing. Second, while you’re right, this is a unique period of time, we’re comparing it against a control group in the same period of time. So all of the behaviors that we comparing -- because what we’re looking at in that 20% lift is a lift in people who purchased and are using Totaltech versus those who would not or had not purchased it. And so, you’ve got a comparative group there. So, both behaviors in theory should be different. But still, it’s holiday, like we’ve said, it’s a short period of time. We wanted to give the initial color, and then we’ll keep watching that as we go through the next year, obviously.
Corie Barry: Karen, I just want to underscore, it is incredibly difficult for us to separate the performance of the stores from digital performance from what Matt was alluding to virtual and call. And if you think about Q4 alone, 65%ish of what we sold online was either picked up in stores. That was about 45%, or shipped from a store. That was about 20%. And so, when you have that amount of crossover, literally -- I mean, it’s the best example of like true omnichannel behaviors with our customers. Piecing those things apart is incredibly difficult. Understand, what we’re trying to do, to Matt’s point, is really build in effectiveness and efficiency across those. So, you create those real frictionless experiences for customers. You have both the convenience, but you also have that amazing experience when they want it.
Corie Barry: Yes. I’ll start. I think that there are broad opportunities in the Best Buy Ads business. Obviously, we have what we would call audiences or kind of suites of customers and information about those customers that’s certainly very valuable to our vendors, which is where we over-index right now but can be more valuable broadly to other partners who might be looking for potential consumers who have the kind of same look and feel as our consumer base. And so, while we start kind of near in with those who really understand this unique customer that we have and the unique knowledge we have with that customer, everything from service interactions to purchase interactions to how they decide to use the approximately, all of these are important behavioral points that are important, not just to our vendors, but ultimately, probably to a wider swath of partners. I don’t know if you want to hit on how the financials.
Corie Barry: And Anthony, I think the other part of your question was around the inventory levels that we saw in Q4. And we haven’t sized it specifically, but I think it’s fair to say we would have been healthy in our range, had we not had some of those very targeted -- and again, I want to be clear. They’re very targeted inventory constraints that were just a bit larger than we thought. And I think we expect to see some of those continue into, especially the first half of next year and again in a more targeted way. But our overall inventory situation, I think that’s some of what you’re seeing in the promotional environment, our overall inventory situation is very healthy. I mean, they are year up 6%, 15% versus two years ago. So, it’s just these pockets where we’ve seen more demand, so that’s good, but a little bit more constrained than we were expecting.
Corie Barry: Michael, I think you have stacked -- and you actually nailed and laid out a lot of them. But you have this kind of stacked quantity of things that both have happened and that we’re investing in. I mean, we have tremendously more scale than we had just two years ago with $8 billion added to the top line. And obviously, that -- majority all coming through are digital experiences. So, we’ve navigated a massive change in the composition of our business. Under that, we’ve also created material efficiency and effectiveness because I think it’s really important to note, we also noted in prepared remarks, in Q4, we saw some of our best NPS results, particularly on the in-store side of things, our teams are doing incredible work garnering skills. 80% of our associates have more than one skill, which allows us to move this labor really flexibly and allows really interesting career paths. So, you’ve got scale, you’ve got a really efficient and effective model that now has moved through this changing dynamic. And then, we’re layering on top distinct initiatives that we have expectations around return. Totaltech being one, the ads business being another, the health business that we’re investing in for our future, the store experience side of things, all of these. We are using behavioral history that we’re seeing in our customers to help us predict how we think this model looks in the future. And I would just underscore what Matt said, I give the team a great deal of credit for choosing to double down on these investments now because we do think this is what unlocks exponential growth for us as we head into the future.
Corie Barry: Maybe I’ll start with a little bit of context, and then I’ll ask Deborah to come in since she came in partway through the journey. I think it’s maybe not as much about what -- maybe what didn’t perform as well. I think it’s what we’re learning about a consumer that has changed a great deal, particularly in the last two years. So, some of those early hypotheses we had around health moving into the home, around people wanting to age in their homes with technology, I think those hypotheses were actually exponentially sped up over the last couple of years. And, we started to see some new use cases around virtual care in particular. So, I think, we felt like we were pointed in the right direction even three, four years ago. It’s just that the consumer behaviors have really changed in the last two years, having gone through the pandemic. And now we’re refining our focus a bit so that we really target where the industry is going. Maybe Deborah, you could add some color.
Corie Barry: And Peter, to your question about services, this is so interesting. Because what we’re seeing is this really high level of interest and yet confusion around what it is and what I do. I just read a survey that said that 70% of consumers age 65 and older want to try VR experiences, but aren’t even sure exactly where to start. And so, sometimes this is consulting services in the home. But sometimes this is as simple as having that wide array of products from all of the vendors and just being willing to help people kind of dabble into, whether it’s metaverse or 5G, which becomes really relevant as we’re talking about getting out of our homes actually, and being on the go and being able to game and work and learn on the go. So, I think for us, this is long continuum, all the way from coming to the store and we can just help you understand what this is, all the way to, now I have twice as many conducted devices in my home. I want to learn how to leverage a 5G network and maybe get off Wi-Fi. How do I do all of that? And I think over time that -- again, from our unique point of view, that’s where we can be helpful to the consumer.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, if you go back to two, three -- two years ago, 2019, we talked about specifically these customer relationship events. And at the time, if you recall, we underscored things like using the app and having the app. We underscored at that point, Total Tech Support, which we’ve now evolved into Totaltech obviously. We underscored customers who shop in multiple categories. They were like specific events that people who use our financial services. There were specific events that we were looking at that we said, when customers interact with us in this way, we tend to keep them in our ecosystem; they tend to spend more; they tend to be those more loyal customers. You can imagine, over the last two years, the good news is we have seen some acceleration in those type of events. We’ve seen more app downloads. We’re seeing a 72% increase in people using the app when they’re in our stores, great. That’s a great data point. We’re seeing to what Matt just said, more people take up the Totaltech offering than we were seeing in total tech support, although that was still growing over the last couple of years. We’re seeing more -- we just saw a whole bunch of new customers, and we’re seeing those customers shop us in multiple categories. So, we’re seeing that grow. I think you can see in the presentation that we gave today, it is still very important for us to continue to drive those customer -- deep customer relationships. And we’re continuing to evolve how we see those interactions that are most important to those longer-term relationships and almost every strategy that we underscore today, whether it is what Damien talked about in terms of our more experiential stores, or whether it is Totaltech or whether it is a relationship with patient or someone we’re helping to provide help for, all of those are the types of relationships that keep customers stickier to the brand. And given we talked a little bit, our frequency is a little bit lower than you can imagine, someone who has grocery or someone who has consumables. And so, this idea of increasing the frequency, staying relevant in the selection is really important to us. And that’s, I think, what you can see all of the strategy is geared around those deeper and more prevalent customer relationships.
Corie Barry: The markets. So, when Matt was talking about the capital guides that we kind of gave, you could see some of that increase in capital. At some point, we’re assuming, and Damien talked specifically about the experiential stores, there probably will be some other store concepts that we may choose to roll. But, what I want to say is we’ve been very clear that the Charlotte market is a pilot, and we mean that. Sometimes people say pilot and then they fully know exactly everything they’re going to roll from there. It is a pilot. We are learning from it. And we assume that at some point, we will continue to roll pieces of that model. But, we’re not yet ready to say this is exactly the concepts, exactly how many and exactly in what markets.
Corie Barry: Thank you so much. And with that, we will actually wrap today’s investor event. And on behalf of our panelists and all of Best Buy, it has been our pleasure to share our progress with you, and we genuinely thank you for taking the time and all of your questions. Have a great rest of your day.
Deborah Di Sanzo: Thank you, Damien. Here is the ecosystem slide Corie and Damien shared, and it’s a perfect introduction to Best Buy Health as our work is an excellent example of the Best Buy ecosystem and flywheel. Today, I will share the strategy of health at Best Buy. But first, let’s see it come to life in this video. [Audio/Video Presentation]
Deborah Di Sanzo: Corie, I think you pretty much covered most of it. I think I would just say, in the active aging space, we -- people will continue to actively age in their home, live independently in their home. If you think about it, we target -- consumers are 65 years and older, and these consumers like -- actually, they like a physical store experience. So, that in the past couple of years, when our stores were closed, we couldn’t go in. We couldn’t see the phones. We couldn’t see the personal emergency response devices. We really saw that pick up, though, in Q4 of this year. So, we are very optimistic about that market. And I just want to emphasize what Corie said, again, really in the pandemic, consumers thoughts of digital health changed dramatically. In the health technology space for about a decade, people have been talking about the consumerization of healthcare, but the pandemic really brought the consumerization of health care. So, now consumers want to take care of themselves and their family in their home 365 days a year. They do it with technology, and they need help with that technology. And I think that with Best Buy enabling them to connect with their physician, helping them with their technology is really what’s driving our optimism in the market.
Deborah Di Sanzo: Scot, thank you. Thanks so much. I’ll take that. So, think about it this way. First of all, the health presentation that we presented today is a bit different than the strategy that you saw previously. So, this is really one strategic area, three focal points,, taking advantage of the rapid consumerization of healthcare, which did really not exist before two years ago. Second, we continue with active aging. People still do want to live healthy and happy and independently in their homes. And the third area of virtual care is also an era which essentially did not exist before the pandemic. Now hospitals want to have hospital home programs. They want to take care of helping people get better in their homes where they are surrounded by loved ones and feel comfortable. And so, hospitals all over the country are really putting in hospital at home programs, putting in chronic disease management programs. These are growth areas that did not exist before. Our focus before was in active aging. And as I said in my prior remarks, those are consumers 65 years and older and for our products, so the active aging products, they really appreciated a physical store experience. And so, when we had different hours in the last 21 months, when we had some store closures, it did impact the active aging business. But we see it now really -- we had a very strong Q4, and we see that continuing.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. And maybe just to adjust the overall impact to EBIT next year, we talked about the OI rate being at 5.4% and last year ended at 6%. That decline is mostly coming from our gross profit rate decline. And the majority of that gross profit rate decline has been -- is due to the Totaltech membership rollout. As you know, we launched the membership in Q3 -- at the end of Q3 last year, and we don’t cycle that until Q3 of next year, FY23. So, that majority of that gross profit decline is coming from the Totaltech launch, to give you a general size of the impact.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Yes. So essentially, you’re right that roughly, as we think about our path to FY25, FY23, we talked about it being down as the industry is assumed to be in the low single digits to mid single digits. As you move to FY25, that would assume a higher pace of growth in those couple of years, not necessarily being linear, but a little higher pace of growth than we have historically. What gives us confidence in the ability to do that is a lot of the initiatives that you heard today. So, we’ve outlined a number of things, Totaltech changes to our stores, expanding our assortment, growing into Best Buy Health. Those things give us confidence in being able to accelerate our sales as we look out past FY23. What’s assumed in that number as well is essentially, we would expect to still modestly gain share on a baseline of our business but then be able to accelerate our share growth with these initiatives that we talked about and then expand our markets with the items that Jason shared and also Best Buy Health as well.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. So, what we outlined was a minus 1 to minus 4 comp for FY23. We also talked about how the weight of that decline is in the first half of the year. So, you could assume that something maybe towards the bottom end of that range for -- or a little worse on first half of this year. So, you could imagine any number of outcomes as you look at the back half.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. I’m not sure I caught the entirety of the first part of that question. But, in terms of the store four-wall operating rate in the future. We would expect to continue to find efficiencies in our store operating. Damien outlined a number of things that we’re doing. It’s also important to know that the store is connected to the broadness of how our whole business works from an omnichannel perspective, whether it’s the store, our digital presence, our chat or virtual sales that we’re now engaging in. So, we’re always going to find ways to create efficiencies. Obviously, there are some levels of inflation in fixed costs within our stores that we’re always choosing to navigate, but we would expect that there’s still opportunities for us to continue to drive a better outcome on the store side from a profitability standpoint.
Matt Bilunas: Sure, I can start and then Corie can jump in, too. If I look just outward towards our FY25 goals, we talked about how we’ll always need to be price competitive in our business. So, that is fundamental to how our consumers want to interact with us and to the market. And so, we’ll always make the right decisions to be price competitive and create value for them. If I think about what happened this last quarter in terms of ASPs and units and transactions and thus last year, on a year-over-year basis, a lot of our growth and most of our growth is coming from ASP increases, which was coming from a couple of different avenues. So, premium mix is up. That’s the majority of our ASP increases. Secondly, we have some pricing increases from what we’ve been seeing from inflation, but the majority is that premium mix. Transactions and traffic were down in the quarter, as you would imagine from a sales -- the sales decline. But it’s important to note, too, if you look all the way back into our history, ASPs have been increasing year after year after year. There’s an interesting dynamic happening in our organics, which can distort the view of organics in total. We’ve been seeing actually unit and transaction growth and ASP growth in our higher ASP areas like computing and appliances and televisions. Where we’re seeing the unit declines and transaction is on the very low ASP items, things that have been shifting over to the digital mediums like gaming software or music or movies. And so, that’s what’s creating some of the dynamic on the units and transactions. So, we really like the fact that our units and our ASPs are growing in those areas where we can really create a better experience for our customers in totality. I think, you addressed next year. Next year, I think we don’t plan our business based on ASPs and units and transactions. We would continue to expect, though, that as our business shifts and we start -- you see our Totaltech offers and our better experiences start to take hold that our ASP and our premium mix would continue to grow and provide a better solution overall, but also be able to add in some of those lower ASP items as we continue to create a better experience holistically.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. The Best Buy Ads business, for now, it’s -- most of that’s coming through our current vendors. And when that’s the case, what it does, it actually drives margin rate is recorded as an offset to cost of sales. So overall, when you take that in addition to the SG&A required to drive it, it does create an OI rate positive experience for us, but it is more of a rate offset in margin. To the extent we drive more sales with people that aren’t our vendors and we go outside of our ecosystem, that actually would then show up into revenue in the future.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. I’ll start and maybe Jason can jump in after that. Compared to FY20, some of our categories actually did start to get close to or back to FY20 levels in Q4. So, there were places we saw more promotionality in Q4 on a year-over-year basis and as it relates back to ‘20 where things like computing, headphones and wearables and even TV started to get back to levels close to FY20. And so that’s where we’ve been seeing some of the more promotions in this last quarter. We actually saw computing start to be more promotional on a yearly basis back in Q3. So, that’s where we’re starting to see. And you’re right, as we look to FY23, we would expect more and more categories to start to return to more normal FY20 levels based on how inventory starts to flow. There are some still inventory things we’re watching in terms of the chipsets and some supply constraints. But as inventory starts to normalize and get into next year for more categories, we would expect more of them to return to levels closer to FY20.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. We did see some pressure from freight warehousing in Q4. It wasn’t as material as some of the other things we’ve talked about. So, we are seeing higher rates come through just the transportation and carrier mix of what we’re having to supply. It was offset a little bit by a parcel reduction. So overall, there was a little bit more pressure in Q4. As you think about next year, we are expecting to see freight warehousing continue to be a pressure as we continue to move through the year, not as material as some other things that we’ve laid out, but it would be something that we’re going to continue to navigate over the next number of quarters.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. I’ll take that from a couple of different angles, Michael. First, I’d say, over the last couple of years, this team you see on the camera, everyone in the building and the field have been doing amazing job just navigating and accelerating a number of the strategies to lift our business and improve the profitability over the last couple of years managing through the pandemic. There is certainly a number of things we’ve changed about our operating model that has allowed us to navigate very easily through store channel to an omnichannel to now a virtual channel and the chat situation. So, the team has done an amazing job just finding ways to efficiently operate this business, and that’s helping us drive profitability now and as we look forward. And we’ll continue to do that. As you look to the out years in terms of profitability, we have been -- we’ve been talking about investments in areas like health and technology. And now we’re talking about investing in our stores. All those things are intended to pay back, not just payback from a sales perspective, but also continue to improve from a rate and an operating dollar and an operating rate perspective as well. So, they are, as we’ve laid out in our materials, ways we’re going to help expand our rate from FY23 up to the range of 6.3% to 6.8% in FY25. We believe those initiatives will help generate more profit -- being more accretive over time. And at the same time, we’ll keep working hard to make -- create the efficiencies in our stores and navigate through the different channels very seamlessly. We’ll never stop trying to find those improvements. And this team has been hard at work doing that.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. Certainly, the ranges we gave from a revenue and OI perspective have those ranges on all the initiatives and various components of our plan. So, we would continue to strive for those targets that we gave for operating rate income, despite maybe coming at the bottom end of that scale. There’s obviously a range when come to the initiatives, but also just the work in our baseline or business to create efficiency. So, we would continue to target that even if it was towards the lower end. But obviously, we’re going to make the right decisions for the long term. So, we’ll always choose to invest as we need to along the way.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. So, we haven’t given the numbers for FY24. So, obviously, we’re giving us up a little bit of flexibility in how we get to the FY25 goals, not just in terms of the lines of P&L, but even the years as well. We would expect to see improvements each year, if you will, the general size is we haven’t actually sized for anyone, but we wouldn’t expect to see improvements as we progress in each of the years going forward.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. We didn’t size the -- expanding our assortment within the numbers. We gave some indication for some of the other areas that if you go from the mid-range of FY23 to FY25, that’s about $5 billion. Totaltech was $1.5 billion of that number, and that includes the cannibalization of the standalone services and offerings that we have. We also talked about how health is at $525 million today and that we’re going to grow at a high CAGR rate over the next number of years that would indicate that by FY25, it’s about $900 million of growth, too. So we’re breaking those parts out. What’s left is what we would expect to expand in our -- from our categories and our physical assets. So, we would expect those to provide some meaningful growth as well as the other items.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. So overall, for FY23, we’ve talked about how the majority of that step back is -- in operating rate is driven by the Totaltech launch that we did in FY22. And so, we cycle that at the end. And so, what’s essentially happening is the -- what used to be higher services gross profit rate is now being impacted by the launch of Totaltech, which is a much more complete offer. So, it includes product warranties, installation, things like that. So, the gross -- services gross profit rate is coming down, if you will. What we’re doing though is driving more members much faster than we did in our previous service membership and driving more product incremental sales. The standalone offer is actually profitable on its own but we’re navigating this period of time where we’re cycling a different services offer and also building and scaling the incremental sales of the offer itself. So all that takes some time, and we’re not necessarily pointed towards a gross profit rate or an SG&A rate. We’re looking at driving OI rate over time and OI rate dollars over time. And so, we haven’t given guidance over that period from FY25 because we’re obviously going to give our self a little bit of flexibility as we navigate a very new offer in Totaltech as we understand just the incrementality and the frequency, but also just the usage. So, we haven’t given those -- the breakouts of the different. We will also expect gross profit expansion in other areas, though. So, health has a very healthy gross profit rate. Best Buy Ads also has the ability to drive gross profit rates. There are things that help us mitigate what might come from a lower services gross profit rate in the future.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. We haven’t given the -- we’re not going to give the exact breakout by initiative. But all of them are contributing to that OI rate expansion from ‘23 to the targets we gave for FY25. There are a lot of moving parts. But each of them, the initiatives of health and Best Buy -- or Totaltech as well as Ads, those are all contributing to the growth in the operating income rate.
Matt Bilunas: Not necessarily. The growth in membership is indicative of the value of the offer, the interactions that they want to have with us. And so, we would see membership revenue grow, but also to the extent that members are growing, the incremental product sales that they would grow, would grow with that. So, it wouldn’t necessarily impact the pace at which we could actually drive profitability.
Matt Bilunas: Sorry for the confusion there. Yes, we would assume there are some revenue impact and profitability impact from the broad work on our store portfolio, namely the experiential store rollouts that we’re doing. And as we continue to look at the market approach, any other changes, we would include that into the revenue outcome as well.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. It’s increasingly difficult to look at two years and three-year stacks of growth rates. I think, the best guidance for us would be if you look at the next year’s guide of 1% to 4% and think about the first half versus back half. The first half is going to see a bigger weighted sales decline just based on the 37 comp we did in Q1 last year and then the 20 comp in Q2. How that works out exactly -- it won’t necessarily be even from a three-year perspective or a two-year perspective. But if you think about a first half, back half for next year is probably the easiest way. And then, think about the overall guide of 1% to 4% and how that -- where they may land in that order.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. We didn’t quantify it. What we said is we believe we would have been pretty safely in the range of our revenue performance in Q4 if we hadn’t had to reduce our store hours and if we had seen the level of inventory in certain products and categories that we were expecting. Some of that wouldn’t necessarily be lost because people find that people do come back to us after maybe an attempt that they couldn’t or if the product wasn’t available. So, it isn’t necessarily lost as you look into next year, but we do believe we would have been pretty safely in the range of revenue, had those two factors not happened.
