Michael Vitelli: This is Mike Vitelli. It's a great question. And I would say the biggest singular thing that we're doing right now and we began it in the second half of this year is dramatically expanding our Online Only assortment. These are the people that we're competing with that have very, very broad assortments. And what we're doing, rather than just figuring out how to expand the assortment in the store, is dramatically increasing the assortment online. For example, historically we would carry 100 televisions, I'm using that as an illustration, 100 televisions within the store. Now we'll have over 400 televisions online, of which 300 will be Online Only. And that allows us to be very aggressive in the Online Only pricing, because we have a similar operating model there to compete effectively in that channel.
Michael Vitelli: There's a variety of ways. Some of the SKUs we would own and we'd keep in the centralized warehouse. Others could be done through supplier direct for some that are handled either by the supplier themselves or distribution. So there's a variety of ways to do it. But to your point, it's a much lower inventory position. So a much higher return on inventory that way.
Michael Vitelli: The first part of your question, as you mentioned, our market share was sequentially improved from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. The declines we saw are consistent with what we saw in the third quarter. But for the year, in looking at it for the total of the year, last year our share was approximately 22%, again in the categories that we're measuring here, which it’s important to call out our [ph] missing the things that were growing the fastest in cellphones, services, tablets. These aren't in these track numbers yet. But our share this year was down about 100 basis points for the year. We were up 170 last year, so we're still on a sequencing trend positive over a multiyear basis. We have a very strong number one position in television, computing and digital imaging and television. Our share is higher than the next three competitors combined. So in those areas, we're going to really vigorously defend the share in those three positions. The biggest thing we're going to do to grow share is what I mentioned earlier, we have four categories for our shares that are in single digits. Gaming and software, we have probably a little over that, but we have massive area for improvement in mobile, appliances, tablets is just beginning. So these are all areas of -- that's where we see the growth coming from while we maintain and continue to grow a bit the really strong sales positions and share positions we have in the big three.
Michael Vitelli: If you're talking about TV specifically for a moment, the second half of last year was a different cost [ph] environment for the industry. Industry projections, therefore were relatively modest this year on an industry basis. One of the things we're doing in planning to grow our share in television is twofold. One is the industry is going to be focused on larger screen sizes, and we think that fits very well within our model, as Brian mentioned earlier, about large televisions being ordered online or in the store but being picked up in the store, because that's what people want to do with those televisions of that size versus shipping it. But equally important is what I mentioned earlier, is the rapid expansion of our Online Only assortment. That's going to allow us -- because we weren’t competing in those SKUs in prior periods.
Michael Vitelli: We're excited about the opportunity that tablets is presenting. I think from June on, there'll be a good range of competitors coming into market, and when choice then becomes more of a prevalent issue, our model can do well there. Our assortment breadth, both in the store and online, gives you an opportunity to touch and feel these products side-by-side. And as I mentioned earlier, customers can walk people through the different platforms, because that's becoming increasingly important of the ecosystem that the different tablet will have to live in, whether it's the Android platform, the IOS platform, the emerging webOS platform. That's going to be important for consumers to understand and see, and we think we’re going to be the best place to see all three of those live and in person.
Brian Dunn: This is Brian. The strategy mike just outlined, we believe allows us to be sharper on our online pricing and create the accurate price image of the sort of value Best Buy presents each and every day to our customers.
Brian Dunn: I'm going to turn it over to Jim in just a second, this is Brian. The frame we’ve used in or CapEx allocations this year, in the places where we have matured businesses where we are invested like our Big-Box business, our intention is to leverage those investments. It's also clearly our intent to deploy our capital and our human resource against growth areas, some of which you heard about this morning. I think maybe, Jim, you can give a little color on what some of those growth areas are.
Brian Dunn: And as I said in my remarks, these are proven profitable models that we're quite happy to invest in.
Brian Dunn: It really is -- the Buy Back Program, I think, stands as an excellent opportunity to highlight what will be the constant innovation that goes on within our model. We take what we learn from our customers and what we know what's happening in the industry and increasingly, customers are becoming accustomed to this notion of XYZ one this year. I’ve got two next year and on and on and on, and that rhythm has created great excitement for customers, also some anxiety about buying. And I think that Buy Back is just a great example of the continuing innovation around our model.
Brian Dunn: We are constantly assessing all parts of our business. We're looking to improve returns wherever we can. I think what's really important about our strategy is we are looking to increase distribution points and customer touch points. One of the things we like so well about the Best Buy Mobile model and why we're accelerating our growth there, because it gives us additional touch points while we're accessing new customers. And you're going to continue to see Shari and our real estate team work diligently to increase the touch points and to be as efficient as possible with our space  deployment.
Brian Dunn: Well, I think you're going to get both. We are in fact carrying the most relevant SKUs in the store but there are still -- we were, in a sense, calling down a 500-SKU assortment to put 100 SKUs in the store. Yes, they're the most relevant. The other 400 are selling. We just weren’t selling them, and now we're going to be able to aggressively do that.
Brian Dunn: I think there's a couple other quick points, this is Brian, that I think are important if you're considering this. One, the notion that, for our categories that we sell and represent better than anyone in the world that have to be experienced. Home Theater is one of those, and we don't see anything coming down the road that's going to change the very personal nature of people picking out the home theater componentry that makes the most sense for them. That's just sort of one example. And the second thing I'd ask everyone to consider, I think there's changes on the horizon potentially around taxation. And as those things play out, it's going to change the role of physical distribution and how multi-channel, the online works and coexists with the physical. So we are very, very carefully looking at our square footage, but we're also very clear that there are things we do better that need to be done physically, and we do it better than anyone in the world. We appreciate the question. Thank you very much.
James Muehlbauer: As you would expect, as we have been lowering the number of big-box new stores over the last three or four years, our CapEx spending dedicated to U.S. big-box growth has been coming down significantly. We've also been using money over the last couple of years to remodel our existing stores and put value props in place where we know that there's high levels of consumer demand in spaces where our share is like Best Buy Mobile. So what you see happening next year is, while the capital is actually coming down a little bit year-over-year, there is a shift in capital spending that's really been a continuation of a theme in that we continue to lower our big-box capital spending, but we're ramping up our capital spend on profitable new models like Best Buy Mobile, and we're ramping up spending next year to support the profitable growth we see in China around our Five Star business as well.
James Muehlbauer: Other areas of investment really dovetail the parts of the business that Mike and Brian talked about earlier in looking at opportunities to improve our store environment around our Gaming business to support pre-orders and used game, and really doing something more than just a physical presence, but actually building a labor model to support customers in the gaming space, to give them the advise and service that we think could be a large differentiator in improving our sales and share in that space.
James Muehlbauer: Yes, happy to. Clearly that program is meant to do a couple of things. First and foremost, as Mike Vitelli talked about, we're using that as an opportunity to demonstrate what we can do differently for customers to increase their comforts in buying [ph] purchases. So that, for us, is really about the traffic in a closed vehicle. The economics of that, over time, will depend upon how customers actually behave and what those products actually do from a resale standpoint. But key thing for us is, we're using that as a differentiator to drive traffic, close sales. And then just as a reminder, in that program we've actually ceded the kind of residual value of the exposure of those purchases will be with a third-party. So once Best Buy initiates the fund into that transaction, we have no longer -- we don't have to continuing liability as it relates to the product.
James Muehlbauer: Yes, Brian, I'm going to take that. So certainly, as we look at the different parts of our business, you have pieces moving in different directions but from a macro standpoint, as we noted in our release, basically the improvement in gross profit through most of the year has been mix-driven based on what happened in Best Buy Mobile growing successfully, and just a lower portion of notebook computers in our mix. I'll remind you that, remember last year in Q4, with the launch of Windows 7, notebooks in the mix went way up. So it depressed our margins in Q4 of last year, once again that was mix-driven. Overall, our rates in most of our categories has stayed very fairly stable. One exception would be in the Television business, and that's purely due to the mix of the type of TV sales that we've seen this year versus the previous year. As Mike mentioned, the new technologies that the industry planned to sell this year didn't grow as fast as the industry planned. We sold more mid-line televisions and lower-end televisions, so our margins in that space came down. But I would attribute that to kind of mix within the TV category, not a rate on a SKU-per-SKU-type product. So overall, rates relatively stable through the year. We think we have opportunities to drive more sales going forward as Mike talked about. That's going to have some impact and pressure on the rates next year, but those are incremental sales dollars and incremental margin dollars, that's why the guidance we've provided next year is expecting gross margins to grow, albeit at a slower rate than we saw this year.
James Muehlbauer: This is Jim, why don't I take kind of the front half of that and Mike will talk a little bit about what we're seeing in tablets and what we see into next year. Just maybe take a second to remind everybody that what's going on in part in the computing space, which is in home office last year, is we had the launch of Windows 7 last year. So late in Q3, early in Q4, our computing comps were way down as we were bleeding down inventories to prepare for that Windows 7 launch. Computing comps in January and February last year were enormous in the business. I know I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we saw Q4 comps in mobile computing of up 40%, driven by that. So part of what you're seeing in your comment is just what we're lapping last year from a computing experience standpoint. And I’ll let Mike talk a little bit about what we're seeing in the Tablet business and going forward.
James Muehlbauer: Matt, I don't have the December mobile comps for last year sitting in front of me right now, but what I'm processing through, and we can follow up with you. Also in that number us Best Buy Mobile which would have had a significant comp last year during the holiday season as well.
James Muehlbauer: This is Jim. As we mentioned earlier, I think it's the combination of things. There's nothing that's preventing us from doing things that we see in the model today that we should be taking actions on. So to Shari's point, as we see opportunities in the marketplace to improve the utilization of our square footage, we’re actually doing it. I think for the things that we see in the models specifically for next year around investing in gaming and things of that nature, we’re not talking about enormous investments in those spaces to improve the productivity of those stores. Similar to what we think we can experience in the appliance space, given a better value proposition and labor model around selling appliances like we're seeing in our early days of our Pac sales stores within Best Buy stores, demonstrates that we've got the right traffic in the store to convert customers if we have a better value prop and labor model. That's really where we saw the success in Best Buy Mobile, putting Best Buy Mobile in the store. Initially we didn't bring new customers into the store, we were leveraging the traffic that's there, and that space is way more productive than it was before. So we think we have opportunities to both to do that, but to also Shari's point, we also think we have opportunities as we see how these labor models evolve to meet customer needs. We think we can pull that off in smaller square footage. And as we get sharper on what that looks like and how customers respond to that in this environment, we'll be pulling those leverage to accommodate that as well.
