Hubert Joly: So thank you, Sharon. Looking ahead to the holiday season and beyond, our strategy is to continue to drive our Renew Blue transformation. Our mission is to be the destination and authority for technology products and services. We are here to help our customers discover, choose, purchase, finance, activate, enjoy and eventually replace their technology products and solutions. We also help our vendor partners market their products by providing them the best showroom for technology products, both online and in our stores. Now specifically for holiday, we have worked to enhance and deliver on our unique customer promises. First, we are offering highly competitive prices and compelling promotions, as we believe that price competitiveness is table stakes. Our price competitiveness is augmented by a number of things. One is up to 6% in rewards value with the use of My Best Buy credit card. Second, valuable trading promotions. Next is our Low Price Guarantee. And four is free shipping for online orders over $25. We're also delivering a curated assortment of exciting new products, including 2 new gaming platforms, new mobile phones, new tablets. In fact, on new tablets, Best Buy is the only national retailer where you can touch, try and buy the top 5 brands of tablets. So new tablets, and then a number of branded exclusives only at Best Buy products and services for the holiday season. Beyond assortment, we will be providing significantly enhanced manageable and impartial advice to our customers, including through the online channel with an improved taxonomy, a new search engine, new buying guides and expanded product informations, as I discussed earlier. In our stores, we've continued to invest in training and coaching and have begun the process of equipping our Blue Shirts with new tablet-based tools that allow them to access online resources to aid customers wherever they may be on the retail sales floor. And of course, through our strategic vendor partnerships, we are providing a renewed shopping experience with the presence of Apple, Samsung and Windows experts in our stores. In addition, we've enhanced the multi-channel convenience of shopping at Best Buy by offering our customers the ability to shop when and where they want, including shopping online with either in-home delivery or in-store pickup options, offering expanded Black Friday hours opening at 6 p.m. Thanksgiving evening and remaining open until 10 p.m. on Black Friday, increasing the number of Black Friday doorbuster deal events and hosting a number of exclusive-access events for My Best Buy members. In addition to offering customers the ability to shop when and where they want, we've also taken great steps to ensure maximum product availability for our customers through the leveraging of our ship-from-store capabilities and new online shipping locations. Finally, our fifth promise is our ability to offer support for the life of the product, including in-store product setup, holiday hotline, delivery installation, technical advice and services provided by Geek Squad. Altogether, I am excited about the focus and even the obsession our management team has on delighting our customers and on winning. This bodes well for the future steps in our journey to make Best Buy a company with which customers develop a deep and rich relationship. Now I will now turn the call over back to Sharon to cover our outlook for the fourth quarter.
Hubert Joly: Greg, thank you for your question. I think you're asking for the driver of the growth in our comps in the U.S. It's really a combination of things. One is there's category growth. We've highlighted that's mobile, tablet. Appliances, I think you've seen, very significant, I think it's 25% year-over-year growth in appliances. So there's a good a pull from these categories, which is of course further helped by the floor space optimization initiatives, as well as the deployment of the vendor experiences. So we are very pleased that this is producing results. The other drivers of the total comp are, of course, online, the 15% is helpful. And in the stores, we're seeing better execution, frankly. The customer's feedback is very positive as it relates to the Blue Shirts. So we've seen movements, positive movements, in the close rates. The total traffic is up. Increasingly, I think the traffic is going to be difficult to interpret from the standpoint that the shopping experience really changes. People are starting their shopping experience online, which highlights the importance of our online strategy, and the number of visits to the stores naturally go down. And but I don't think it's really matters at the end. Our overall focus is on the overall top line and comps.
Hubert Joly: I think that we are seeing there's multiple drivers here. One element where we're seeing some positive trends is the average order value, in particular online as well as in the stores. For example, we've highlighted the ability to get Geek Squad protection on at the time of in-store pickup. We think that's a very positive element. Again, another driver of traffic, Greg, is, as you know, we are reducing the focus on the high-velocity music physical media products, and that's impacting traffic. As we move to, let's say, appliances, I think you and I would agree that the frequency by which we replace an oven, washing machine and so forth is less than a music CD. So we're sending -- we're seeing structural changes in -- that can impact the traffic in the short term. And the reason why I'm highlighting that is that I don't think it's a big issue. What matters from an economic standpoint, again, is the dollar value of the top line. So how it's constructed is changing, and as we move forward, we'll continue to deepen our understanding of that, but I'm not obsessing about these traffic drivers because they are all of these changes. And again in total, when you include online, traffic is significantly up. So the attraction of Best Buy vis-a-vis the customers is moving forward in the right direction. So I hope that helps in the understanding.
Hubert Joly: Thank you, Dan. So clearly, we've established our strategy for pricing. Our strategy is to be price competitive, and we are continuing to invest -- will continue to invest in Q4 and in the first few quarters of fiscal '15 as we continue to optimize all of this. The primary driver we're using is the actual price that we set. The Low Price Guarantee, which is our price matching policy, which includes online, is a nice tool for the Blue Shirts to close the sale. From a frequency and cost standpoint, it's a relatively minor driver, but it's an effective tool to give the comfort to the customers that they're getting the right price. Competitive responses, it's hard for me to speak on behalf of our competitors. I don't want to say this, but I think both Sharon and I have said it: We're in this to win and we're in this to play to win, as opposed to not lose. So you're seeing a Best Buy that is back, and we're in there fighting. And there are some statements that have been made in the last several days by a number of competitors, and we're continuously monitoring the situation. And we're going to -- like we did last year, we're going to drive the outcome. We will not be shy about investing in winning the holiday season. I think the question about the reaction from the competitors, I think it'd be fair to -- for you to ask them. I don't want to comment on them, but hopefully, I'm giving you a sense of the spirit that is here at Best Buy.
Hubert Joly: So David, thank you for your question. In TV, from a dollar standpoint, we were flat and which I think is a nice trend compared to the past. And TV remains a very important category for us. In terms of product innovation, I think the movement towards ultrahigh definition or 4K TV is going to be an interesting development for next year, less so probably for this year in terms of quantities and overall impact. But I think we love the fact that there is innovation, meaningful innovation for the customer. And then when prices are starting to go down for these new products, I think this has the potential to continue to drive life into this category.
Hubert Joly: I think that having the right assortment is a very important part of our strategy. Across the various categories, we have this amazing assortment. Video has been a very nice addition, from a competitive standpoint and from a value standpoint for customers. So I think that you're highlighting something that's meaningful.
Hubert Joly: So obviously, David, we're watching the developments on a day-by-day basis. And I cannot comment on what I don't know because there may be new things happening in the next several weeks. I want to highlight that our promotional plans for Black Friday and power week, promotionally speaking, is very strong. The number of doorbuster deals, the quantities that we have available are very meaningful. So I don't want to comment specifically about Walmart's announcements from this morning. This is part of the day-to-day business. But this morning, certainly, Sharon and I wanted to give you, again, a flavor of our mindset. And we think it -- we need to be in the game. So that's what we're going to do. I would highlight that the plans we've prepared even before the Walmart announcement were very significant. Again, they were designed to win. So I think that's as much as we can say at this point.
Hubert Joly: So your question is, how much of the 2% or 1.7% is driven by what we've done versus the environment.
Hubert Joly: Yes, I'm not sure I have a finite breakdown of this. I can share the spirit in which we're fighting this war. If you remember, a year or 2 ago, the message from this company was all about the headwinds and to explain the results. We never talk about the headwinds. We've said, starting in November of last year, that's this was the overall environment was a positive one. There's a lot of product innovation. In fact, for this holiday season, there's probably more product innovation that we've seen in a long time. And we're focused on the levers that we can control. Our market -- our overall market share, even though we are by far the leader in the space, is only in the mid teens. So we don't think it's illegal, immoral, unethical to grow market share. And so that's the focus. We are pleased with the environment. We know that there is uncertainty how the consumer feels with everything that's going on in the country and in the world, but we don't really focus that much on every -- our emphasis is on what we can control because, again, we're only 15% of the market. So what we do has more impact, we think, than the overall environment. That's our -- that's the mindset. I wish I could give you the detailed answer. It's hard because there's so many moving pieces. But that's the mindset.
Hubert Joly: Well, this is a very exciting development. And of course, with my video games background from 10 or 15 years ago, I'm personally excited about it. I was, of course, in the stores Thursday night for the PS4 launch, and I'll do the same with the Xbox One launch. There is so much excitement on the part of these gamers. And so we think it's a very positive development, from a consumer standpoint. Gaming is still very much alive. The quantities, Sony has reported, right, to 1 million units shipped and which is much faster than the PS3. So that's very encouraging. We -- Best Buy tends to do well in hardware even though, as Sharon has highlighted, the margins are not as exciting as the volumes, but that is very good. And we'll get more inventory next week. We'll try -- we have the plan to keep some of that inventory for our best customers. We want to -- we'll have some of that going on. So very exciting developments from a top line perspective. And more broadly speaking, again, if you look across all of the categories, this is a holiday season where there is, really, life from an innovation standpoint. So all of the discussions about product cycles and so forth that I was hearing last year, I think that's there's a lot of great stuff developed by our vendor partners. And I think consumer electronics toys, if I can put it this way, are going to be exciting for shoppers this holiday season. And because of our strengths in that space and the improved customer experience, we think we're a very attractive place where to shop.
Hubert Joly: So thank you, David. Clearly, these vendor partnerships have been a major development for us this year. We had had Apple stores for a while in our stores, and we've added Samsung and Windows in a very meaningful way this year. Thank you for highlighting Google. For those of you, I hope there's very few, who've not seen our stores recently, there's 2, there's a meaningful table and a meaningful end cap. I think it's in 750 of our stores, with some staffing on the part of Google. Google's hardware business is obviously expanding and there is a lot of interesting product innovation. The Chromebook, Chromecast, Nexus tablet is very interesting. The customer feedback from all of these vendor experiences, as I said, is very positive. And strategically, I think what we've all seen is how meaningful Best Buy is as a platform for these vendor partners because we're the only place of scale where they can showcase the fruit of their billions of dollars of technology investment. And the ability of the customers to touch and feel these products across these ecosystems, if I can use this word, is very meaningful. So a lot of positive development. Excitement on the part of the vendors, look -- I think your question is, looking ahead, what's coming. The -- we don't have the vision of transforming the entire store in a collection of boutiques from these vendors. We have -- we use 3 criteria to decide whether we do additional stores-in-the-stores. Is it good for the customer? And by that, I mean, does it make sense to shop a vendor experience, as opposed to shop a category? Is it good for the vendor? And is it good for Best Buy? You can -- you probably have in mind a number of names that could make sense. If you have them in mind, probably assume that, there's discussions with all of them, but that doesn't mean they're going to bear fruit, right, because it needs to make sense, again, for the customer, the vendor and ourselves. But I think the basic idea is there, which is that, strategically, it's been very helpful from a customer standpoint, a vendor standpoint and, of course, for Best Buy. But more to come on that.
Hubert Joly: So let me start with the vendor stores, and then Sharon will take credit card. Scot, so each vendor store, of course, is going to be different. But generally speaking, Best Buy is not -- Best Buy's main activity is not philanthropy, so we are doing this because it makes sense from a financial standpoint. Generally speaking, there is more help provided from the vendor, as related to the cost of operating the stores-within-the-stores in terms of the either it could be the labor, the fixtures, the space, all of these things. There is a financial contribution, retail contributions. There is improved margins. It can be improved margins on the products. And then of course, importantly as well as sometimes or typically marketing support because these vendors can see their stores within Best Buy as their store, which it is, and therefore, directing traffic to Best Buy makes sense. I think you've seen some examples of that during the year. And of course, for us, as we think about the optimization of our economics in the floor space, we move the allocation of the floor space to growing profitable categories. And so mechanically, when you replace, let's say, physical music or reduce physical music and you have more phones and tablets, as examples, mechanically from a mix standpoint, you also have helped. So these are some of the drivers as we see that. The final one that I would add is that because we do this with the top vendors, of course, traffic, this is attractive for the customers, and that's the feedback we're getting. And again, what's unique about Best Buy and that makes it unique both for the customers and the vendor is the ability to touch and experience all of these ecosystems, right? So in the same store, you're going to be able to touch and feel an Apple product, a Samsung product, a Windows product. So that's also very meaningful, and it's helpful to our journey.
Hubert Joly: So your question is on what's not working. The way I would answer this is that, if you look at our glass, we can look at the half-full glass or part of the glass. Believe me, there is another part that's half-empty. And when I say half, that's because that's how the phrase comes in English, I think. And so then that leads me to the opportunities that we still have lying ahead. I think there's more efficiencies to be driven out. We're not stopping where we are, by any stretch of the imagination. And then I think, increasingly, we turn on the -- focus on the growth. I think our economics and economic engine really become interesting if we combine the power of efficiency with the power of more top line through our fixed cost base. And to get the growth, there's a number of governing thoughts here. It's all about the customer experience. Our key strategy in the context of price competitiveness is to drive the customer experience. You've heard us talk about the customer promises. Continuing to enhance and improve our delivery of our customer promises is going to be essential to our journey around the assortment and the selection, the advice, convenience, the service, the personalization. I think that, in terms of the growth engines, looking at the category strategies, how do we grow in a meaningful way in the key categories in which we are operating, and maybe some that are more longer-term growth potential, as this is a very dynamic space. I think that, from a channel perspective, online, are we happy where we are with online? We're happy with the progress, back to your point, but candidly, there's a lot of obsession on how to further drive this, drive the customer experience on the site in a very meaningful way. I think, how we address certain customer segments, think about millennials, think about buying occasions. As an example, we don't have a registry as a retailer. There's -- we're probably the only one who does not, and so on and so forth. So I think that we are very pleased and proud of our -- the progress we've made, but there's so much more to come. Again, from a cost standpoint. I could have highlighted returns, replacements and damages. This is -- we've talked about it. We've begun -- we've barely begun to take steps to address it. It's all in our future, the opportunity's all in our future for cost and revenue. So everything I said here is completely consistent with what we've been saying since November of last year, exactly a year ago, and we have to continue to drive this. So hopefully, this answers your question.
Hubert Joly: Sure. Anthony, thank you for your questions. So the key drivers of our strong performance in Q3, of course, the housing market is -- I pull that back to my comment on focusing on our drivers. There's 4 main drivers of our performance in appliances in Q3. We've had -- we believe with -- promotions have been quite effective. We've added also appliance sales specialists in a number of our stores. This is a specialized area, so having more specialists is helpful. We've also expanded the small appliances category, which is a very exciting category where our market share is below 2%. So we can probably all agree that this is a growth opportunity. And then there is a positive impact of the Pacific Kitchen & Home stores-within-a-store rollout and ramp-up. So these are the 4 drivers of performance with appliances, Anthony.
Hubert Joly: Well, thank you so much. And as we end the call, of course, I'd like to take a moment to thank our leadership team, our associates and our vendor partners and, of course, their families for what they've done and what they will be doing to serve our customers and win during the holiday season. I also want to thank our shareholders for their ongoing support. And I want to wish all of them and all of you a very happy and joyful holiday season, which will not be complete without a trip or several trips to bestbuy.com or our stores. So I'll see you there.
Sharon L. McCollam: Thank you. As Hubert said, we are encouraged by the progress we have made against our Renew Blue priorities and are optimistic about the strength of our holiday-specific merchandising, marketing and customer experience initiatives. We are also optimistic about the traffic generation and holiday electronics focus that the new big gaming launches will bring to our stores and our websites, albeit at low margins. But as we enter the fourth quarter, we're also highly aware of the public statements that are being made by our competitors as it relates to their promotional plans for Black Friday and the fourth quarter. We know that we will be facing an increasingly promotional environment. As such, we want to give you color on our response to this competitive situation, and our perspectives on how these pressures could financially impact the fourth quarter. First and foremost, we are committed to being competitive on price. As Hubert mentioned, it's table stakes in our transformation. So if our competition is, in fact, more promotional in the fourth quarter, we will be too, and that will have a negative impact on our gross margin. We are also committed to serving our customers when and where they want to be served. And in light of our competitors' decisions to open early for Black Friday, we too are opening our stores early. This requires increased promotional offers and an incremental investment in store payroll. But again, it's table stakes. In addition, you will recall from last quarter's earnings release that we had already identified other P&L drivers that we expected to negatively impact our fourth quarter operating income rate, which we quantified at a negative 40 to 70 basis point impact to last year's fourth quarter non-GAAP operating income rate of 5.7%. This 40 to 70 basis point impact reflects the negative impact of ongoing pricing investments, the negative impact of our $150 million to $200 million in fiscal '14 incremental Renew Blue SG&A investments, the temporary negative impact of our mobile warranty cost and the negative impact of the economics of our new credit card agreement, all substantially offset by the positive impact of the $505 million in annualized Renew Blue cost savings. But now as a result of the additional holiday pressures we just discussed, we believe it's prudent to narrow this range to 60 to 70 basis points for the fourth quarter, made up of an estimated 80 to 90 basis point negative impact on gross margins and an estimated positive 10 to 20 basis point impact on SG&A. But this 60 to 70 basis point impact only pertains to these specific fourth quarter P&L drivers and it's not intended to be interpreted as financial guidance on our overall perspective on the fourth quarter results. The reason we say this is that, over the last several quarters, above and beyond our Renew Blue cost savings, our core business performance has stabilized and our product mix and non-Renew Blue cost-containment initiatives have been stronger than expected. So assuming this level of performance continues, we do expect to be able to offset some or all of this impact. As it relates to these P&L drivers for fiscal '15, the projections we laid out in last quarter's earnings release have not changed and are reiterated as follows: negative 60 to 90 basis points in Q1 fiscal '15, negative 70 to 100 basis points in Q2 of fiscal '15 and a negative 30 to 60 basis points in Q3 of fiscal '15. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. Thank you.
Sharon L. McCollam: And Greg, I might add one thing to all the information that Hubert provided as well. We are also on the online side. This quarter, we launched our new My Best Buy. And we are working, actually, very hard to use the website as a source of relationship building and information for our customers. And we are going to great ends to make that happen because we believe that customers coming to the site over and over gets them used to coming to our site. It brings it -- it makes it more of a destination. So Scott is working and the teams are working very hard to get that traffic to the site so that we can continue to interact with our customers. So you're going to see a big push here and continuing over the next several quarters as we make all these new changes to our website. We want to bring customers there. So of course, when you bring traffic that you're not intending per se to convert, you're going to affect that conversion rate in the online side.
Sharon L. McCollam: I'd just reiterate what we said. We're going to get through at holiday season. We believe that going into this season with the strength of the balance sheet that we currently have is a huge competitive advantage for us and certainly something that we feel our vendors deserve. So when we get past this year, we'll start talking about what our plans are going into next year. But at this point, our perspective on continuing to keep a much stronger cash balance on the balance sheet versus the past continues intact.
Sharon L. McCollam: Again, on the question regarding the quantification of the credit card, we haven't quantified it. Obviously, we have an agreement with Citibank and we can't be disclosing the terms. But I would say that, just by the fact that we've called it out, it is an offset and it's an important number. So we have never quantified anything less than 10 or 20 basis points. So you can take it from there and work with that.
