Matthew Bilunas: Sure. So for promotions, Q3 was definitely less promotional than last year, but a little bit more than we saw earlier in the year due in part to the early start to the holiday, which occurred in October. Due to the continued demand for products and industry-wide inventory strains, we're still seeing promotionality be less on a year-over-year basis. Our assumption would be that in Q4 promotionality increases a bit relative to Q3, but considering the elevated level of demand and continued constraints in some areas of inventory, we don't expect it to be a year-over-year pressure. So looking into next year from a cost perspective, from a margin and SG&A, I think it's a bit early to know exactly how that manifests next year. We're clearly going to be looking at next year quarter-by-quarter, every quarter this year was a bit different than the others. And so as we enter next year, it's likely that the trends that we're seeing continue on from a demand perspective, at least on the start. And so, we'll look at the early part of the year a little differently probably than the rest. And we'll obviously remain competitive from a pricing perspective throughout the year, but we'll also look to leverage the efficiencies and the learnings we've made this year in terms of the SG&A structure.
Matthew Bilunas: And maybe from Q3, a pull forward question that you had, I think, clearly, we outlined October sales benefited from earlier start to the holiday season. It also benefited from a shift of Prime Day from July into October. It's really difficult to predict exactly how much was pulled into Q3 from Q4, but there are a few considerations, and we talked about October being 33% growth in the month. We also talked about the start of the quarter was about 20% growth in the first few weeks. So, clearly with the elevated level of demand in October, it clearly points to a period in between those two that is around 20% or slightly lower, so that's why when we look at Q4, we don't necessarily expect the trend of Q4 to continue on at that Q3 pace. Although, we wouldn't necessarily say we're signaling sharp declines, we're just very thoughtful about the rest of the quarter coming and that we're pulling sales further into October and in November, and we have some pretty significant days ahead in terms of Thanksgiving Day being closed, but also Cyber week and the week before Christmas. So, just a lot of factors still there to think through.
Matthew Bilunas: Hey Brad. Thanks for the question. As we announced in our prepared remarks, we started the quarter with the inventory down pretty significantly versus prior year a least matched against our sales trends. And the team and I just need to call it out, did remarkable work. We see more merchandise in our fiscal third quarter I think in the history of Best Buy, which is a feat in itself. The pressures are still in the long lead time categories. Domestically, major appliances saw impacts both on inconsistent demand and then factories shutting down for COVID-related issues. And clearly, there's consumer demand with the housing market that we see as a long tail play. We're excited about being back into the inventory position we need, but we think it's going to remain constrained probably into early next year. The demand in computing has been sustained right since the start of the COVID crisis. And right in the middle of the crisis, we had a back-to-school event. Normally you guys would be asking questions about our back-to-school season. It's been back-to-school or back to work-at-home or back to educating-at-home since March. We're really happy with the supply chain model there. We have great relationships with all of the world's top OEMs and we work with them literally everyday to fulfill the needs, but I think we're going to be – we'll be tighter there than we would appreciate, but it will be enough inventory to support our sales. As we transitioned into next year, I don't see any long tail things. There's some real constraints, obviously, part of this what I was saying on the new gaming consoles, and that will probably be sustained through the holiday season. But there are long product cycle, and I see us getting in a good position fairly quickly after the holiday. Thanks for the question.
Matthew Bilunas: Hey Greg. Thanks for that question. I think you kind of hit it on the head. There has been a year-over-year change on when new products were launched versus when they were in 2019. That's probably the biggest transition that you have to think about. What we're excited about is on the new devices, the demand for the higher capacity, larger screen and the phones that are purely ready to be 5G enabled are quite good. And the vast majority of the products we are selling are actually 5G enabled. So we like the demand signals going into what the new devices will look like. I think the replacement cycle on phones has been forever changed. And so the role we will play will continually help customers who are seeking out the newest technology to get the best out of their experience. And that's what we're excited about going forward.
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. I'll start and Corie or Mike can jump in. I think overarching Corie kind of said this a little earlier, I think it's far too early for us to really comment on sales next year. Right now we're very, very focused on helping our customers meet their demand right now with the premium on safety for both them and our employees. So that's our first objective right now. I think there's still going to be a lot of factors for us to weigh as we move into the beginning of next year. Certainly, there is a continuation of elevated demand for things to work and learn and cook and entertain for home. And it's likely that some of that continues on as we go into the beginning of next year, but may start to subside a bit. There is still a heightened level of unemployment right now and likely to continue into next year as well. And clearly, we're not totally sure on how the vaccine starts to get distributed out to everyone. So there's a lot of factors that we're continuing to weigh in, which is primarily to – as well we have a whole holiday quarter ahead of us. And so we've got to see how that shakes out in addition to that. So I think what we can see, like I said earlier, is I think these elevated trends will likely continue a bit as we go into next year, but we'll likely have to take each quarter individually and look at the demand trends that we saw this year and try to understand what they look like next year. I think fundamentally, we are seeing that role of technology only intensifying people's lives, we've said this before. I think it's really proliferated – we've proliferated devices in people's homes and those devices need to continue to be supported. Those devices needed additional advancement and innovation as we go forward. And so we see a lot of opportunities ahead of us. Each quarter will present its own unique challenges and we'll work through that and we'll give more update on next year as we get towards the end of the year.
Matthew Bilunas: Sure. Maybe starting with the wage perspective, this year, we clearly went to move to $15 an hour with our sales within our stores. And so we'll continue to approach increases based on our processes as we go forward. So we've taken a fairly large step forward this year in terms of setting our minimum wage to $15 an hour. So from a wage perspective, we feel like we're very competitive with the wage and all the other benefits that we offer our associates. From a macro perspective, a little early to know exactly how inflation takes hold next year. There is always some level that we're factoring in, but overarchingly, it's not something that we are too worried about at this point.
Corie Barry: Good morning, Simeon. As we go back to the update that we provided last year, you could hear it in the remarks, we feel like the strategy is spot-on, and in fact more relevant than ever. And obviously, the proliferation of consumer electronics is as high as it's ever been. People are just getting more comfortable using connected devices and living a connected life, frankly, across their home. Obviously, you can appreciate we're not going to update the financial targets. I think what we would say is, in the many ways we're ahead of where we thought we would be at this time, we’ve accelerated a massive amount of learnings and investments. And I think you'd also argue many retailers are ahead of where they thought they'd be at this time. I think right now we believe that's all the more reason we need to double down on what makes us unique. Therefore, we're testing, we're learning, and then probably have some suite of investing to do once we understand better the results of those tests and those hypotheses. What's most important, what remains most important is building those fundamentally sound relationships with our customers that keeps us relevant in their consideration set over time. And so, we will continue to make investments around technology, stores, membership. Could we see an EBIT rate higher than the 5% we laid out? Maybe, but that's not the goal. The goal right now is to figure out how customers are shopping differently; and therefore, the role we need to play to build those foundationally sound relationships over time.
Corie Barry: Yes. For Total Tech Support, we did grow the member count after holding pretty steady in the first half of the year. We haven't been updating that number quarterly and we're not going to now. But for reference, the last we shared was about 2.3 million members at the end of fiscal 2020. We definitely saw usage of the remote support offering continue to increase during the pandemic. And we also saw improved trends compared to earlier in the year as it relates to things like installation and repair. And we expect that usage to continue to ramp up as the stores are fully open and we're back in homes providing the more fulsome suite of services. To underscore what Mike said, I'd like to give our teams a ton of credit for the work that they have done to creatively find ways to help our customers, who in some cases are pretty desperate to make sure their devices are working together.
Corie Barry: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scot. The point of – so there is kind of two different subjects here. One is a very small test that we're doing right now, four stores are on square footage. And it's more about stores as a real fulfillment hub that can act as a convenient and easy place for our customers to come and get what they want, and both a more limited SKU assortment that is merchandised, but frankly a wide assortment that's available for pickup in the store as well as some services. That's really early, it's small and we're learning. On what we're trying to achieve with our operating model changes, it's interesting. What we're actually trying to achieve is a better customer experience at the end of the day that is enabled through a more flexible and more educated workforce. And the idea in that – the win is actually that we can provide more flexible expertise across the store that you might have one teammate who can work with you across the entire store that we developed the best-in-class curbside and in-store pickup capabilities. But the concept is not about pull out as much cost as possible. The concept is about creating a workforce that is more flexible and can be used across departments and frankly across customer needs. So it's not quite funky moving around in the store. Success then is actually you have a more fulsome in-store experience and your associates have the ability to garner more skills to opt into more flexible schedules and to be able to potentially at some point even move new between stores depending on their availability.
Corie Barry: I think it's both, honestly, Scot. So I mean, Matt hit on in his prepared remarks, there are some efficiencies that you're able to build in, in terms of hours, but again, that's not the goal in and of itself. The goal is to provide more seamless customer experiences, better employee experiences that actually then continue to create that relationship over time, which also is a quantitative measure. It's just that it's more of a quantitative measure over time.
Corie Barry: I think we're going to need to give this one a little bit of time, obviously. And we said in the remarks, this is about a market working together to serve customers in the most effective way possible. And so this is the very first foray into fulfillment stores like this. And my guess – not my guess, I know. We will continue to try additional formats and additional ways that we will approach the market as we head into next year. And so we'll keep you apprised as we learn more, but we definitely want to give this one enough time, especially in a pandemic world where operations are different than what steady state might look like over time. So we are urgent with it, but at the same time, we want to make sure we give it enough time so that we capture as many learnings as possible in this real market-tailored approach.
Corie Barry: I don't see it being something that looks like three years, certainly. And I think a little bit of this depends on how the business normalizes back through the pandemic, through some of the economic implications. So it's not just about the timeline we set, it's also about making sure that we feel like we're getting accurate and real results for where the business is going to go from here.
Corie Barry: I think structurally what the team has done an excellent job with is investing in our employees and then finding ways for us to meet the customer needs in the most flexible way possible. I think about this kind of like as efficiencies that are in service of the customer. So whatever the inflation kind of environment looks like, what we're focused on is making sure we find the balance between what we need to do for our people and how we can best operate the business.
Corie Barry: And so with that, I'm going to end where we started. I want to thank all of our customers, our employees for the amazing work that they've been doing and the effort that they put forth through really incredibly different and challenging times. And thank you to all of you for joining us today. We hope you have a safe and happy holiday.
