Hubert Joly: Thank you for your question, Matt. So the TV category is playing out pretty much as we expected. There is indeed a reduction of ASPs and the combination of reduced ASPs and great product is stimulating unit demand and in that context, I don’t want to talk so much about the competitors, but I can talk about us. The customer experience we provide combination of assortment, merchandising, the online experience and experience in the stores, our service capabilities is allowing us to continue to gain market share. These market share gains have slightly moderated, because it doesn’t continue forever but we’ve built a capability that’s quite unique. The other thing that we want to highlight and we’ve talked about it on previous calls, the cycle of this time is different from the time where TVs went to digital and it was a much more contained cycle. We see continued product innovation today and coming in the future and this continued product innovation allows us to appeal to the type of customers that we appeal to which are in part the leading edge and early adopters, provide this great experience and allows us to stay ahead of the game. So we aren’t surrendering by any stretch of the imagination. I think there’s been some words around us we’re – in the game to win and we’re very proud of the capabilities we have.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, Scott. Clearly today we aren’t providing any guidance for next year or the following year. But as you have heard us talk about, one of our key priorities this year is to find ways to accelerate our growth. We believe that from the standpoint of all of the stakeholders including our shareholders, if we are able to accelerate our growth in a profitable way, this creates a different outcome. And we believe that we are in an opportunity rich environment by focusing on the underlying needs of our customers and creating this better customer experiences and providing solutions and services to them, we do believe we have opportunities. We’re taking the time to explore and experiment this year, we’ve shared with you a few of the things we are exploring but I have no doubt, a key area of focus for our Management team and all of our associates every day is to grow the Company. So without providing any guidance I can share with you that we’re very focused on that while continuing to drive efficiencies to drive the investments in the future. So no guidance but a very clear focus as we look ahead, as we discussed, as we are beginning this year.
Hubert Joly: In case to elaborate, as Corie said the vast majority is on sounds to your question about appliances, people replacing the product after a failure, you are absolutely right on that front that the percentage of the missed sales is quite, is relatively small in appliances. Okay.
Hubert Joly: Yes, thank you. The latest data we have from a market share standpoint go to September. So we don’t have October. As of September based on the data we have – we continue to gain market share materially. And yes, we are more weighted towards the Korean brands in appliances.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, Simeon. So on TVs, if you breakdown the industry in our business by TV size, you’ll see a very different picture and this is an important point to highlight because it’s not just about 4K’s and OLED TVs it’s very much about large screen TVs. And the customer demand is gravitating of course towards the larger screen TVs and the competitive landscape is different by TV size. So our customers and the experience we provide allows us to gravitate towards the higher – the larger screens and more fully featured TVs and not just 4K’s, again this new innovation with HDR and OLED, so that is playing to our strength, so that dynamic is helping us, okay. And in a sense we also create – helping to create the dynamics is our merchandising efforts, our online efforts, our in-store efforts is allowing us to create that excitement about this more fully featured larger screen TVs. I think computing remains very important strength for us and this is another case where the industry is now doing great frankly from a top line standpoint. And combination of the assortments the creation of a premium more fully featured exclusive assortment on the Windows side and our strong presence with Apple, the great experience in the stores in partnership with our key vendors has really made us a great destination, great customer experience, great market share and evolution of the market. So this is a case where in partnership with our vendors and everything we can do we are helping to drive the market and a better outcome. So these are exciting categories. And looking at Q4, from a demand standpoint, there’s potential excitement with both existing categories and then of course these new emerging categories because of course there’s ways of growth and there is indeed this year quite a bit of innovation.
Hubert Joly: And of course Greg, online we do have a traffic growth 24% is very robust. And yes, the trends you’re highlighting are very much in line with our strategy and focus of our teams. We have such a rich set of opportunities to provide solutions to our customers, once they are in a stores, we need to take care of their needs and it’s both the basket that’s an opportunity, but also the share of wallet I think that’s building these relationship with their customers helping them over time and becoming a resourceful is another set of opportunities. So these are very exciting opportunities ahead of us.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, David. Clearly these vendor partnerships partnering with our key vendors has been a big part of the story of Best Buy forever, but certainly in the last four years. If anything we’re deepening these partnerships, as we focus on solving problems for customers and providing solutions, we are adding a services dimension to these discussions. So that we can provide an end-to-end seamless experience and support to customers. So that’s an area we are exploring this, I can talk about specifics here because we’re – it’s an infomercial opportunity and we are a service provider – authorized service provider and we have a pilot with Samsung on in store repair for the phones and the tablets. And so again providing – if you have a Samsung product we’re the only place where you can actually go to get this and of course Apple has go their own stores, but we have a very significant footprint. Also collaboration upstream in product design is something that is a great capability that we have and we are able to work with some key vendors upstream together create a winning strategy for our coming customers. And so being a player, in the North American market is such an important market for these vendors and Best Buy being a leading edge player in that creates a unique opportunity to create something very compelling for customers so these are some of the developments and as you can see they are pretty exciting.
Hubert Joly: Thank you, Brian for the question so is the promotional environment this year likely to be more subdued, short answer is no. I think it’s always promotional and our category as we all know is used by certain player as a way to attract traffic. So there sometimes it will be aggressive promotions – often times limited quantities, but it creates, so no – we cannot see any chance from that standpoint. Black Friday I think what until the game is played it’s hard to know but we do see a combination of a bit of spreading out but also peaks and valleys being higher and steeper as the consumer has been trained to shop when the prices are more promotional, so I don’t think that there is a material chance here. From a product standpoint, I think what’s exciting this year is that there’s a broad range of exciting categories across what I would characterize as some of our more traditional product categories like for example, TVs and computing the new TVs are just extraordinary and computing our teams have done a great job as well as these emerging categories, so around connected home, around wearable, around drones, around virtual reality, there’s many reasons to come and check our products. Portable audio, there’s also headphones. There’s some really cool new headphones. I’m personally so excited about my personal holiday shopping. I have to disclose I’m going to buy a new drone. I bought one last year but I’m going to buy a new one. This is exciting.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, David. We continue to be excited about the opportunities for a couple of reasons. One is there’s a need of customers for support and again it’s evolving towards maybe less break fix and more support and more help. And two, traditionally, we’ve been focused on selling services at the point of sale as an attach and we see the opportunity to help customers at their point of need. So that’s where Geek Squad on-demand is an opportunity. And if you do the math given our product market share and our percentage of attach, the bulk of the market is something that historically we had not addressed and we’re seeing some exciting green shoots, and experiments. We talked a bit on the call about Canada. We are talking about Magnolia Care. So this is hard work because it’s building a new business in a sense of reinventing an existing business, but we continue to be excited by the opportunity and very focused on doing what it takes creating the right products, service offerings, also the processes to deliver, the capabilities, and then the go to market. So this is going to be, this is going to take time, but we continue to be excited about this.
Hubert Joly: Yes. This is very early days around that. So it’s good that there’s innovation and people learn from that and so forth. It is not a primary driver of purchase decision for the bulk of the market at this point.
Hubert Joly: Okay. So thank you, Dan. So in international, you’ve seen the numbers. There’s quite a bit of momentum there. In Canada specifically, we’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks that the new prototype stores that we’ve developed in partnership with the vendors are performing very promising and so there will be more on that. Appliances is the other opportunity. So when we deploy these new prototype stores, it does include an appliance department and then we also in the process of we’ve begun the process of deploying appliances in the other store. We don’t have a forecast at this point in terms of the percentage of the business. It’s well represented and of course bear in mind that whatever space we allocate to appliance will cannibalize other product categories, but there’s no doubt that this is an opportunity – a significant opportunity for us, the same view that we have in the U.S. about the opportunity for us exists in Canada. So it’s going to take time to roll this out and we’ll take some investments, but we’re quite excited about it and so more to come on that.
Hubert Joly: Again, no specific guidance but conceptually and bear in mind that international is not just about Canada. So don’t directly apply this to your model. But conceptually, certainly is President of Canada is on the phone and listening, Ron Wilson, there’s no reason for Ron not to be able to perform to that same level all the time and it’s going to take time. And I have to congratulate our Canadian team they have done a remarkable job going through that brand consolidation. And then using that as a springboard to move forward, I was with all of their store general managers last month and there is definite momentum here. We have a great team. And so it’s very exciting and we’ll see how quickly they can go through higher levels of margin. So if he’s not on the call, I’ll certainly relay your question to him.
Hubert Joly: Thank you. In closing, I’d like to do three things. One is, wish every one of you and your family on the call a wonderful holiday season. Number two, I would say that I hope you will give us the opportunity to help you with your holiday shopping this season. And we look forward to serving you either online or in the stores or in your home. And then number three, I’d like to really thank you for your attention and your support throughout the year and hopefully going forward. So thank you. Have a great holiday season. Thank you so much.
Corie Barry: And Matt, I would just add as you can hear in our prepared remarks, it’s not just about the 4K cycle but because we supply solutions and the more full experience particularly in some of the vendor experience shops, we also see a very nice halo to the accessories like streaming devices like audio, within the category as well.
Corie Barry: Yes, on the iPhone, we are actually seeing a pretty much just in line with what our expectations were. If you recall we kind of said we didn’t think it would be quite the bang of an iPhone 6 nor quite the slowness that we saw last year somewhere in between and that’s a little bit of what we are seeing. To your question about how long does the trend last it’s a little tricky, remember we talked a bit about single skew and the ability to buy the phone across multiple carriers that means we add a better supply of inventory, add more inventory that is available for customers, so that means quicker sell through early on. And so we’re watching it now to look at the trends that implies going out. We like where the trends are holding up right now and typically as we watch the cycle it obviously tails as you go through the year, but it usually when people want the phone it’s a cycle that continues. So again, we are not going to quite provide guidance into next year, but it tends to be a cycle that continues over time as people replace their phones.
Corie Barry: Yes. So in the third quarter like we said the impact was a little bit less materially less than what we’re seeing in Q4. We thought the total amount of the impact was probably around $60 million that was heavily weighted toward mobile, much lighter on the appliance side of things. To your question about you kind of elaborate on the replacement cycle, Hubert had started on it. The truth is yes, there is definitely a repair aspect, but the phone still can be repaired. And if you are quite loyal to both the Operating System and the size of your phone, which we are seeing people be loyal to then you might be more willing to go through some of the repair work and wait for whatever else might be coming. So we actually are seeing a ton of people move into other devises. It seems like people are pretty loyal to that combination of Operating System and size that’s offered and was offered by the Note.
Corie Barry: Yes, so on that one, I think when we look at the store what we’re most pleased with is our ability to offer the more premium products and the bigger solutions and the other products that go with it. Obviously from a traffic perspective, we’ve continued to see consistent performance in the stores with obviously a traffic pick up online. And so where we are seeing a lot of the benefit in the store side is definitely around that ability to provide the more premium product and then that product surrounded by a much more fulsome experience that’s really supported by some of that expertise that we’ve been talking about in our stores.
Corie Barry: I’m probably not going to provide metrics at this point. But suffice it to say, I mean, obviously when you think about five years ago streaming was a little baby and it’s come a long ways since then and obviously as the TV has gotten thinner you have absolutely zero sound quality associated with those TV is not there but it’s difficult for you to get any sound out of a very, very beautiful thin, lightly bazel panel. And so I think it’s the evolution of technologies naturally lended itself to adding in some of these other experiences. I mean, obviously we don’t want anyone to go home and not love their home theatre system. And so we’re trying to find ways to make sure they understand up front, look you may not feel like you’re getting the full experience when you get home without something to help you on the audio side. So I think that it’s not only what we are doing, it also, you kind of are watching technology trends that lend themselves [indiscernible] this continued evolution that lends itself to a more complete experience.
Corie Barry: I think one just last piece I’d add is you continue to see especially in the emerging categories our ability to showcase experiences. We talked about VR and the 300,000 visits to experience VR. We’ve talked about kind of our working on creating some of those Connected Home Solutions you can actually experience what those things do for you. I think that’s where you continue to see our vendor partners interested and what we provide uniquely in our stores.
Corie Barry: Yes, so let’s talk about gross profit a little bit. So what we saw in both home theatre and computing is really reflective of a little bit of what Hubert hit on, which is around kind of our mix, our assortment, our merchandising strategies and then absolutely to the last part of your question, some of that ability to have the basket due to the sales expertise that we have in our stores. Additionally, we talked about our ability to take out cost especially around some of our reverse logistics and we’re also seeing some of that benefit our profit rates there. That however, was also offset by a little bit of a decline in the mobile category where we also have some mix challenges there. The other thing that I would note is as you compare to the second quarter and you think sequentially about what’s happened in profit, we did not see material pressure from the investments in services pricing or the periodic profit share benefit. And so you kind of took those pressures away and then saw this bit better results around some of that mix and assortment. And it was very helpful to our overall margin rate. And then in terms of your question about do we see some of this going forward. That obviously, we have confidence in our expertise and our strategies and merchandising elements. I always, I’m thoughtful around Q4 which is such a very different competitive quarter than the rest of the year. And so the guidance that we are giving you incorporates where we think we’re positioned to provide the very best value and very best experiences to our customers. And then also obviously Q4 you have to take into account what I hit on before which is the 25 basis points of pressure from that periodic profit share lapping from last year.
Corie Barry: So from that – what you refer to as merchandising margins perspective, obviously I think you can tell based on my comments around some of the assortment in the mix and driving in computing and home theatre. Yes, that is part of where we saw some of the improvement. To your question about in-home advisor, I’ll give a little color and if Hubert would like to add any, he’s more than welcome. So obviously we noted that we’re at least rolling out to one more market. It’s still very early and a test like this obviously it takes time not just from an understanding results perspective, but also just from a learning for us expertise training and ensuring we have seamless hand off between our stores and the in-home experience. And so we are really working hard to ensure that we understand all those operational components. We like the experiences we’re learning about in the home. It reinforces I think for us this idea that there’s a lot of technology. It continues to evolve very rapidly, but there is confusion once people have it in their homes in terms of not just how to use it, this isn’t just about broken, it’s also about how do I do the most with it and actually understand how to take it to the next level and then when I’m comfortable doing the most with it, I’m often more likely to investigate and play with more things in my home. So we like the things that we’re learning. You can tell we’re taking a very measured approach to making sure that if we’re going to do this we do it right and we have a lot of confidence in the value prop. That being said at this point, the teams are incredibly focused on delivering holiday and all of the intricacies that go with that. And so we’ll continue to learn and then we’ll obviously update you as we head into next year.
