Corie Barry: Sure. Absolutely, Matt. So, when we're talking about erosion, what we're looking at, we kind of broke it up into three buckets actually when we talked about it. We talked about price overrides in the stores, more accurate price matching and better return on clearance pricing. Essentially, that is decisions that we make at the store level to move through inventory for various reasons, clearance obviously makes sense given the nature of clearance items. But above and beyond that, the things like price overrides are decisions that are often made at the store level around price matching or competitive price matching, and we built in a lot more science behind the scenes, when and how to match and how to price that clearance merchandise, so that it moves as fast as you would like it to and you garner the most value out of it as possible. So, this is an excellent example of both corporate and our field employees working together to try and build both science and then processes in the field that help build these efficiencies. And it's a lot of what we've talked about before about these being these really cross-functional efforts to try to pull cost out.
Corie Barry: We've got a couple major things that are happening for sure. Remember, we benefited disproportionately this year from filling in the hole that was left by the lack of a Note device the year prior. We'll still have a little bit of that into this year, but only about a half a year of that, so there is just a hole there. Remember, we also had some of the real product storages last year in Q4 that we lapped this year. We aren't going to have that same lap next year. We had good product availability this year, which we specifically called out. And the other thing we specifically called out was gaming and, in particular, the Switch which launched, as a reminder, last year in Q1. And so now this year we're going to be lapping that full gaming cycle. And so those were big drivers of growth that just by the nature of what they were, you'd expect to decelerate a bit as we head into the next year.
Corie Barry: Sure. So, I'll start with the first part of the one question. But let me take a step back here for a second on incentive comp metrics. These are about annual plans that we set at the beginning of the year. And we reminded you, at the beginning of the year, we set, essentially on a 52-week basis, flat top line, flat bottom line guidance. And we called out on Q3, we expected incentive comp to have a higher impact in Q4. And that was based on the performance we genuinely thought we could see for Q4 at that point. As it relates specifically to the fourth quarter, there were three things that happened that had a disproportionate impact on Q4. First, and I talked about it, the fourth quarter didn't come in as planned last year, as I'm sure you remember, and so we reversed out expense that we had accrued already throughout the year. Second, in the fourth quarter, many metrics came in higher than we'd been accruing for all year this year. Obviously, we outperformed in a lot of different ways. And that meant the fourth quarter expense included amounts that would have been accrued for in earlier quarters if we would have known the whole year was going to perform as well. And then three, the fourth quarter just, in and of itself, was way better than expected. And so when you stack those four things up, the impact to the fourth quarter was just north of $100 million. But to put that in perspective, year-over-year our increase in incentive comp was about $130 million for the whole year. You can see the disproportionate impacts the accrual had on this fourth quarter. That being said, I want to make sure I'm crystal clear that we're really excited to be able to sharing the performance with our associates, and that more than 85,000 people received some – or will receive some portion of this payout. So, I want to make sure that comes across very clearly. To the extent of your second point on leverage and where the leverage point is, I think Hubert said it really well. When we set up for Investor Day, we said we're going to aim for top line growth and then we are going to do what we need to do to reinvest in the business and maintain that flattish operating income rate, but we're going to pick different points to accelerate some of our initiatives or launch some of our initiatives depending on kind of how that top line flows for us. And so it's not as easy as the math of when exactly do you get leverage. It's a question of how quickly we can get legs under a multitude of the initiatives that we talked about from a strategic perspective and how can we deliver on that overall financial equation that we're driving for the growth and then the relative stability in operating income rates. Obviously, a little volatile quarter-to-quarter, but in general a progression toward flat to maybe up just a bit in that op income rate.
Corie Barry: The only thing that I would add is, if you went back and looked at the category drivers for each of the last four quarters, you would see that, of course, we've called out gaming and we've been very explicit. But under gaming, it has been a rotating mix of categories that we've gained share in and that are very reflective of our positioning. Computing has come up multiple times. Home theater has come up. Smart home, as we brought those products to bear, and I think that just underlines what it is Hubert was saying that it's not just things spike when there's product launches. These have been categories that have been called out for quarter after quarter after quarter of excellent performance. And I think that underlies (44:41) the feeling and data and evidence that we have that the strategy is taking hold in terms of the shopping experience.
Corie Barry: All right, Dan. I'll do my best to parse this apart. Let me start with International. In the International business, the gross profit compression is about half services and about half other product things that we called out on the walk. And so it's not all, to be clear, the Total Tech Support offer. I'm going to take one step back, Hubert talked about this a little bit. But remember, we rolled one version in Canada, and that is a monthly-pay version that has various attributes set up with it. We've tested a few different versions here in the U.S. in 200 stores, so a pretty wide breadth in our test. And ultimately, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're going to go with an annual plan that you pay for up front here in the U.S. So, it's a different plan, and we've seen just slightly different results here in the U.S. even than what we saw in Canada. As to Hubert's point, we like the customer demand. We like the customer experience, and so all of that is hanging. The change in the model here is that it's a recurring revenue relationship model. So, you incur more expense up front, right, at the point that someone purchases is they often get value up front, but you're going to amortize and recognize that revenue over time. And so the first year, that creates a little bit of imbalance. But what we really like about it is that as people stay on the plan over time, it becomes much more accretive into the out-years. And so to your question about revenue lift, it's not as much in year one because you have that amortization over time impact, but as you get out into the out-years, years two and three and we start to think about bringing the longer-term strategy to life, this becomes a nice accretive model over time. And it's why we want to start with what is it customers want. We hear they want support and then how do we build that model to give them that across all their devices over time.
Corie Barry: Yeah. So, I'll start. The size of Q4 is massively larger in our online business. And just from a seasonality perspective, this is typically what you see in the seasonality of our online growth. The top-line growth number falls back just a bit. But in terms of the percent of the business, that 20% of the business, that percent of business has continued a pretty steady march quarter to quarter to quarter to quarter. So, there wasn't anything that changed. It's just a little bit of the seasonality of the business. And what's really important and what we like to call out is that conversion was a key driver for us, which means it's not just pushing more traffic to the website that we love to do that, it is once the traffic is there the experience is so much meaningfully better that you're actually converting more customers. And that's why in the examples that we gave you around kind of the natural language search capability, that is – the last thing you want to do is bounce someone away from your website. And what do people do the minute they come to your website? They search and they search using whatever is in their heads. You search for a quiet dishwasher because that's what's important to you. And while that seems really basic, being able to pick up on those natural language cues and then give you assorted list of answers that exactly address your concern, it seems very nuanced. It's a huge deal because the faster I can get someone at the end of the day to that product that they're looking for with the closest match to their natural language request, the more the likelihood they're actually going to flow through on that purchase. And so the examples we gave you are all about that – a real end-to-end customer experience through the website and taking away as much friction as possible when someone comes to visit us.
Corie Barry: Sure. So, I will try to handle those. In terms of the deceleration into Q1, you actually teed up very nicely, Chris. It was a volatile quarter last year, started quite slow, ended quite strong. And so we're thoughtful about that as we try to phase out the quarter. This is less about anything I'm seeing in this exact moment, and it's more about the things I called out in the script. One is the flat-out timing, and we said it, you had $100 million of iPhone revenue that pushed into Q4. And then you also had $100 million associated with the Super Bowl shift that pushed into Q4. So, that means those were things that were disproportionately heavy in Q4 and then would have taken actually revenue out of in the Super Bowl shift example, Q1. So, those are just real and that's about $200 million between those two that isn't comparable between the two quarters. The second is gaming, you called it out, you have to remember Switch launched last year in March. And so we are going to start lapping that and then obviously, you also called out the Galaxy which – always the timing of the launch is just a little bit different. So, those are the biggest thing – and then the last thing I would call out is that some of the general product availability issues we had in Q4 last year eased as we came into Q1. And so you just don't have that same lap that you had in Q1. I would also make sure that I call out, we talked about some of the operating income rate pressures. If you adjust it for that Super Bowl shift and the legal settlement that we had, our operating income rate would be roughly flat year-over-year on that Q1 guide. And so I want to make sure I'm clear about that, that moving that Super Bowl week out of Q1 has a pretty large impact overall both revenue and operating income on the quarter. To your second question on the price erosion, the store teams have been working on this for a while. We said that a disproportionate amount of that actually flowed through straight into Q4. We'll have a little bit going forward, but not nearly as much as I think some of the benefit that we saw out of the back part of last year.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. I think last year we had talked about in Q4 about a $400 million figure that included primarily phones, but it was also activities around appliances with the recall and in general, shortages. And so this year, we're benefiting from anniversarying this. In addition to this, we deliberately invested in better product availability, better in-stock across our channels, so as to be able to meet customer demand. And so it's really the combination of the two factors that were quite helpful.
Hubert Joly: So, I think what we are saying today is very consistent with what we said in September. We have an opportunity rich environment where there is increasing product innovation and the need for help on the part of the customers. And we think that we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of that and we're building all of the enablers to be able to capture these growth opportunities. So, we've provided a fiscal 2021 outlook in terms of revenue and operating income rate, where certainly compared to Renew Blue, in Best Buy 2020, we'll have more focus on growth and building a moat for the company. So, we're becoming more of a growth-oriented company for sure. We're maintaining the premium dividend payer status. Initially, in the last one or two years, we said – we see these opportunities. We said initially you're not going to believe us, give us time to be able to build that and you're finding us on the way in this direction. We're not updating today our fiscal 2021 revenue and operating income numbers because we think it's premature, it's really – we're four months after September, five months after September. We've upgraded the EPS target because of the benefit of tax reform. So, that's a material upgrade. But, yes, we're gradually evolving the status of the company with a very strong focus on playing to win, growing the company on the basis of a company that does extraordinary things for customers. I want the customers – we went from customers that didn't like us, they now like us, I'd like them to love us, and we think that it positions us well from a growth standpoint. We're not changing the capital allocation strategy of premium dividend and return of capital (36:19) today based on the results of our performance. So, that's how I would summarize it, Scot.
Hubert Joly: And maybe if I pile on the basic belief we have. And I think it's very important from an investment thesis standpoint is that down the road, the space we are in is a space where there's going to be outsized return for the winners versus the losers. And this is a time to play to win and build – invest in our growth capabilities, build the moat so that we position ourselves for long-term success in a very significant fashion. So, I think in the short term, the return we're providing to shareholders on the basis of the growth, the EPS growth, the return of capital we're excited about, I hope you share that perspective, and we are also positioning ourselves for long-term success again with the view that there is going to be an increasing difference between winners and losers, and we know what camp we want to be in.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. Thank you, David. Let me distinguish the market and then our growth. The market, in general, is driven by this overall technology innovation we're seeing. In our lives, technology is more and more pervasive. The number of items that are technology enabled in our homes keeps going up. Of course, early adopters play a role there. But the overall market as near as we can tell is really difficult to measure from a hardware standpoint. The overall market seems flattish. What is happening in driving our revenue is actually not so much that, but what we do with it. So, it's the question of how do we take advantage of this. If I take the TV home theater segment, our teams have played a key role working with the vendors on the definition and then introduction of 4K technology. And I remember there was a debate one or two years ago about at some point, will Best Buy surrender market share to the mass channel. So, I'm going to paraphrase a famous politician, we will never surrender. And what we are seeing is that because of the continued innovation and the way we are able to merchandise both online, in the stores, support customers, we're continuing to get market share. And so there can be a notion of these fast cycles and sometime it's true. The tablets went up quickly and then down. But if you take the TV category or the computing category or the smart home category, there's continuous innovation, so it's not an up and then down. And then we are able to gradually gain share over time. We do have a focus from a customer standpoint on a segment, which we call the high-touch tech fans, so people who like technology and need help with us, good news is that's a lot of us, it's not just early adopters. And that's how we take advantage of this. So, I hope it helps because that's still – a core to the strategy we're pursuing is take advantage of the assets we have to help customers and expand our business on that basis.
Hubert Joly: Yeah. Thank you, Greg. I think your characterization of the annual tax savings is absolutely in the ballpark. In terms of how we are using that, we're not providing a breakdown. What is exciting, I think, is that we're able to have every one of our stakeholders benefit from this. So, clearly, we're investing in the employees of the company. We've talked about investments in additional benefits in specialty labor. We'll continue – skills and talent is key to our winning in this space, so we'll continue to invest in that. We're investing in the customer experience and all of the enablers and then, of course, the shareholders are benefiting as well. What I particularly find exciting is that while we are clearly accelerating our investments, we are able to maintain, on a comparable basis, a flat OI rate. And so it was a lot of debate actually throughout the country of how much investments-related tax savings would actually deteriorate the operating income rate. In our case, we're able to accelerate the investments, do what we need and maintain the OI rate. How is that possible? Because of the efficiencies we're driving throughout the business and, of course, the return from these investments. So, we're not providing a detailed breakdown. I think some of the estimates you had were correct. But what I want to highlight is that despite the acceleration of investments, we're maintaining a flat OI rate. We're not deteriorating the OI rate in this phase of accelerated investments.
Hubert Joly: Let me quickly add two or three things. One, with this growth rate of 18%, we believe we're getting market share online. Number two, what matters to us and probably to our investors is the overall growth rate of the company. Number three, if you do the math, you would conclude that in Q4 and for the full year, on a four-wall basis, so excluding in-store pickup and ship from store, are (57:51) stores at a very nice comp both for the full year and in Q4.
Hubert Joly: Very good. I'm conscious of time. I want to thank all of you for your attention, your support and your kind words. It's true that this is an exciting time at the company. We see the opportunities ahead. I want to make sure I do a good job of giving credit to our associates who are delivering amazing performance for our customers. You guys rock. Have a good day. Thank you.
