Brian J. Dunn: Thanks, Jim. And now I get the pleasure to introduce Bob Willett, the leader of our information systems, supply chain, and international strategy. Bob is retiring from Best Buy at the end of this month and I've asked him to provide his view on our international business with a lens not only on this past quarter but also with an eye towards the future.  Bob. 
Brian J. Dunn: Thank you, Bob. I am so glad you are going to have that ringside seat. And I should also note where Bob referred to Great Britain as a service desert, we thought that that was a service dessert. However, I do want to add my personal congratulations to you, Bob, and my deep, profound thanks on behalf of the 168,000 men and women of Best Buy and our brands. I want to thank you for your energy, your creativity, your tenacity, and your commitment to making this enterprise a better place every single day, so thank you very much and congratulations on your well-earned retirement which I am sure will last a month.  And finally, before we open it up to Q&A, I want to offer my sincere wish to everyone listening for a warm and wonderful holiday. Happy Hanukkah, Joyous Kwanza, Merry Christmas and a prosperous New Year.  And with that, we are ready to take your questions. 
Brian J. Dunn: You correctly called out that we are able to predict a number of those things, like vendor support last year. One of the positive surprises, although it shows up in margin rate pressure, is the continued sort of extraordinary growth in our computing space and our rapid, continued rapid growth in share in computing. So while it shows up as a margin rate issue, we are actually very pleased that customers continue to gravitate to Best Buy to make that connection with their computing, specifically around netbooks and notebooks. 
Brian J. Dunn: To reiterate Jim's point, we are not in a position to give you new guidance. But we announced today our 16th consecutive quarter of share gains. We have no intention of remediating those gains and we in fact have every intention of continuing to grow our business and our share. 
James L. Muehlbauer: It's principally mix, you're right. We've talked at the Q4 last year and during our last quarter call about the challenge of lapping the margin performance we saw in Q4 of last year. For context, our domestic business gross margins in Q4 of last year were up 40 basis points, so we knew that was going to provide a headwind. That's not new news but as my roadmap, where we finished Q3 and what we are seeing Q4 is, certainly it's going to be kind of a sequential phenomenon lapping those back year vendor monies.  More importantly, as you called out, and we called out in the script, we are -- and we are very happy that we are going to drive more sales in the quarter than we originally anticipated and those sales are going to come in categories like computers and opening price point televisions that have been strong during Q4 and we anticipate being strong in the -- I'm sorry, in Q3 and we anticipate being strong in Q4 as well.  So the margin dollars in the business in the quarter are higher than we anticipated. They are just coming in spaces that have lower overall rates. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Gary, you're right -- we're not in a position that we are going to provide guidance but I think if you go back to the conversations we've had all year long, we saw an extraordinary opportunity going into this year to capitalize on the strengths of the Best Buy model, not only the products that we have across a wide spectrum of CE but also mirroring that to the services capabilities and really focusing that on the connected world.  So we purposefully set out this year to grow our business profitably and gain market share, which was an extraordinary opportunity for us this year. 
James L. Muehlbauer: The structural model in China obviously operates at a much lower gross margin rate. It also operates at a much lower SG&A rate overall, so from a percentage standpoint, the drag is coming from China. The propensity of the dollars of course is both in Europe and in Canada. 
James L. Muehlbauer: It's principally driven by the higher incremental sales expected in those categories. We have seen stronger growth in the categories overall but I'd say the principal drivers are the ones we called out in the release. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Great memory, Scot. For context, last year I recall a reported comp in November was I think roughly negative 8% for the domestic business. This year, our reported comp as Brian mentioned is 8.4. Last year's number was deceiving because it was based on a period two years ago where we had an extra week in November. So as I look at the real comp last year, I think we quoted that it was probably more in the range of roughly flat in the month of November for our domestic business.  So to simplify, on an adjusted basis, last year's comp was about flat; this year's plus 8 in November. 
James L. Muehlbauer: So why don’t I take the front-end piece around what we expect to see sequentially in the margins from Q3 to Q4 and then I'll turn it over to Shari and Mike maybe can talk about how the model is evolving into next year.  So as I look sequentially from Q3 to Q4, where I see that margin change coming from is primarily in mix. And if I just look from a run-rate standpoint, if we're down 30 basis points domestically in Q3 and we are going to be down 80 to 100 in Q4, I'd put 75% of that change in the volume camp around higher sales of notebooks and entry price point TVs, Q3 versus Q4. I'd put the balance of the 25% in anniversarying the unique buying opportunities we had last year. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, all year long, Colin, it's actually been improving. I think the teams have done a good job overall of bundling those services along with those units. As Mike mentioned, we are mixing into some lower price point units in that space but in the home office category, which includes certainly mobile phones and the notebook and computing business, we've seen improvements in rates in total. 
Mike Vitelli: And looking at the categories and how they are moving and how that impacts us as we go forward, very consciously as we went into this year, we made a decision that when we historically had looked at managing our mix at different price points in computing and television, that we were aggressively going to go out and try to sell units at all of the price bands. And we've been enormously successful at that. The increases in units in both of those two categories year over year has been growing by quarter, growth in each of the unit bases. We look at that as a tremendous opportunity for us to increase our ability to actually connect those units now that we've got those tens of millions in each category. We are getting improvements there now. We are doing some tests in areas in television where we are connecting people to digital cable and digital satellite and those rates are increasing, so the probability of us having more connected TVs next year than this year is something we are confident in.  A majority of TVs at the high-end next year are going to have Internet connection capability, so the ability for us to bring broadband out of the computer department and into the home department is a unique opportunity for us and to help consumers be able to get their Internet connection to their television, which is usually not a thought most people have today. And the millions of computers that we are selling, we believe there's an enormous opportunity for us to bring mobile broadband to those computers as people want to surf and connect away from their desk and away from their home office and even away from their couch. But literally as they are moving around the city and the country.  We think those two opportunities are what lie ahead of us next year in those areas, in addition to the increasing business that we see continuing to grow in smartphones, which is the third screen of that triangle. 
Mike Vitelli: We are certainly not going to hold back on innovation but it's always -- it's a portfolio, it's a balancing act. You are going to see us maintain the discipline that you have seen from us over the last years around capital and capital allocation and the return we are looking for from our capital but you are also going to see us invest in innovation where we think it can be meaningful for the customer and where our employees lead us to. So I would not interpret our approach -- look for us to be efficient and effective and you should look for us to continue to innovate around the customer and his or her needs. 
Mike Vitelli: They have higher margins than comparable products that we would buy from third parties -- from other vendors. So if we were buying the same product, meaning its specs and its size, in the same price band from a vendor of any name, the margins are higher. But an entry level Insignia TV is going to have a different price point than a high-end LED TV from Samsung. 
Mike Vitelli: Thank you. We are thrilled again with the unit increases we are seeing in television. Part of that is offset -- as Jim said earlier, we had low double-digit comps in television. We had mid-double-digit comps in units. That's offset by about a 17% decrease in average selling price. What we also look at is dollars per inch, which is when you look at all the different machinations of that, that's down about 22% versus last year. It was running about minus 17, so the price per inch was accelerating the decline as the largest screen sizes started to come down, made them more affordable. That's why we believe our units are growing. So we are pleased with that and we actually see our average screen size and our ASP going up and both of those are higher than the industry averages based upon the assortment that we have and the way that our overall personnel plus Geek can make buying a large TV a much simpler and more pleasant and fulfilled experience.  As we go into next year, I think you are 100% right -- what we are seeing is each year, the industry strives to bring something new that brings some excitement and some profitability into the category. A few years ago, it was flat panel TV and plasma. Then it turned into okay, we are going to have full HD and everything was 1080p. This year it's LED and faster refresh rates. Next year, as you mentioned, it's going to be 3D -- that's going to be a significant increase. I'm hoping James Cameron's movie when it opens Friday is an outstanding success and hundreds of millions of people see it.  I think there are continuing things that we have seen on the horizon that continue to make the home theatre experience exciting and an opportunity for us. 
Mike Vitelli: We don’t have a specific number yet. We are still in those discussions. Every manufacturer has got something exciting and we will be finalizing our assortments in the next couple of months. 
