Hubert Joly: Anthony, thank you for your very kind comments. I’m going to have Corie talk about the forward-looking statements.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you. Online continues to be an area of growth. It’s been a key area of focus for us since we first launched Renew Blue. So, much of the customer experience has been starting online. So, what we’re seeing today is a continued effect of the cumulative investments we’ve made in simplifying and streamlining the customer experience. There is a lot of details that you do to tweak and eliminate the frictions in logging and checkout every step in the journey. And then, the drive times also have been pretty strong for us in the months of July. We have Black Friday in July event that was quite strong. The Prime Day was also quite strong for us, as well as our teams mobilized around these drive times. So, continued momentum, and we imagine that --we’re working to continue to drive these results knowing that our online strategy is not just about the online channel [indiscernible] and then there is the synergies between the two channels where we’re uniquely positioned to help the customers in a unique way. So, you will see us continue to invest as a priority in digital and in general. As it relates to services, the services line in our comps is one of the hardest to track, in particular because of the way the accounting works for the extended warranties. And so, there is a difference between product sales numbers and the GAAP numbers. This is probably too much detail but there are all sorts of difference. Point of sales number is actually better than the GAAP number, and we’ll be happy to provide any kind of offline tutorial on that. The other thing that’s driving services, and again we’ll have to talk about it during the investor day, we’re shifting the business in services. Historically, a big part of our services revenue were the extended warranties. And they provide a very meaningful service to customers. I myself recently bought a dishwasher and I benefited from the service. But, we are focused on innovating in the service arena, in particular around what we tech support where we support all of the customers -- all of the products that customer has in their home through an ongoing subscription service. The revenue recognition of this is different. You don’t recognize all of the revenue upfront; you recognize it over time. And as you know, we’ve rolled out this service in Canada and we are piloting it in U.S. This will have an effect; it’s purely GAAP versus cash flow. So, the cash flow doesn’t change, but it has an impact as well. So, these are some of the puts and takes. It’s harder to read than we would like. But, we continue to believe, generally speaking, that technical services as well as what we call, managed services or solutions like what we have with have Best Buy Smart Home powered by Vivint; recurring revenue drivers will be a good contributor to our future.
Hubert Joly: Good morning, Kate. We’ve not talked publicly about the list on the stores in the various pilots there have been different approaches in terms of the density of the in-home advisors. So, in some markets we had one in-home advisor per store; in other markets, it was one per several stores. What is very encouraging is that every incremental IHA we have is actually providing a great customer experience and then, [indiscernible] themselves very nicely, immediately and then over time. As we deploy this program next month in September, this will be available nationwide. We’ll have a number of IHAs across the country and we’ll talk about it next month. We then will pace ourselves to see how many we add over time. There is an internal debate at the companies how big is this going to be. The good thing about this is that individually they are profitable and then this is a case where supply creates demand. So, at this point, I’m not going to give you today the elements to model this, but this is incrementally positive. And the big question is how many in the end will we have because the impact on the business is different if it is 250 in-home advisors nationwide versus 1,000 or more, and we’ll know this only after ramping this up. This will be a gradual ramp up of the number of IHAs, in-home advisors over time. The summary today is it’s a great customer experience, very exciting job opportunities for the associates, because it’s a professional sales career and we like the economics.
Hubert Joly: Kate, thank you. Yes, we’re very excited about continuing to partner with some of the world’s foremost tech companies and in particular in the smartphone area and in particular around the voice. In case of Google and Amazon, these are Best Buy associates; there is no vendor labor and there is both Blue Shirt -- dedicated Blue Shirts especially trained with demos in the stores. It’s a good opportunity to really understand what you can do with these products, and then of course the Geek Squad able to install setup and support. So, great customer experience by Best Buy employees.
Hubert Joly: Yes. So, we’ll talk about the strategy, and the best outlook we can give you next month. But at the highest level, consistent with what we’ve said before, as we go into Best Buy 2020, as we assess the opportunity we have to increase the gap with competition, the opportunity we have to play to win, we feel that number one priority in this phase is to see how we can gradually accelerate our revenue growth. We’ve laid out the economic equation we’re trying to solve. We continue to be committed to efficiencies, so that we can fund investments. We do not see at this point, driving the profit margin rate, the operating income rate as a priority. We think that this is a time -- it would not be realistic in this environment to assert this. We think that we’re proud of the fact that operating income rate in fact has been increasing over the last little while and continues to increase this quarter. But we don’t see it as a strategic priority to drive profit margin rate, we see it as a priority to increase the differentiation from a customer experience, drive the top-line growth, play-to-win in a time where I think the separation between winners and losers becomes increasingly clear. So, from a long-term perspective, that’s how we are thinking. In the short-term, you’ve seen us be very responsible. We’re not going overboard where we’re pacing ourselves. And when we see that things are going well, we tend to accelerate our investments. So, that’s how we are thinking about it; more to come next month.
Hubert Joly: So, on the customer base, the Best Buy customer, our target customer, we’ve talked about this, is a -- we call them the high touch tech fans. These are people who are passionate about technology and need a bit of help with us and that includes many of us. Incidentally, many of them are millennials. In fact, half of that target customer segment is millennials and we tend to do well with millennials. Our penetration of millennials is actually higher than some of the other demographics. So, the typical customer for the smart home, I don’t think varies significantly from the rest of the store. One of the things we’re excited about from the trend standpoint is the fact that the millennials are finally leaving their parents’ home and investing in their new home. And of course because they are more digitally savvy, they tend to spend more. So that’s one of the positive trends and opportunities that we can think about, which is also exciting as it -- stores with the merchandising solution and the partnerships, we’ve talked about, provide a unique opportunity to get help, because there is a lot of device proliferation in that space and finding out what to buy, what is compatible, what works together, what use cases that’s Best Buy is a great designation. In fact, I would assert the best destination in the country where you can get that advice. So, again, there is opportunity, typical customer, excited about the trends, in particular surrounding the millennials and a great destination for these customers.
Hubert Joly: So, I’m going to start and Corie can amplify it. One of the things that has been a key factor for us, and it’s always harder to predict what’s there happen, but to what that is driving the business is the fact that the computing category has seen meaningful product innovation in the last several quarters in large part driven by the great collaboration that our merchant teams have with the key vendors, in particular in the Windows environment. There was recently, I think maybe two weeks ago by the way sort of product reviews in the Wall Street Journal where the gentlemen highlighting the excitement about these new products, there’s been the creation of a premium category for laptops in particular with features and functionalities that people love. This is a great example of innovation combined with a great shopping experience driving demand, and then us doing quite well in that context with the ability to provide help and service and advice to customers. So, to your point, yes, we’re not going to go into guidance for next year. But, this is a great example of product innovation and vendor partnerships, and the great customer experience in the stores and online driving the revenue performance.
Hubert Joly: Yes, I think -- to be clear, from a revenue standpoint, we’re going to continue to see the vast majority of our revenues coming from products. And in some cases, the service approach we offer actually produces no immediate service revenue. If I take the In-Home Advisor program which you could say is a kind of service or it’s a consultative service, that’s a free value proposition that does not therefore generate immediate service revenue, that generates product revenue and then service revenue in the form of installation and then support. But bear in mind that the vast majority of our revenue is going to continue to be products. Where we play really with these approaches is when there is complexity. So, we tend to do really well when we’re dealing with complex systems, large cube, high touch solutions where if you need to design a smart home solution, if you need to design a music streaming solution throughout your home, as I was explaining, that tends to be a forte, either because of our in-home channel, particularly well positioned to do this or in the stores, the great place for discovery, support and service and advice. So, at this point, I would leave it at this, but continued to focus on products and striving when -- it’s a matter of helping customers and helping them imagine what’s possible and then making it happen for them.
Hubert Joly: I think that our view of the store portfolio has been very consistent since we began. We have a great store footprint, great locations throughout the U.S.; the vast, vast majority of our stores are profitable. And we’ve always said that we would have a gradual optimization of the store footprint. Instantly, when we grow online revenue, we don’t see it as a great way to close stores, we’re not excited about closing stores. In fact, our focus is on growing the Company across the various touch points. Some of the online growth is cannibalistic, some of it is not. And so, we’re here to drive this. We’ll provide -- Corie will provide the latest thinking on the store portfolio at the Investor Day but this is -- since the beginning, it’s not being the store shrinking strategy this has been a customer focus, how can we help you to get a great customer experience strategy.
Hubert Joly: Yes. So, today, we are in five markets; next month, we’ll be in all major cities throughout the U.S. To your point, the way that people have learned about this service today other than listening to our investor calls has been through the in-store experience. So, typically, what will happen is that as the customer goes into the stores and having a conversation with an associate, the associates says or feels given what you are trying to accomplish might be easier, if we send somebody to your home to have a better conversation about, what’s you’re trying to accomplish and then what’s possible. And then, there is a referral to the in-home associate or advisor that then goes to the home. As we run this up, we will ramp up the awareness building activities. So, the customers will be made aware of this on our own vehicles of the sites and emails and any other vehicle we choose to use. We expect also that word of mouth is going to work very nicely. In the Orlando markets, there is one of the in-home advisors, Jessica has built a reputation for ourselves in one of the communities there, and neighbors talk about her and are queuing up to get her service. So, word of mouth is a great example. And then as the recurring lifelong relationships you build, this is a situation where supply creates demands and over time you are going to build this. So, we’re going pace our way into this but that’s where we are today.
Hubert Joly: Thank you so much and thank you all. In closing, of course we look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on September 19th here in Minnesota, great time of the year to visit. We thank you for your continued support and interest. And of course we at Best Buy here are especially thankful to our employees across the U.S., Canada and Mexico that made these results possible and are working hard to build the New Blue. Thank you again and have a great day. See you soon.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, let’s start with what kind of all came together in Q2 and what really performed. If you look at really where we saw some changes in trajectory, we had a couple of things happen. One, the NPD tracked categories, which again represent about little over 60% of our business, were up 1.1% versus down 3.2% in Q1. And particularly, there we saw strength in computing, which accelerated across the industry as well as slightly less bad results in tablets, if that makes sense. We saw that trajectory change on us. It still was a drainer, but it wasn’t quite as bad as what we’ve seen in Q1. On top of that, we also said we saw some strength in wearables which is not an NPD, and we saw, to your point, some strength in the mobile business. And really, a lot of that was around some of the offers that were specific to Best Buy and some of just the underlying strengths, not just the new launches but in some of the older generations of phones as well. We offered our customers choice across a myriad of price points and different releases. As we look forward into Q3, we definitely would expect some of that trajectory to continue in mobile. And remember, the biggest change year-over-year in mobile is the fact that we believe there’s going to be a note, and that that will fill the hole that we had last year, and that maybe some of those other massive trajectory changes might abate just a bit as we head into Q3, and we have more interest likely on some of the new handheld devices.
Corie Barry: So, thank you for the question. Q4 -- so, let’s just start first of all with the nature of Q4. Q4 obviously is not necessarily comparable to our other quarters. You’ve seen that even in our prior year. We’re happy that we were able to raise and now expect growth of approximately 2% across Q3 and Q4. So, we like that. The trick about Q4 is you can’t always carry the trends of the business forward into Q4 and it’s a highly competitive quarter. Obviously, there is still a lot of unknowns around launches and availabilities. And so, right now, based on the information we have in front of us, we felt like, the Q4 was well positioned, we do still feel like it’s still open at the hole that was left by the notes and we feel like it carries some level of mobile strength forward but accounts for just the changing dynamic of how sales flow in the quarter, given the highly promotional nature and competitive nature of the quarter.
Corie Barry: Thank you for the question. We feel like we’re performing quite well in the switch, in particular that’s what’s driving the gaming category right now. We were happy with our performance over the quarter. We felt like we were well positioned, had good allocations, performed slightly better than we thought. That being said, obviously, we didn’t list it as one of our largest comp -- weighted comp drivers, so it’s good, and we like the change in the trajectory still given like Hubert said, we saw strength across a multitude of categories. And so, we like the switch right now. And again, as you think about what changes in Q4, I think you have to recognize the competitiveness around gaming hardware in particular and whether or not this kind of growth rate continues through Q4 broadly.
Corie Barry: I would just build just a little bit on what you said. I think we’ve said it before. You’re going to see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter because as exactly Hubert stated, you’re not going to see the perfect timing between the investments and the return on those investments. That being said, we’ve also said out loud, we would expect the increases in operating margins to moderate over time. And, I think in general, everyone would want that as we reinvest into the business and make sure we remain competitive and remain differentiated in the marketplace. And so, we’ll try to kind of guide you through what we think the puts and takes are going be on any given quarter. But broadly, I think we would expect the operating margin, just large increases that you’ve been seeing, moderate. And we even had said that last quarter.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, we’re not going to provide the long-term forward-looking guidance right now, but suffice it to say, we’re trying to make the best possible current decisions, given the climates that we’re operating in, to invest in those things that we think will help us next year and the year after and return as quickly as possible. And so, wherever we think we can and we think we have the right business case, we’re trying to pull those forward. And it’s evolving, frankly, every week as we were more about some of the pilots and initiatives that we’ve talked to you about.
Corie Barry: Yes, absolutely, great question. So, the mix difference is between store and e-com, really not quite as pronounced as they historically were but there are obviously some key categories that are pre-underpenetrated online. I would use mobile as an example, where we are continually working on evolving our mobile experience. But so much of what you need to do or want to do to transfer data and understand your phone is much more of a physical experience than it is an easy digital one. We tend to still over-index in some of what you would consider smaller cube, overseeing nice growth in some of the areas where people get more and more comfortable around large cubes. So, that the mix isn’t quite as different as it used to be but there are definitely some underpenetrated areas like mobile that creates a difference in the product assortment. In terms of profitability, and we’ve talked about this before. Obviously, the biggest profitability difference between the two channels for us is around services and accessories, and a bit of a different profile online versus in-store. So, I don’t consider that just natural product that’s a bit of like the other things you need to complete your solutions. But, the teams have done a really exceptional job working on that customer experience in a very frictionless way online, but also letting people know what it is they need in addition to their product purchase, so just make the stuff work when they get home. And so, what’s happened is while we mixed into the business and that does put some pressure on the margins, the teams have done a nice job improving the rates in the channel. And so kind of the mix rate at the end of the day is shaking out to be way less impactful than I think some others are seeing in the space. 
Corie Barry: So, on the investment side of things, we’re not going to put every detail on the table, because we think some of them are pretty strategic in nature. But in general, think about this as on the supply chain side, us continuing to evolve our supply chain infrastructure strategically to enable obviously faster shipping when the customer wants and expects it. And so, we’re putting some work behind the scenes on how do we need to continue to evolve both our partnerships and just our infrastructure to enable speed and choice when the customer wants it. But because as much in CE, [ph] it’s much about choice and making sure that you’re there and you feel comfortable about your product, potentially sitting on your front porch, if you’re not there to receive it. On the cost reduction side, and the buckets that we’re seeing there, we’d hit on last time how we’re really working hard to make this next round of cost reduction a little bit more about process and process improvements. And some of the places that we’re actually seeing this last 50 million are around -- and they’re actually some things that we’ve talked about before, returning, replacements and damages and more things through -- particularly some of our recycling programs. We’ve seen some nice improvements internationally from our business in Canada where they’ve done some of the same work that we’ve started here in the U.S. And we’ve actually seen some other nice benefits from optimization in areas like marketing and some other areas where we’re using some of this process to help pull out cost and at the same time allow us to reinvest.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, like I said in the prepared remarks, we saw similar to Q1 performance across the industry. I think what changed a little bit is that we definitely, industry-wide, saw units down and ASPs up a bit. And for us, what we liked is again our positioning in the marketplace, as we’re able to cater to a little bit more of that premium assortment and some of the more branded products and the higher end tiers. But the industry numbers that we saw were actually very similar to Q1, just a bit of a difference in composition as we saw a little bit more softness in units industry-wide and a little bit better ASPs.
Corie Barry: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think in terms of what happened in Q2, it actually was very much in line with what we expected. Ticked down a bit enterprise wide but flat domestically. And that was while we lapped just over 10 basis points of impact from the AIG profit sharing the year prior. If you look back at the prepared remarks, here a couple of things changed. One, the wearables category really performed well for us. And we’re very pleased with that, but it has a bit of a lower margin profile and therefore the mix had an impact on the business. And in general, we had said, we expected some of the massive GP increases that we had been seeing over time, to start to moderate. And that’s a little bit of what we saw. So, there wasn’t -- I wouldn’t characterize it as anything really unusual in the gross profit. And in terms of how we think about that going forward. Obviously, we’re lapping even larger AIG profit sharings in Q3, but we’d expect kind of the same general flattish type of margin performance, gross profit performance in Q3 as we saw in Q2 with kind of similar continuing product composition.
Corie Barry: So, I’ll try to hit on it a couple of things. One, obviously, we’re assuming there are phone launches, we’re assuming there is a Note launch and that that phone is a viable phone for the back half. We’re assuming there is an iPhone 8 launch and that is also a viable phone for the back half. And obviously, we have to kind of draw the line in the sand in terms of when we think those things are launching but we’ve made assumptions based on the best information possible. In terms of the TV category, we’re assuming the industry performance continues on a similar trajectory that we’ve been seeing. So, we baked that in. Obviously, again, the holiday season being a little trickier, we’re doing the best we can to project both our own and our competitors’ positioning. But, we’re assuming that also continues. And then, I touched gaming little bit earlier, expecting potentially a little bit of moderation. And just remember, gaming becomes a smaller part of our business, percent of our business as we head into Q4; it’s a highly competitive part of the environment. And so, again, we’re trying to take our best account of where we think we’ll be positioned, where our competitors will and we’re pushing that forward also into the back half.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, I think there are a lot of pieces that play in mobile. Some of it is absolutely, as you’re alluding to, is just the evolution of the category of a more mature category, definitely with installment billing, people realize just how much their phone costs and in some cases are sweating assets or thinking about different ways to buy phones. You have phones that are also just offering forms and features that used to be supplied by accessories, things like submersibility in water or glass that is much less breakable. And so, I think you’ve seen us talking about mobile actually as gross profit rate is attractive for a few quarter now and a lot of those different dynamics at play in the margin profile. That being said, it’s still a fantastic category for us. And obviously, there is still a lot of consumer interest in it. And to what you’ve been talking at, a lot of launches yet in front of us. And so, while the profit rates of the category have seen some pressure, as frankly you’d expect for any category as it matures to this level, overarchingly we still really like the business.
Corie Barry: In general, I would expect this to continue to be a category where we’re going to see some profit rate pressure. And we’ve actually baked that into the guidance that we gave you today. 
Corie Barry: And again, keep in mind, we always try to remind people so much of what we do online is enabled by the stores with 50% of it either picked up in or shipped from a store. And so, the goal at the end of the day is to make the store as productive as possible, not closing.
