Mike Mohan: Yes. Thanks, Matt. And Greg, thanks for the question. And maybe, just a little bit of backdrop. Before the pandemic started, we were dealing with the tariff situation from last year. And so, our teams have been working tirelessly around countries of origin and are sourcing from all of our partners. I felt really good as we entered the year as to where we were from an inventory position. Some of the categories that saw the demand spike, freezer saw demand spike, some network equipment saw demand spike, some of the computing products, monitors. Things that you would actually need to work more from home or learn from home were the ones that got constrained and the ones that we’re working the fastest to be back in stock. Based on what we have visibility to and work with our top partners, we feel really good about our inventory position from here going through the balance of the quarter. We now have to plan back to school during the pandemic, which is also new to all of us too. But, I feel good where we're at with the work with our partners.
Mike Mohan: Hey. Curtis, this is Mike. I’ll start and Matt or Corie can chime in. We look at the customer demand signals all the time. And what I think is interesting during this pandemic, the idea of we’re trying to play and I'm going specific to health, we've always had an insight that acknowledges we’re playing a strong role in helping enrich people's lives, and I was at a predisposition around acquisition of GreatCall, how we thought about that space. And people are really thinking about what else they should or could be doing at home. Things in that space definitely have propped. It’s still a small business for us. But that's why we got into the fitness category last year, because that has been significantly in their demand. But, then things oxygen sensors, thermometers and things that you would want to do to just to check and maintain your health becoming more important because those devices, while they serve a need are now starting to check other things consumers are highly interested in, which I think bodes extremely well for Best Buy. The gaming resurgence was a bit of a surprise, I'll be candid. Everyone had thought that gaming category was going to wait for this fall for the new console resets. But clearly, if you have kids at home and you cannot be the best teacher in the world, a substitute has become a Nintendo Switch or an Xbox or Playstation. And that's new demand. And we think that demand will actually be leading to stronger demand as the year progresses with new devices. And the category that I'm intrigued about as we get back to people working with us that we're going into their homes, so we intend to go back into people's homes with IHAs in early June. But as people come to our stores for consultations, is people thinking about how to update the way they prepare food and store it and how they're thinking about entertainment. So, the categories that we're really good at, these complex, highly consultative sales, I think there's some good opportunities in our assortment there. Maybe more curated but also serving customers’ needs more specifically as they look for doing different things.
Mike Mohan: Scot, it's Mike. No, I don't see any change to some of the known parts of everyday. There's lots of things that even we don't know. But, we made a statement in the script. We think innovation is going to accelerate. There are some product categories in the ways that things come to light that I think are meaningful. I mean, literally four months ago, most people who had front-facing video camera on their laptop was putting a piece of paper over it. And now you need a higher resolution camera, and better set of speakers and microphone because you need to be more productive and doing video conferencing. So, I'm actually pretty excited about maybe some additional innovation or some product revs that we could help accelerate and commercialize and bring to market.
Mike Mohan: The only thing I'd add Jonathan is during the timeframe a couple of the mass channel retailers were open. So, from an assortment and a comparability standpoint, consumers didn't have a wholesome shopping experience. There's a couple of examples where on constrained products, there probably was some ASP erosion based on the fact that all you had were lower price items. And that sometimes is very temporary where somebody would trade down, but that's not indicative of a long-term trend in any way, shape or form. The best example is having consultations back in place for the some hundred stores, and the interest level we're seeing for consumers in some of our more complex categories.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. I think it's a balance to answer that question. We clearly reduced inventory to match the sales trajectory, but we also wanted to make sure we're finding the inventory for the products that were in high demand, like computing. And so, you tend to look for areas that aren’t -- where the trajectory is not as high, and you right size as much as you can and continue to find the products that are in high demand. So, ideally we'd like to have more computing in -- some more inventory in some areas, because we probably could have seen more sales if had -- we had it is the answer.
Matt Bilunas: No. I would say, -- I think just in general too, as we become more proficient in our model and customers are more comfortable as they engage with us. I think there's a general improvement in our execution and just how customers learning how to shop in this new environment.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. I’ll start, and maybe Mike or Corie can jump in. I think, we actually don't believe there was much pull forward into the quarter. I think, if you think about the types of products we were selling, there’s continued sustained demand that we're seeing. I think people's lives have also changed in a way that demand that they probably didn't know they had before, they now have in a new world where technology at home is more important, things like monitors at home that you may not have -- would have bought. So, I think -- we actually think a lot of what we’re seeing or most of what we're seeing is not pull forward as much as it is incremental to an otherwise different situation. 
Matt Bilunas: Sure. Yes, absolutely. I think, the ability to provide another purchasing option for customers is critically important, especially in this very uncertain time for most people. The reality is in this quarter, currently customers can only purchase through lease to own in our stores. And so, it obviously hasn't made that program advanced too much in the quarter. We're still expecting to launch it online this year and I think that’s in July. So, we're still very pleased about the relationships, we're still very excited about the opportunity to provide and extending more financing to more people and the customers that it might attract. But clearly, in a quarter, a bit of a disruption just due to the fact that our stores were closed to foot traffic for half of it.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. I’ll start. And maybe Corie and Mike can jump in. I think where we've tried to cut from a CapEx perspective is mostly around discretionary, non-essential things. And actually, the fact that our stores have been closed to foot traffic for quite a while, I think there's some things that like store remodels don't make as much sense in the middle of what we're dealing with as they would otherwise. So, store remodels have been paused. We've lowered the amount of electronic sign labels that we were going to put in our stores, simply because there's an issue of just when we can actually accomplish that in the year. So, there's more discretionary items that are as essential during this period that we've decided to pull back on. But there's a continuation of strategies because we still believe we are very relevant to the customer and our strategies are very applicable going forward, if not more. So, there's things like automation and just dotcom technology and other things that we are just as passionate as we were before about it. And we will continue to invest where we can to drive and accelerate our strategies.
Matt Bilunas: Yes. Thank you. On the gross margin side channel, so obviously in the quarter, about halfway through, we shifted to filling mostly through -- or actually selling mostly through online channel and fulfilling through our stores in the large percentage of cases. When that happens, if you incur a much higher personal expense, even though a large number of customers are still deciding to come pick up at our stores, and actually our stores are stilling fulfilling a large percent of those products, almost 65% of what's actually happening in the quarter was either picked up at our stores curbside and/or shipped out of our stores. So, with that parcel costs just go up. That's kind of a variable cost of online. It wasn't abnormal with that shift. It was just the normal shift to that channel when it happens. So, we would expect that to continue as we look into Q2. Obviously half of our Q1 was under the old model, then we had -- saw the dramatic increase. We still expect online, as we said, to be significantly higher in Q2, which would means we would incur some additional parcel costs and more gross profit pressure because of it. We have never given on the financing profit share. We've never given the actual number what the profit share is. We did discuss or say that it was 20 basis points of pressure in Q1. I think, we also believe it will be a pressure in Q2. I would expect it to be pretty consistent, if not, maybe a little bit more in Q2, as you look forward. Hard to know how that plays out for the whole year because a big part of this has to do with the macro and unemployment, and we are -- little too early to tell how much that actually is going to be an impact for the year. But we would expect it to be a pressure.
Corie Barry: So, I’ll try to give a little color on both TTS and IHA. So, we talked about it a bit in the script. We did definitely see some usage, but the majority of it was remote or via chats and call, because obviously you couldn't come into the stores and we couldn't go into your homes. And so, not only were we constrained by a bit of what you're talking about, Karen, which is you can only put so much to your home office together, we were also just constrained by the way we were operating. And I think we've talked about this before, this severe of a channel shift makes service sales harder than when we have our stores open and when we have a chance to provide that service. We are definitely seeing pent-up demand as we start to open up our stores to the appointment model. Many of the appointments being made are people who want to come in and bring, especially as you can imagine home office or phone products in for us to help take care of them. And we can also see as we're going back into people's homes where the demand and request for us to come to their homes to fix things like refrigerators, laundry, that has been very high. And so, I think there is definitely pent-up demand there as we’re heading into Q2 and the team is finding new ways to serve that. On the IHA side of things, it was very interesting. The team across all of our in-home businesses has been very flexibly trying to serve customers, either digitally, phone, chat, any way that they can. They moved -- IHA moved to digital consultations in mid-March. Our IHAs are also helping with this really heavy volume of inbound sales calls and chats, and they are also helping with the new in-store consultation model. Before you come to the store, we actually have a pre-call. And our In-Home Advisors in some cases are helping with that pre-call because we can really figure out what it is that a customer needs. I will say, if I just were to give a couple data points, in April, we saw our IHA business was actually up. And over 60% of that was coming from chat and digital channel. And that through those channels, those virtual consultations was at a 91 NPS. So, this idea that we can more flexibly use the in-home resources, not just physically in people's homes, but in a more virtual consultative way is really, really interesting and something that I think will be a muscle we can see the flex as we go forward.
Corie Barry: Yes. I will start with, our stores are absolutely an asset, and they have been an asset throughout this. And I’ll just use a data point in April, 65% of what we sold online, which is the vast majority of what we sold, was either pickup curbside or shipped from a store. And so, this asset of the store base is very real. Now, you can imagine what we're discerning is how might the stores look and work differently in the future? And how might they provide a variety of fulfillment options, a variety of service and high touch consultative options, like this opens a lot of doors for how your stores might work differently. And that's where our focus is at this point.
Corie Barry: Yes. I think that’s a really good point I would just lift up. Our teams have done an amazing job on awareness to how to shop. If you go to our website, we have literally a whole site that just walks through all the different ways in which you can interact with Best Buy, and then what's applicable depending on your geography. And you can imagine that's going to take some time for our customers to understand and actually have awareness of all the different ways they can shop Best Buy.
Corie Barry: The only thing that I would add is to build on Karen Short’s question just a little bit. I think the complex, full home office and learning solutions will also continue. I think, people have been piecing together kind of what they can to make it work, as I believe work from home becomes a more sustainable practice. I think, these more fulsome approaches to home office will be really important.
Corie Barry: I think, Mike’s gaming example is the perfect one, meaning that’s not pull forward demand. That’s demand that would not have existed. People would not have bought those gaming consoles. They would have waited for the next generation of consoles to come in December. But because you're in this unique life situation, there's real incremental demand there. And I think that's the perfect example of what we're seeing.
Corie Barry: I’ll start and Mike can pile on. I don't -- we really for the most part have not. Now, back to what Mike said about the need around your home office or the need around learning, when you're purchasing in that very kind of needs-based way, it's less about trying to trade down, it's more about trying to figure out what exactly is going to fulfill the need for you in your home. That's actually we’re seeing in cooking and preparing food at home, we’re seeing it in learning in office at home. And so, I think for us, we're actually right now seeing the demand is across the profile of what we sell, and in fact, in some spaces even higher in some of the higher end computing. I think, one of the things that's selling really well in computing is high computing, that’s gaming computing. In gaming computing, is actually some of the highest end products that we sell. And you can definitely see that people as they get bored in their home are looking for some ways to entertain themselves and have not been looking for the cheapest way to do that.
Corie Barry: We said it on the call, our investment in digital and supply chain automation technologies are a huge part of what allowed us to first move to curbside and then set up appointment based scheduling. Both of those required heavy digital builds behind the scenes in order to make an app as an example ready for a customer to make an appointment or for an employee to be able to see who's in the queue waiting for an appointment. And we believe continued investment in those experiences that are going to deliver choice to customers and continue to deliver with speed are absolutely crucial to maintaining our positioning as the year goes on here.
Corie Barry: No, they're not weaker stories. These are literally for the most part it’s us looking at kind of spread of the virus and our available employee population. In a lot of cases, they are actually some of the bigger stores, on the East Coast you can imagine are some that we've either closed or in a couple of situations we still have some government mandates. But don’t take those 40 as they're underperforming. These are literally 40 that just it makes a lot of sense based on health, safety and government regulations.
Corie Barry: I'm going to start by building on where Mike had left off, on the consumer side of health. And I'm going to think about this writ large, everything from kind of health and fitness, all the way to taking your temperature and blood pressure cuffs. There is significant demand for technology that will help us maintain and monitor our health at home. And we have seen that across the board. And this is just hypothesis. But my personal hypothesis would be back to the point we were talking about earlier, the level of innovation in health at home is only going to accelerate from here. Not just because people want it but also because what you've seen is a change in reimbursement for telehealth at the overarching kind of government level. And so, that combination of things is incredibly powerful on the consumer side. Now, of course, it’s a little tricky there as it relates to specifically our GreatCall devices, the phones, the wearable devices, much of those sales go through our stores. And so, without our stores physically being open, it's little harder to transact that online. So, but in the moment pressure we're feeling is a little bit around our stores not being open. But the potential for devices that are going to keep us connected to our -- especially elderly loved ones right now and also just keep us connected is incredibly high. We hit a little bit on the commercial side in the script. You can imagine there's a great deal of interest around how at a much broader scale we can monitor people's health and take care of them in their homes. If this pandemic has highlighted anything, it is keeping people at home as long as possible, but it's also tracking their vitals, tracking how they're feeling is incredibly important. So, the potential on commercial I think has come to light even faster. And this was our hypothesis that more people would need to have more care in their homes on the back of technology. And I think this has accelerated that hypothesis meaningfully.
Corie Barry: Thank you so much. And with that, I think that ends our call for today. Thank you all so much for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you on our progress again next quarter.
