Sharon McCollam: Yes, I do, Hubert. Thank you. While I remain in advisory capacity through the end of the year, this is my last official call as CFO and as such, I want to take this opportunity to express what an immense privilege it has been to be part of this incredible transformation. With our team of more than 125,000 people, we have worked hand-in-hand to Renew Blue. And today, as I prepare to step down to my current role, and spend more time with my husband and my family, I do so knowing that we have never been as well positioned as we are today to take Best Buy to a new level. I’d like to thank my peers, our corporate and field teams, and in particular, my direct reports for their exceptional contributions that have made this possible. I would also like to thank our Board and you, our shareholders and analysts for your confidence and support. Additionally, I want to publicly congratulate Corie. Corie has been my strategic right-hand partner since I joined Best Buy. With her exceptional financial acumen and deep understanding of Best Buy’s operations, she has been an influential leader over the financial and cost disciplines that have been established across the company over the past several years. She has also a highly respected cross-functional leader and will be an incredible CFO of whom I could not be more proud or confident. So congratulations Corie. And of course, I want to thank Hubert, he is an extraordinary leader and an inspiring business partner and a friend. I will be forever grateful to have had the opportunity to share this journey with you and our entire Best Buy family.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, Hubert, I also want to point out the strategic portfolio that we have at stores because, about a third of our customers still today actually choose to pick their orders up in our stores. So this alignment between the online channel and the ability to let the customer receive their product either through the mail or in our store, but it's more importantly about how they choose to receive it. Additionally, our stores are the magic that go behind our ship from store and our delivery times, which as you know, we’ve created North Star which is Amazon Prime, and with that, our stores are essential to that process. So the store portfolio, while to Hubert's point, we had rationalized the portfolio and we will continue to do so. The stores are also really working hard on a concept which we talked about for a long time which is our value-add. And the stores have a critical role in the growth, not only of our store channel, but the e-com channel and today, the number of orders that are actually being placed in our stores online and that capability, that Hubert talked about capabilities that we’ve been building, we have been making it easier and easier for us to convert a customer where there maybe something that may not be in a store and they want it in the stores, our Blue Shirts are doing a remarkable job of converting that order in the store which turns into an online order. So, from a portfolio standpoint, I think our store portfolio is extremely strategic and we will continue to rationalize it, but quite frankly, it just continues to lift its performance and that’s great news for us.
Sharon McCollam: And just adding to that, Matt, adding to that, it is I think important to note though, that when there were some new product launches in the quarter, we did see an improvement in performance and so that gives us confidence that, as new things, I don’t want to exaggerate that, as new things come to market, we have seen a slight improvement in that in the back half of the quarter.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, Hubert. So, and as you just – remember that as you look towards Q2, we are expecting to see a similar SG&A outcome dollar decline in Q2 as well. Again, that will be investments being offset by the recognition of our Renew Blue phase two cost reductions. But, sequentially, Q2 is always a bigger SG&A quarter for us, because our advertising kicks in to our back-to-school. So, when you are looking at it sequentially quarter-to-quarter, much better to take a look at it, because we do have seasonality in the SG&A, best to look at it year-over-year, but in the Q2 outlook, we are anticipating that SG&A will – at Enterprise level, it’s going to look very similar to Q1 on a year-over-year basis.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, Brad – just take a look at the – on a reported basis the revenue on a constant currency basis, just declined little over 1% and obviously, at the end of March last year, we closed a third of our stores about 60 plus stores. So, when you look at that, you can see the retention is pretty exceptional and the execution of that team has been remarkable.
Sharon McCollam: And, Brad, as a reminder, we talked about when we did the Canadian brand consolidation, which is actually exciting. We have been testing into some work in our stores. We have talked about, there would be a capital investment this year that was when we gave our outlook on CapEx for this year. There was a little more CapEx because we were going to do more work in Canada. We’ve been doing it very methodically testing seeing what works, rolling it very judiciously and what Hubert is speaking to, as we work through the year, is they are going to be periods, especially before holiday while we will be making some of those investments and so, it will be some puts and takes in the next couple quarters around Canada. But there is no question that we are expecting a improvement in their performance.
Sharon McCollam: Yes, we did gain share in television and we’d expect to, based on the premium experience that we have to offer the customer in our store. We continue with the tremendous partnership that we have with Samsung and Sony and LG, et cetera. With our partnerships, we have an exceptional experience in our stores. These are still new technologies for all the customers that are buying new 4K TVs and we are continuing to offer the customer a very, very strong experience and I think that’s differentiating us from others. I also think that as you are looking at these weeks and months as industry data, including even the NPD data, this Super Bowl shift is really a big shift for all of us. So, I think that the conversation gets a little sloppy, because of the Super Bowl shift. So, t that’s just a broad statement for all when you are interpreting all of the results that are coming out, I think that is an issue.
Sharon McCollam: Sure, I’d be happy to. So, our Best Buy mobile stores actually play a very strategic marketing role for us at Best Buy. And we are going to have cycles in mobile ups and downs. These are obviously our smaller stores. But these teams in our mobile stores have some of the highest NPS scores in the entire mobile business, because of the specialty nature of how we can serve our customers in those stores. They also tend to fit in malls versus our big box stores which do not fit in malls. So they play a very interesting strategic marketing role. Now we have said for the last several years that when you are thinking about in modeling our business, you really need to model the big boxes. The mobile stores, our goal for the mobile stores is to make them a colorful marketing customer service vehicle, a convenience place for our customers, but as far as increases in profits over the years et cetera, that is not a modeling that we are doing and we’d certainly wouldn’t want you guys to do that, only to be plus or minus a little, but they are quite small. And as far as the rationalization, we have closed some of the stores, again, very similar to our view on the big box stores. We want to continue to offer to our customers these retail locations where it makes sense. When a store doesn’t make sense, you guys know we have not been shy about closing a few here and there. But at this point, there is no major plan out there to further rationalize that portfolio. I don’t know about you guys, that I love free marketing and the fact that they can pay for themselves and offer our customers such an exceptional experience is a pretty compelling reason to let this fleet run.
Sharon McCollam: Hubert, yes, it really is the way our pattern has been since we’ve been buying shares back. Remember that, we – because of year end earnings releases, there is a period in the middle of the first quarter where we are out of the market until we get our information out there. So we are always going to be a little bit lower probably in the first quarter, you guys can probably expect that, because that’ll be probably be the case and then of course, we are absolutely committed to our $1 billion repurchase over the next couple of years. So, we are all in on that.
Hubert Joly: Yes, thank you, Matt, and good morning. We are very focused on the digital experience for a couple of reasons, one is, the e-commerce channel is growing and two, it’s impacting the entire business. Specifically, to the growth rate in e-commerce, the 24% growth rate is a very good number. It’s really the cumulative effect of the investments we’ve been making in the last three years that are impacting the customer experience. We are shipping faster, that’s a very important point. But if you go on the site and I hope all of you regular shoppers on the site, you know, three years ago we’d have calculated our site as being clunky. Today there is all sorts of good surprises, as you shop, as you research, as you look for information about the products. We’ve made improvements in the quarter, on the checkout process. So, it’s a lot of small changes, both on the site itself and of course, the mobile experience that’s been investing significantly. So really a combination of what’s happening on the site, the shipping experience, we've improved in-store pickup, the experience in the stores. So it's an all out effort. Really the cumulative impact of the investment and improvements we’ve been making over the last three years.
Hubert Joly: Yes, good morning, Matt. The wireless industry market and there is some public information around this, has continued to be quite soft in the quarter as we anniversary a more iconic launch the previous year. So it’s continued to be soft and we continue to believe that significant launches in the back half of the year can revert the trends. So really, very consistent pattern compared to the previous quarter, to be specifically answering your question.
Hubert Joly: Yes, so, computing, we have a very strong position in computing. We’ve in partnership with key vendors we built a superior customer experience we've a place where to shop for computer - we are gaining share and we’ve accelerated our momentum in the quarter compared to the previous quarter, absolutely.
Hubert Joly: Yes, good morning, Brad, and thank you for your question. We are very excited about the changes we have made in Canada. It’s going to take a while before things settle, because year-over-year comparisons are going to be little bit difficult to assess, that sort of with a lot of disruptions in Q1, Q2 and going into Q3. So, but altogether, the decision to consolidate the two brands was very fundamental to our future. As you remember, that these two brands often time, two stores in the same parking lot made it difficult for us to invest in the stores, because many of them were sort of critical mass and so, we have unlocked that. The retention has been materially better than expected and much better than what we are seeing in the US and that’s a strong capability. Probably the reflection on our strong leadership position in the market and the combination of higher retention and closing stores of course, will have a positive impact on the profitability. This is going to be a smaller more profitable business for us, but above and beyond the short-term profit improvement, the long-term commitment with now that we have simplified the business is the ability that we have to invest in the customer experience online, in the stores and in the home. So, that’s what’s it. I don’t know that we’ve given specific numbers on the retention materially, but we can almost do the math, because Canada is the bulk of the international business. We have given you the dates at which we’ve closed the stores. The number of stores and you can almost do the math. It’s a pretty significant retention. So we are very happy about it.
Hubert Joly: Yes, absolutely, because the – said in the first part of my response, the year-over-year comparison is going to be very muddy for the few quarters. Think about last quarter. We closed stores in the middle of the quarter. We actually closed the Future Shop for a full week. The Future Shop that continued, we closed them for a full week to retrain the associates. For several months, the Future Shop stores, even though we have announced that we were closing Future Shops, the Future Shop store still look like Future Shop stores. It took us let into the summer to rebrand them as Best Buy stores. So if you can imagine the Canadian customer who is very confused. Then there was some extraordinary expenses last year as we were going through the transition. And so, it’s really difficult to – you should not extrapolate. Let me be very clear. The Q1 results, and assume that’s the kind of improvement is going to be something, we fully expect it’s going to be better, but it’s going to be rocky comparison from the first few quarters.
Hubert Joly: So, good morning, Michael. I appreciate it’s hard to track, because what we have when we report our earnings, is NPD, and NPD for us is a meaningful part of the categories we talk about 60% flat. But it excludes appliances and phones. And so, why the NPD category has improved, and bear in mind that there is a suitable, but it’s not 1.9% probably may be between 2.5% and 3% decline of NPD when normalizing for the suitable. You have a very material decline in phones. And so, we estimated that we are continuing to gain share at a pretty consistent pattern. We have not seen any material change there. Of course, it varies by category. We think that, I mean, if the entire strategy of the company over the last three years on top of the cost reductions was made, is the very systematic and significant improvements in the customer experience across all touch points across all channels that are resulting in us gaining share and being able to reach the revenue for this quarter. So, no material change Michael. We will continue to monitor this, but bear in mind, the softness in mobile.
Hubert Joly: So, Chris, good morning. In the quarter, I think, compared to our expectations, computing was better. No doubt about this. Again the results of our partnerships with the key vendors and great customer experience across all of the touch points, computing was better and phones was softer. And, the week-to-week, month-to-month variations are not going to go there because it’s they go with this or that. But on a quarterly basis, yes, you’ve heard our Q2 guidance and it’s very consistent with Q1. And so, we will continue move for this. One element of philosophy for the company is that, there maybe situations in the customer buying intentions and mood and so forth, we know what we can control. And the focus on execution, the ability to control what we can control is the key mantra to the company across all touch points, and believe me, while we are proud of what we’ve done, we have so much more to do across all channels in driving our performance, we will continue to be focused on that. When we manage our teams, we are not interested in excuses of any sorts. It’s all about the performance they can drive.
Hubert Joly: If I may, add one word on TVs, looking ahead, I think that everybody would expect that. Various product cycles and Best Buy tends to do particularly well in the first part of the – every product cycle and then as the technology gets more mass, then it gets into more places. And at some point, the growth in TVs will slow down, if not revert on them, at some point, we would expect, could not be able to hold the kind of great share we’ve had. We are not surrendering in advance, but as investors, you guys are been around, you know that this is the kind of thing that happens. So when it happens, don’t be surprised.
Hubert Joly: Yes, the pattern in the last few years has been to increase the number when we achieve the number. Remember, when we had announced $725 million, we increased it to $1 billion when we had achieved that $725 million. So, we fully expect to continue that pattern. This said, in this new phase, I think this is a very exciting new phase, this notion of ongoing process improvements and lean approach, I think is very exciting, because it because it simultaneously improves the employee experience, the customer experience and the cost structure. The buckets we are attacking has a lot to do which causes overall product flow integrated supply chain as you would like which of course includes the work we still have to do on returns, replacements and damages and end of life and so forth. While we have a pattern of humbly looking at one step at a time, the overall cost structure there and process improvement opportunities give us a lot of optimism around what can be done. So, the teams are very busy at work. They are very methodical and we’ll keep you updated. We are not going to give a number today, but we are confident that we will be able to have a gift that keeps giving over many years coming from that broad area.
Hubert Joly: Yes, good morning. I think the categories that we expect to continue to do well are those that we’ve mentioned, health and wearables or home theater and appliances where we have a strong continued track record offset by phones and tablets and we have referenced the digital imaging piece. Frankly, the variations you are talking about from one quarter to the other are pretty small. So this is our team’s best estimate based on the improvement in the customer experience. The promotional calendar, the momentum in the various product categories and then we are focused on delivering that. No massive shifts, it’s a lot of small moving pieces that equates to this aggregate number which is not a huge variation again. Even if you take the Super Bowl piece, it’s less than 100 basis points. So it’s really small, but we are on it.
Hubert Joly: Yes, good morning, Scot. You do have ASP compression year-over-year, which makes it – which makes 4K large screen TVs very exciting to buy and help with the penetration. So, that’s, of course the characteristic of our business and it’s quite material. I think for NPD, the decline for 4K average selling price is approximately 30% during the period we’ve had. So that’s very material. We expect this will continue in the back half and so forth which will make the category very exciting from a consumer standpoint. And again, we’ll start to bring this to a more mass status. We remain very confident in the amazing customer experience that we’ve built both online, but notably in our stores. If you want to buy a 4K TV, we are the place to do this. Our teams are ready.
Hubert Joly: Yes, of course, looking into the back half of the year, last year where we had some pretty significant ASP declines, but, to your point and my comment earlier, there will be a point of time to call exactly when, when the ASP decline will in fact impact the overall revenue in the industry. So, this is a big category for us. We are doing well with it, but there will be a point where we should expect to see that.
Hubert Joly: David, thank you, so much for your comment. This will go to the heart of all of our Blue Shirts, the fact that we are telling them that we are seeing it, it’s great the fact that you are seeing is just terrific and I want to publicly again recognize their work. The work on developing the engagement and proficiency in the stores has been a key area for us and I have to give credit – where credit is due to Shari Ballard and her team across the country in driving that. What is the form that it takes is your question. It’s a number of things. The most impressive thing is that the individual level. The philosophy is that the performance of Best Buy is really the sum of the individual performance of each individual associate. The way you lift the performance of Best Buy is by getting more of the associates to be very proficient, very engaged and to achieve their individual sales targets. As you know we are not commissioned, but we are driving performance. The form it takes in the stores is through daily coaching. Every morning, when you check in as an associate, you spend time with your supervisor looking at the results and getting a one-on-one and it’s absolutely world-class and coaching about how you can get better at your job. The individual associates - looking at the performance will look at whatever things they can get better, they may get some ideas from their manager and then check ins during the day and then check-in at the end of the day. It’s a systematic approach. Now, on top of that, we are increasingly focused on listing the product knowledge, the proficiencies, selling skills and product knowledge with moving to certify the associates and raising the bar in terms of what’s expected. All of the executive team at Best Buy is certified to sell 4K TV and high-end networking equipment showing that it’s part of the job. If the boss says kind of do the job, then, it’s not a good company. So, there is a – and then of course, it goes to all of the associates. So it’s really beautiful to see, we believe there is a lot more room to drive performance on that basis. We look at, Shari, the percentage of - and her team, we look at the percentage of associates who are achieving the individual sales targets, we see a lot of room for improvement. And that’s a continued focus of the way it manifests itself is that, a store gets the traffic it gets, that’s not within essentially the control of the store, but they are focused on, what we call value-add, which is the difference between the traffic and then the comp stores in the stores and with a given traffic, you can get different results. And so, with the same amount of payroll, you can get different results. So, we think that this is another gift that we will keep giving and truly a remarkable set of accomplishment so far. So, Shari, congratulations for your work. But beyond, Shari, well done to the entire Best Buy team across the stores. Couldn't be more proud. So, I need to conclude the call. I want to thank all of you for our joining us today. Again, a very strong quarter. Again, I want to congratulate all of our teams. We are - as you can see, we are very excited to have the opportunity to continue to work on our key priorities and with the opportunities that are related to that. I want to join everybody, of course, on the call in congratulating Sharon and Corie. I know, Corie is very much looking forward to meeting all of you and working with all of you. I know, Sharon is very much looking forward to introducing. As a reminder, Sharon is not going away, as she is going to be here until the end of the year in an advisory role. She will introduce Corie to each of the investors and analysts and work with Corie to make this an incredibly seamless transition. It’s going to be one of Sharon’s legacy to have successfully onboarded – chosen and onboarded and grooomed and onboarded Corie. So, very exciting time ahead. Thank you so much for your attention. You all have a great day.
