Hubert Joly: Good morning, David. Thank you for your question. I’d say a couple of things. Yes, in Q1 the product cycle was at a bit lighter than last year and the rest of the year is more exciting. As the management team though, we’re less focused on headwinds and more focused on what we can control. We continue to believe that our role in the market is large and growing and that we’ve ample opportunities to impact our destiny from that standpoint.
Hubert Joly: Thank you, Peter. It’s a good opportunity for us to clarify what’s taking place. What we’ve had really starting in Q4, is greater investment as part of the Company to strengthen its price competitiveness, that’s independent from the price match policy. Meaning we’ve ensured that our prices are more competitive that we’ve enhanced our price competitiveness in the marketplace. The cost of the price matching is eventually quite low for two reasons. One, our price is actually now quite competitive. Indeed the frequency of the price matching is actually low, but the price matching policy and tool as done notably has enhanced the confidence of our Blue Shirt as they work with the customers to understand and even then close the sale. We've eliminated any obstacle to this. So the impact from the gross profit margin to retail is primarily coming from the greater investments starting in Q4 of last year into our price competitiveness.
Hubert Joly: Good morning, David. Thank you for your question. I think that the one thing that struck me the most over the last several months is the feedback from many, many of our vendors about how valuable distribution capability is, of course in the store as well as online, in many ways making our real estates in their eyes and assets rather than the liability quite frankly. So specifically as we did to Samsung, what's really positive is the customer experience. These vendors invest billions of dollars in R&D to develop these great products and showcasing the experience, the functionalities and the experience of the individual products as well across products is very challenging if you don't have the space and the available advice. And Best Buy is very unique today in providing the opportunity to do just that. So the customer experience is just terrific. The feedback we're getting from customers is very positive, including in that – related to your second and third question, because customers can now look at the Samsung set of products and customer experiences as well as other competing universes and ecosystem that some people call these things. So this is a very positive thing. If anything the announcement of Samsung and the deployment of Samsung has triggered more competitions with other vendors who are agreeing that this is a very positive. And the more traffic is attracted to our stores, the better this is for everybody. So there will be more – there's nothing to talk about today, but we are interested in doing more and we see it as win-win-win. It's winning for the customers, it's winning for the vendors and it's winning for Best Buy. So this is exciting.
Hubert Joly: Brian, so your question is, are we seeing an acceleration of trends from a market standpoint? I personally find that months to months it's going to be hard to track because there is so much noise in the system really to new product introductions. The governing start we have Brian is that we see the market as being a large growing market, in that the – if anything, the next few months and quarters we’ll see a number of exciting new product introductions that will help the market. This is one of the extraordinary things about this industry is that new products keep coming up. And of course we don’t do so well in VCRs anymore, so you have to be focused on the new categories, but so yes we see a positive environment, a very competitive environment as well but we don’t want to give the impression of the rosy picture, but one where we have a very fair opportunity to compete and drive for stabilize and then begin increasing comps which is in our profitability, which has been our theme since November.
Hubert Joly: Hi, Alan. Thank you for your very kind comments. As Sharon who of course is leading our work on SG&A to answer your question.
Hubert Joly: Anthony, thank you so much for your questions and your continued support. Your question is do we plan to expand the investments. Similarly, we say we plan to maintain the investments. We feel that being competitive, price competitive is of utmost importance at this particular time. It's possible that we will selectively increase the investments as we look ahead. And as we – I think there's going to be a balancing act from between these price investments and then the capture of the cost of goods sold – cost reduction opportunities that Sharon highlighted. So I’m not giving you very specific guidance, but rather a general sense of direction of the importance we place on these investments and also the fiscal responsibility we feel to over time balance this. So, I think as we look at having the next quarter’s we will continue to update you of course on this, but count on us to be in there fighting to attract and keep customers.
Hubert Joly: So, altogether as we ramp this conference call, first of all, I wanted to thank you for your attention and your support. I want to convey the fact that these continue to be very exciting times for Best Buy. We feel very encouraged by the actions we’ve been taking in this quarter, the opportunities we have that I think we tried to detail on the call today as we look ahead and the early results in our efforts to stabilize and begin improving the performance of the business. So, these are very intensive and exciting times for us and we look forward to continued dialogues. So, Bill over back to you.
Sharon McCollam: Absolutely. Yes, Brad I’d be happy to. The cost of goods opportunity is actually one of the most compelling cost reduction opportunities that we have in the company right now. And in Hubert’s prepared remarks he talked about the biggest of those opportunities which is this returns replacement and damages. Today the reverse logistics process in the company is resulting in a business model that is loosing well over $400 million a year on a revenue base, reverse logistics revenue base returned from customers above $3.5 billion. Well that’s why he’s focused on a lot of things over the years. This particular area is one where it has received virtually no focused attention on as the company had been growing and growing the reverse logistics side of it are not obviously the primary focus. But today it is our number one priority to address this. So, when we look at that we’ve quantified that for you clearly, you’ve got to get your arms around what portion of those losses you can effectively go after, but it is clearly a substantial opportunity and Hubert even went on to point out that because of the magnitude of this challenge the confidence that we have in achieving that is extraordinarily high. The other place in the supply chain that we have significant opportunity is in the optimization of our shipping lanes. We again have opportunity through systems enhancements and other areas to be able to further cube out our retail replenishment model which is a substantial cost when you think about our cube. Another area that we are aggressively going after is the vendor selection -- vendor management aspect of supply chain and that is an area again where there has been less focus in some of the other areas in the company. So collectively when you look at that and you think about what we shipped here between the flash drives and the flat screen it is a very large cubic endeavor. So, going forward now let’s talk about how you’ll get there, and I think in your question, that you’re looking at the SG&A and saying we’ve taken out substantially more SG&A than we have cost of goods. When you’re talking about the supply chain, what you need to be thinking about is a gradual and incremental ongoing improvement in the process. Remember the supply chain touches every operational activity that we have in the company, and a lot of that business is contractually committed at any point in time. So in order to make progress on that you have to work through those contractual obligations. So what you need to expect from us every single quarter is as just as we said with SG&A is a consistent and gradual recovery of this tremendous amount of costs, but there is nothing structural in the company right now that would indicate anything other than this is all about execution and going to get it.
Sharon McCollam: Alan, our $400 million target I believe is one that just like I just explained on the cost of goods side is evident and extremely achievable. As Hubert and I learn more and more about the organization and quite frankly what I would tell you is when you look at the results even of the first quarter, this has become an organizational mission on SG&A. The results that we delivered this quarter were as the collected efforts of this entire organization and the leaders in Best Buy have embraced these initiatives at a level that you could only hope you could accomplish in such a short period of time. So while I am extraordinarily encouraged about the potential, today when I get the 400, I'll start talking to you about bigger numbers. But what I can tell you is that we see nothing that says that you don't put that 400 in the bank – that 400 million in the bank over time.
Sharon McCollam: On the international side, I would say that we are in early innings. Hubert mentioned in his prepared remarks that Canada did take out $40 million of SG&A in the first quarter but as we've discussed in previous calls and continues to discuss, we have only just begun to instill our Renew Blue priorities in our Canadian and China businesses. So I believe that that opportunity continues to be significant as well. And as we get more deeply into it, of course we'll continue to communicate on our progress there. We have two extraordinarily wonderful new leaders, one in Canada and one in China and they have come in blazing. And I think that they are going to lay the foundation for very similar progress against Renew Blue that we are seeing here in the U.S.
Sharon McCollam: And I will just add to that Anthony, that the one area that we’ll add to the margin impact of the investments that we’re making in price will be the optimization of our footprints in our retail stores and focusing on balancing that mix along with all the other initiatives that Hubert is talking about. By the end of the summer, we’re going to be complete with our first phase of the floor space optimization and of course once we made those changes we’ll be treating that going forward and we think that is a very important opportunity for us as we focus on the balance that Hubert mentioned between the investments in price and the optimization of our margin while having to invest in price.
