Sharon McCollam: Thank you, Hubert. In fiscal ’15, as Hubert shared with you, we are focused on three imperatives to drive our Renew Blue transformation: improving our operational performance including more quickly and more deeply reducing our costs, building foundational capabilities necessary to unlock future growth strategies which will require incremental investment, and leveraging our unique assets like our customer database to create significant differentiation that is meaningful for our customers and our vendors. With each of these imperatives that Hubert outlined comes year over year financial change, both positive and negative, and we know that modeling such changes absent additional information in a transformation like ours is extremely difficult.  Therefore, as we have done in the past several quarters, we are providing you today with our quarterly estimates of how these discrete financial impacts will affect our quarterly operating income rates for 2015.  These financial impacts continue to include the following business drivers: the negative impact of ongoing pricing investments, the negative impact of our incremental Renew Blue SG&A investments, the temporary negative impact of our mobile warranty costs, the negative impact of the economics of our new credit card agreement, and the offsetting positive impact of the realization of Renew Blue cost savings, which now total $765 million on an annualized basis. In our Q3 fiscal ’14 earnings release, we quantify the net year over year impact of these drivers to the operating income rate by quarter, as follows: negative 60 to 90 basis points in Q1 fiscal ’15, negative 70 to 100 basis points in Q2 fiscal ’15, and negative 30 to 60 basis points in Q3 fiscal ’15. Today, due to a higher than expected negative impact from the economics of the new credit card agreement, and the incremental year over year pricing investments, we are now expecting the net impact of these drivers to be a negative 70 to 90 basis points in Q1 fiscal ’15. But for Q2 and Q3 fiscal ’15, we have good news, because due to the timing of the benefits associated with the greater Renew Blue cost savings that we discussed this morning, we will be able to significantly offset the impact of the negative P&L drivers that we provided in Q3 for those quarters. We will also have discrete year over year impact related to income tax in fiscal ’15. In Q1 fiscal ’15, we expect to reorganize certain foreign legal entities to simplify our overall structure. This reorganization will accelerate a noncash tax benefit of approximately $0.87 to $1.01 per diluted share. Due to its materiality, this benefit will be treated as a non-GAAP adjustment. In prior years, this benefit has been historically recognized, though, on a periodic basis. So as a result of this acceleration, the company will have a higher quarterly income tax expense and income tax rate going forward on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. For tax purposes, this benefit will continue to be amortized. In addition, there are other discrete year over year income tax related items that we also expect will have a negative impact on the fiscal ’15 income tax expense and the fiscal ’15 income tax rate. We estimate the combined diluted EPS impact of these discrete income tax related items on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis to be as follows: negative $0.03 to $0.04 in Q1 fiscal ’15, flat to positive $0.01 in Q2 fiscal ’15, flat to negative $0.01 in Q3 fiscal ’15, and negative $0.09 to $0.10 in Q4 fiscal ’15. From a revenue perspective, in light of overall economic concerns, we are assuming that the industry declines in the consumer electronics category that we saw in the fourth quarter will continue. As a result, it is reasonable to expect that total company revenue and comparable store sales will remain slightly negative, similar to Q4 fiscal ’14 in the first half of the year. But it’s important to note that while it appears that our comparable store sales actually declined in January, in fact they were actually slightly better than the holiday. But due to the 30 basis point profit sharing payment that occurred in fiscal ’13 that did not occur in fiscal ’14, it appears that the cost was down, but in fact it was in line. Thank you, and with that, I’m going to turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. 
Sharon McCollam: We’re not going to quantify that. We think it’s highly competitive, I think you would agree, as we compete with some of the giants. But what I would say is that what we expect is gradual and incremental improvement.  And as you can see on the cost side, once we get the Athena project up and running, productivity of email and other aspects of online, sea changes in performance. So I won’t reiterate all of the initiatives we had online, but when you look at those and you look at how they will benefit conversion.  The other area that is significant for us in the online channel is attach rate. And right now we just launched the ability to attach services. That’s a new capability that we brought on in Q4. But there is so much that needs to be done there, because you know that in our business, hardware comes at very low margins, and to improve the margin it’s about the basket. So we have to be able, online, to compel the customer to fill out that hardware purchase with different services, accessories, etc. So those are the big opportunities for us online, but as you look at our investments, this is going to be gradual and incremental, and quite frankly, there’s only one direction that we would expect it to be going. It’s a multiyear journey, for sure. There is a distance between these two numbers today, and that’s why there’s so much opportunity.
Sharon McCollam: No, I think also that when you look at the competitive advantage that we have, realistically we have a store within 15 minutes of the U.S. population. So when you think about that, and you think about the online channels being the window into our business, the one thing that our online competitors cannot do is give it to them now, at this moment. And there are some abilities out there that are being developed, but if I want control of my purchase, we have a [moat] that makes it very easy for the customer to be served where and when they want to be served. The interesting fact about that, which Hubert alluded to, is that today a very high percentage of our online sales actually are customers that picked the inventory up in our stores. And we love that, because that gives us the opportunity to interact with the customer, that gives us the opportunity to continue to build that personal relationship with the customer, and going forward we see that as a tremendous competitive advantage as we continue to get better and better at it. And we’re making some very significant investments in that area so that the customer has a completely seamless experience as they go through the entire process. 
Sharon McCollam: And we saw that in the fourth quarter. In Hubert’s remarks, he talked about the fact that we relaunched My Best Buy and the credit card. We saw a significant number of new members doing My Best Buy. In addition to that, we saw a higher penetration of customers using our financing and our credit card. So again, engaging that customer and putting our arms around then so that long term, when they look to where they want to buy their consumer electronics, they will choose Best Buy.
Sharon McCollam: In my prepared remarks, I mentioned that in January we saw a less promotional environment. So once we exited the holiday, while it is still more promotional than a year ago from a cadence through the quarter point of view, we clearly saw the promotional environment be mitigated. As we look forward to 2015, obviously in the forecasts or the estimates that I gave you, one of those investments is pricing.  And on a year over year basis, as you know, from Q1 to Q2 to Q3 to Q4, we had two pieces of our pricing. One is structural, and then one is the competitive side of it, and price matching, etc. So as we progress through 2015, in Q1 as an example, all the investments we made in Q2, Q3, and Q4 were not in Q1 last year. So in Q1 we’re seeing the biggest impact, and then it starts to mitigate in Q2, and then in Q3 it mitigates again.  And then of course our perspective, as Hubert said, is that we believe that even in an equal environment of promotional cadence next holiday, we believe that based on the tools and the marketing and the capabilities that we’re building this year that our marketing effectiveness is going to be substantially better, and that when we go into the fourth quarter, even in that kind of an environment, we would see a much better margin outcome. So that’s how we’re thinking about it for 2015. 
Sharon McCollam: And then I’d just like to add to that that there’s a couple of other things that we did this year that we, because of the timing of our transformation, when Hubert came in, etc., a lot of these things got launched in October, right before the holiday season. So take My Best Buy, the launch of the new credit card, some of the ecommerce capabilities. We put new buying guides on the website. There was a litany of things that we did. Obviously, when you do that you are putting in new capability, you are learning from those capabilities, and a year down the road is like a lifetime. So all of these programs, all of this investment, which was substantial, as you know, you can see our capex, that going into 2015 holiday we are going to have a lot more experience in that.  The other area that Hubert alluded to was pricing. We are investing in pricing capabilities this year. He’s said from the day he started that we’ve had a very underdeveloped pricing, modeling capability in the company. So when you start working on those things, they make a substantial difference, and we will continue to invest in those all year. They’ll get better and better, and by the time we get into holiday, we think that we’ll be able to put all of those together and come to market and to our customer in a substantially more compelling way.
Sharon McCollam: Another very important aspect of that, especially in holiday this year, was the implementation of a new search engine on our website. Earlier last year we talked to you about the fact that the search engine that was operating on the site was nearly 10 years old. And customers were coming to the site and they were searching for products and of course the search engine was not robust enough for them to find what they were looking for.  And when customers are trained by companies like Google, I type it in and it shows up, that’s what they expect. And they’re not going to type very many times until they get bored and walk away. The new search engine is state of the art technology and these search engines get smarter over time.  Again, this gets into the discussion of the fact that we launched it right before holiday and again, it’s getting better and better as we move forward. But during holiday, the new search engine certainly made a substantial difference as well, another investment that we made that made a big difference. 
Sharon McCollam: We’re going to continue to evaluate our cash balance, obviously. Hubert and I believe deeply that putting a [fortress] on this balance sheet is really important. Obviously we know what bumps in the road look like, but we also know that over time there is a level of cash that makes sense and is a fortress and then there’s the time when you exceed that. At this point, we are very comfortable with where we’re sitting on our balance sheet and we’ll be talking about this over the next 12 months. But at this time, we do not have any plans on a share buyback.
Hubert Joly: As we go to expectations, we’ve seen the industry trends in Q4. We also see, and many retailers are reporting [unintelligible] on this, an environment with economic uncertainty, retail challenges. And of course, in consumer electronics, a lot of the market is dependent on new product introductions, and so until you know what the products are going to be, it’s hard to predict. So we find it’s appropriate for us to be planning in a relatively proven fashion, if you will, that the market will not turn - until we see evidence that it turns, we should assume it will not turn - and focus on, as we have done in Q4, on what we can control. And so therefore the comment that Sharon made at the end of her observations that we are not planning positive comps during the first half of the year, though we won’t complain if the comps turn positive, but in our planning.  And therefore, you highlight everything we’ve said about more deeply, more quickly reducing the costs, improving our operational performance, driving the efficiencies, [unintelligible] the foundations for our future in store growth. So we’re focusing on what we can control and approaching the year in a prudent fashion. It’s more a planning assumption than a true forecast, if you will. 
Hubert Joly: The way we evaluate the shops in the shops is what the customers think, what the vendors think, and what we see. The customers have been very happy with the shopping experience, which is really transformational, very helpful. I think the vendors, I don’t want to speak for them, maybe you can ask them directly, but let’s say I think they’re quite happy. And for us, the way we measure the aggregate performance increasingly is in the overall performance of the company, and it’s definitely having a positive contribution. So while we’re not making specific announcements today in our good tradition of talking about things once they are in place, you can expect more and better of the same in this fiscal year. 
Hubert Joly: You’re absolutely right that thinking about the two channels independently makes no sense anymore, even though technically you can track where the transaction is completed. What we see is the [unintelligible] of our shopping experience is online. Customers start their shopping experience online. And that’s why our strategic investments in the online shopping experience both with traffic and the experience on the site is fundamental. It’s fundamental to our online business, and to our store business.  So throughout the company, it’s online first. The way our merchants are now thinking about the overall strategy, they spend so much time on that path, and improving the shopping experience. Of course, there’s no blue shirt on the site, so you have to expand the shoppability of the site. Now, whether or not the transaction gets completed on the site, for us, is a little bit irrelevant. This is up to the customer. We don’t have a bias. Even though the economics in the short term are different, we don’t have a bias. We’re so incredibly customer focused, and so we drive this based on what the customer wants to do. And I don’t know, Sharon, if there’s anything you want to add to this.
Hubert Joly: I’m sorry. I knew I was not completely answering your question. It’s both. A significant portion of our growth is coming from new customers, and one of our key opportunities, by the way, as a company, is to expand our presence and become the preferred brand for the Millennial population. We do extremely well with the Boomers, I think we have opportunities with the Millennials, and our online push is going to be very helpful from that standpoint. And of course online is a way to expand the relationship with existing customers.  So it’s really both, and we’ll continue to push in these areas. But I’ll highlight some of the opportunities we have: attract new customers, expand the relationship with existing customers, and expand our share of wallet as we look at the various buying opportunities they have. 
Hubert Joly: In fact, I would like to highlight one thing. One thing that’s very gratifying, both for the quarter and the year, is to see how customers are responding. Because we’re gaining market share, so that’s clear. And while the top line comps are slightly down, of course it’s after the effects of deflation. From a transaction standpoint, customers are voting with their feet, both online and in aggregate, and giving us more of their business.  So the combination of enhanced price competitiveness and improved customer experience, resulting in these gains, shows the strength of the Best Buy franchise and the foundations, the platform we have for growth looking ahead. That’s very, very important. 
Hubert Joly: A key thing that we are working on is we continue to improve capabilities of the foundational elements that I was talking about. Let me highlight a few. One is our marketing and promotional effectiveness. The ability for us to communicate to our customers in a relevant and more personalized fashion, we think, as we develop it gradually, is going to be helpful compared to blast emails only talking about price. So we think that’s the first one. The second thing is that continued improvements of the shopping experience. Those, as I think Sharon and I highlighted, are how on the site we are going to continue to make these improvements. Similarly, the shopping experience in the stores. So our strategy is to be price competitive and to build meaningful customer differentiation in terms of the unique value propositions we can offer to them as well as how we talk to them about this. So these are new capabilities that we are developing and that we think are going to be helpful. Are we’re planning the year with the assumption that all of a sudden the wolves are going to become sheep? No, of course not. And we’re going to continue to be in there ready to compete and so forth. It is possible that what happened during holiday, the players, the industry, will be, you used the word “crazy”, I’m not going to say our competitors are crazy, but the intensity may go down. But we’ll focus again on what we can control, which is what we do for our customers, how we talk to them, and then of course our efficiencies.
Hubert Joly: I think you’re absolutely right to note the acceleration. And we hope to continue to accelerate the acceleration. And we have to wait now. I think because [unintelligible] we’re gaining share online, which of course is our goal. We have some catching up to do. So this is the result of more traffic going to the site, and we are doing a better job converting that traffic, both on the site and then in the stores. So to take some examples of the latter meaning, the new capabilities, that’s [unintelligible] ship from store. We had highlighted how, in the past, a portion of the traffic on the site, looking for a product, the product was not available in the online distribution centers, but was available in the stores. The unlocking of ship from store, up to 400 stores doing [unintelligible], now all of the stores, has allowed us to accelerate the online growth in a significant fashion. Our in store pickup capabilities are a very strong competitive advantage. It’s roughly half of the online purchases that are picked up in the store, showing how meaningful our stores are as an asset. And please know that at Best Buy the store general managers and their teams are compensated not only on the brick and mortar revenue, but on the holistic revenue, and clearly with all of our stores now involving ship from store, they completely get it.  And increasingly, the focus in the store, same as online, is the product is not available in the store, how can I get it to you? From another store? From our DC? And not available is not part of our vocabulary, and finding an answer is always part of our vocabulary.  So I think we are appealing to new customers, and gradually, we’re doing a better job of responding to our customers.
Hubert Joly: So price optimization, our strategy is to be price competitive, and we will continue to invest in that, as we’ve done last year. But of course you can be smart about it. And pricing is a very sophisticated science, so I would highlight a couple of areas to think about.  One is marketing and promotional effectiveness. I don’t know any company in the world that doesn’t have opportunities in this area, and believe me, we do. So making sure that the promotions we do have the right return on investment. It’s back to relevant communication to the customers of how we talk to them, to whom, when, and how. And then there’s also tactical optimization. I don’t want to go into too much detail, but there’s more optimization really at the regional level, and so forth.  As it relates to vendors, I’m not going to give a lot of color around this, but one of the key assets that has always struck me ever since I joined the company is how important Best Buy is for key vendors and [unintelligible] to their success. And so our teams work closely with them. There were some dialogs after the holidays, and there was good contribution, as is always the case. There was nothing extraordinary, but until it’s in the bank, you don’t necessarily bank on it. And so we’ll continue to work with our vendor partners to optimize the business for the customers, for themselves, and for ourselves. So it was part of the surprise that changed our expectations as it relates to the EPS for the quarter.
Hubert Joly: Thanks, everyone, and before I close, I absolutely have to say something, which is of course these accomplishments that we’re excited about would not have been possible without the dedication, the commitment, the hard work of the entire Best Buy team throughout the country and the world, and our vendor partners. And I have to honor them for their [unbelievable] contributions.  And also I have to thank all of you and our customers, and hopefully all of you are customers, for the business, and your ongoing loyalty and support to our company and our brand. And with this, I would like to thank you for your attention, your continued interest in our company. I wish you a very good day. Thank you all.
