Brian J. Dunn: Good morning. I'd like to begin by providing an overview of several of the key items we announced today. First, our Q4 and full year results show that we finished relatively strong and delivered adjusted earnings in the top half of our most recent guidance range. Also, as you recall, we took a number of important actions last year that we expect to pay off in the near and long term. Despite these actions and results, I'm not satisfied with the pace or degree of improvement in our performance and transformation, especially given the opportunities we have in the marketplace. So today, we're announcing a series of significant steps to drive our transformation in 2013 and beyond, all focused on improving the customer experience and our financial performance. This includes taking $800 million out of our annual cost through fiscal 2015, closing 50 U.S. big box stores this year, opening 100 Best Buy Mobile stores, driving growth in e-commerce in China and improving our customers' experience, among other actions. We believe that this set of actions will help drive benefits this year and improve earnings and returns over time. I'll come back in a few minutes to tell you more about our planned actions in the year ahead, but first, I'll ask Jim to provide a quick overview of our fourth quarter and the full year results. Here's Jim.
Brian J. Dunn: In summary, I'm pleased with many of the actions we've taken over the last few years that will bring improved financial benefits and an improved customer experience. But I believe we need to move even faster to adapt to the realities of the market, and the actions we're announcing today move us boldly in that direction. I'm confident that the transformation we are making will take our customer experience to new heights, grow earnings and ROIC, and deliver excellent value for shareholders. Thank you. And now, I'll turn it over to the operator for the questions.
Brian J. Dunn: It's Brian. I'll tell you what; we're not going to specifically tell you where the 50 are. We're going to talk to our employees first about that. I can tell you that, as I mentioned in the call, they are stores that did not meet the hurdle rate we saw for continuing operations. And further, there will be stores, as I mentioned in the call, in those test markets, Minneapolis and San Antonio, that will be reconfigured, and there will be store closings in those 2 markets.
Brian J. Dunn: Dan, this is Brian. We appreciate the question. I would just add that this notion of us gaining share this last year in fiscal '12, we're very pleased with that. That was our intent. You should expect us -- during this time, when the industry is experiencing a temporal contraction, you should expect us to work diligently to maintain our share in categories where there is less innovation and to grow our shares -- our share in those key core connected categories. We view that as utterly mission-critical to what we're doing. Thanks for the question.
Brian J. Dunn: Just as an example, one of the things that we saw in Vegas in a number of the stores, but there's one in particular, a store that's 19 years old in Las Vegas that is essentially performing on a comp basis like it's new again. It went from an old and tired footprint to a place that is vibrant and really demonstrates the sort of best of what we can do in this connected world. And it is comp-ing materially better than the balance of chain, as is the Vegas market, as I mentioned in my remarks. And that really is the core here, bringing to light all the things this technology can do for customers and having it in a place -- in a space where we can showcase that so people can make great decisions about all the choices they have. Thanks for the question, Kate.
Brian J. Dunn: So the question is about the magnitude of the lift and what we're seeing in operating margins, and we're just not going to break that down further. What we can -- what I can tell you is what we have seen is giving us a great deal of confidence and great enthusiasm for what these connected digital stores can do. And this is not just a brick strategy. This is about all the channels coming together around the customer and having a real physical manifestation of that in our connected digital stores. And in the upcoming quarters, as we open the markets and roll the markets out, we'll be reporting with some regularity about what we're learning and what we're seeing. But again, the key thing for us there is going to be not only those metrics you just identified, but that very important customer transfer rate where we're going to spend a great deal of time and energy focusing. Thanks for the question.
Brian J. Dunn: Yes. Thanks for the question, Alan. Let me say this: I am -- we are very enthusiastic about the future and the notion of what Best Buy can do to make technology work for each and every one of our customers and transforming this business as the CE industry continues to evolve. And I think it's really important that the listeners on the call understand we believe these flat innovation cycles are temporal and not permanent. The television business is going to be an important environment -- business in the years ahead, for example. But as part of this strategy, when we learn more about this transfer rate and where -- what we're able to do in terms of migrating customers from store A to store B, to online, on the phone, any one of our channels, that will inform our future trajectory on square footage. I mentioned on the call this morning that we anticipate a 20% reduction in Minneapolis and San Antonio. We think that's a really excellent testing point for us. And we are very confident that as we put our energy behind a customer-transfer strategy, that we'll be in a position to be really well informed about what the future square footage looks like for Best Buy.
Brian J. Dunn: Alan, I appreciate the question. I just want to be clear here. In terms of -- I know it's of great interest, the number of locations. It's just too early to say what the exact right number is, and we're going to learn a lot more this year from the markets. I do want you to understand I'm not wed to a specific number of stores or square footage. What I am wed to is further developing our multichannel strategy, which is shop anywhere -- anytime, anywhere and providing the best experience with the most choices for our customers. That's how we're thinking about this.
Brian J. Dunn: Alan, just one last thought here. I know there's a great deal of interest in the number of the 50 big box stores we're closing today. I don't want lost in this, that we have announced that we're opening 100 more Best Buy Mobile stores, which is a very important growth vehicle for us. All along, we've been very, very clear about this. Our intention is to leverage our square footage and to have more distribution points for our customers. So while we are reducing square footage some number, this is really about, how do we position the company so we're where our customers need us to be? I don't want that lost on anybody following the story. We're clearly going to have more doors and less square footage. Thanks for the questions, Alan.
Brian J. Dunn: I'm going to ask Jim to comment on it, Peter, but I want you to know that $800 million that we've talked about this morning in the release and in our prepared remarks, we have a high degree of confidence that we will be able to deliver that number. Very, very high degree of confidence. There may be shifting between buckets, and I'll let Jim comment a little bit on that, but that $800 million, this management team views as a very firm number.
Brian J. Dunn: Yes, we're actually very pleased, Matt, with what we've seen there to date. I mentioned on the call what we saw with the sale of the new iPad. We were very pleased with the very material improvement and execution around that. And I just want to -- just flip one word on you here. For us, it's not about upselling as much as it is about selling customers the technology they need and all the services that light them up and make them work. But that iPad launch was a very strong indicator of the work this new solutions business group is doing, and we're very pleased with it.
Brian J. Dunn: I'll let Mike talk about some of the specifics as he sees them, but I think it's companion to the answer I just gave Matt, and it is that capability, and that's why the deal we made with CPW was so important, so we're able to expand that connections business group, that capability to a broader set of our categories. And they're the categories that are growing in our industry right now: phones, tablets, Macs and PCs. So we're actually very pleased with the directionality and what we're going to be able to do with that group.
Brian J. Dunn: Into growing businesses like connections, like services, in places where we know we make a difference. We appreciate everybody hanging with us through a long call today. Thank you.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Sure, Greg, I'd be happy to talk about both of those. So what you were quoting is the operating income guidance from continuing operations of down 4% to 11%. With the number of activities that we did this year and certainly the fiscal year change, one of the things that shareholders and the sell side will see next year is that when we report actual results, our results are going to be broken into 2 pieces: continuing operations and then discontinued operations. Clearly, we're going to receive a large benefit in discontinued operations from the store closures and model changes we made this year that aren't going to show up in that continuing operations line. So one of the things that we purposely tried to do in the call today is when you compare on an apples-to-apples basis the total results of the business, we're actually looking at op income dollars, if we weren't reporting discontinued operations, to be more like a range of down 4% to up 4%. But specifically, what you're going to see next year in the continuing ops line is just the results of our continuing operations. That's the down 11% to down 4%. So specifically, within that, you can look on our website; you'll see reported information for what we are using that as -- what we used as the anchor for the FY '12 recast, number one. And number two, to your point, Greg, the savings that we have, of the $250 million, are included in the guidance ranges that we've provided. They're actually what's helping us fund a large portion of the investments that we can make in the customer experience activities and actually improving those new store footprints that we're doing in our connected digital stores.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Greg, really, just a mixed bag. Certainly, I'm not going to dive into the detailed results within individual months, but I think it'd be unfair to characterize all the pieces moving in the same direction over those 2 months. Broadly, versus our expectations and what we saw in the closeout of the year, is the Mobile Phone business got stronger, which was great. We were also very happy to see our mix of sales in the home theater area also improve. So we mixed into more profitable categories. The softening that we saw was predominantly focused on the gaming business, which has been a drag in the industry and certainly within our portfolio all year long.
James L. Muehlbauer: It's Jim Muehlbauer. So we've made a number of investments in improving our overall price impression during the current year. And we were very happy that -- current year, just to be clear, FY -- I'm referring to FY '12. We were very happy to see the progression in our overall market share gains, especially in the back half of the year, and very pleased to report that total market share for the company went up in the quarter and for the year in total. So those pricing impressions that we have deployed this year in FY '12 really were focused on a number of different areas. They most meaningfully show up obviously in our largest product categories like televisions and computing. As we look at next year, certainly, the growth that we're planning in the online space is an area that we continue to make appropriate investments in to grow that business, to emphasize the benefits of our digital and physical presence. And we're also mindful of where the competitive environment will continue to be for a period of time. So part of it's in our plans and part of it is we've got firepower set aside to read the market as the year goes on, because we're certainly focused on providing value to our best customers and making sure that we get every chance to give them the full experience of what our model can provide. And the first entry point, as it always has been, is you got to have a great price in the marketplace to drive that hardware so we can actually do what we do best: selling connections and services while offering those great products that our vendors provide us.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, I would be happy to. As I mentioned in our overall CapEx guidance for the year, we've set aside money to roll out those new Connected Store tests in certainly Minneapolis or -- sorry, the Twin Cities and San Antonio, as well as a few other select markets. The capital that's going to be required to do that is not an enormous portion of our total $800 million of spending. And really, it's intended to lay out, from a test standpoint, what is it going to take in those stores to deliver the type of experience that we have? So we're not, at this point in time, going to lay out the economics of the investment or the returns, other than to say that we're modeling it off of the work we've done so far in Las Vegas and some other markets, which candidly was nowhere near as comprehensive as what we're planning to do going forward. And to Brian's point, I think the overall excitement that we have in the business is this is the first time we're really able to take entire markets and transform the entire experience and then put marketing support and muscle behind it all at the same time to see how the digital, physical big box and small boxes work together. So the capital investment is going to be modest in that space so far, and we'll be happy to provide more results as we get into that journey and see some of the details of these tests.
James L. Muehlbauer: It's Jim. I'm happy to take that. Certainly, as Brian and I have both talked about over the last few years, the position that our business is in, given its size and scale and its cash-generative capabilities, has allowed us the capacity to not only invest in the business, but also to enhance shareholder returns. And what we have purposely been doing in the marketplace over the last few years is getting more aggressive in repurchasing shares based on what we know we can do with the business and based to how our company is currently valued. We certainly understand the perspective that shareholders have -- certain shareholders have around the role that dividends play. It's an important part of our story as well. Quite candidly, at this point in time, as we make the choices around how to deploy our cash, what we're always most interested in is investing money to grow our core businesses and to make them more profitable for the long term. And that's where you're always going to see our capital allocation strategy take hold first. So as we look at this year and beyond, what we're most conscious of is looking at our cash balances and making sure that we have the money available to invest in the transformation that Brian outlined, and that we're really looking to the success that we're planning for the markets in Minneapolis and San Antonio to be indicative of how our investment profile should move moving forward and what pace we should make that investment. So first and foremost, we're here to drive the core business in profitable areas that we know will enhance shareholder value. That's our first function. And we want to make sure that we have enough capacity to let that play out, because that is the transformation story within Best Buy. We also continue to review options around share repurchases and dividends, and we have proactive conversations with all of our internal and external constituents on that point. And we're not in a specific position today to talk about any further details other than what we laid out in the release and script this morning.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. And I think, specifically, Alan, to your question around what might we expect in other markets, certainly, from a hypothesis standpoint, our density is different in different markets. So depending upon how this test plays out, we may have markets that are well below the 20%. We may have markets that are above the 20%. To Brian's point, that's what's going to play out in this test. Certainly, our density of stores is much higher in the Twin Cities than it is in San Antonio. That's part of the reason. Purposely, we picked 2 different types of markets to focus on. The other element that you talked about was stores in the portfolio that do not meet our investment returns. We have many, many, many stores that provide well above our investment returns in the portfolio today. As a matter of fact, of the -- even of the stores that we're announcing from a closure standpoint, there are just a handful of them that don't make money on an NOP basis, and even fewer that don't make money from a cash flow basis. So this is all about transforming the experience in those stores. And the connected digital store formats that we're putting out there are all about leveraging the brand, the traffic and the customers that we have in those markets today and giving them a better experience, which we know will build on the great returns those stores have already.
James L. Muehlbauer: And it's really building off of the success that we've had over the last couple of years. Clearly, once again, as you saw in our results for the quarter -- our Q4 and for the year, we continue to bring the SG&A rate down. Specifically to your question on the cost-of-goods-sold bucket, I'd ask you to think about that in a couple of different pieces. There is a substantial portion of that, that's really related to how we continue to make improvements to our management of return and exchanges and end-of-life transitions, working in partnership with our vendors and our stores, and things that we can do in our overall model, that we can actually control a lot of our own destiny in that space. So when you see cost of goods sold, don't queue into that different negotiation strategies with vendors on core product costs. These are waste we and our vendors see in the system, around product that is being purchased by customers for good reasons and being brought back, that we think we can do a good job working in concert with our vendor partners and really solve a bigger problem in the industry and being more efficient while serving our overall mission, which is giving customers a better experience, which really means making sure what they buy from us works and they continue to be happy with it. So a large port of that -- a large part of that is controllable in our system. It's not subject to negotiation.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. To the point Brian had made earlier, we have been talking about expanding our points of presence and reducing overall square footage for some point of time. When we last met with many of you in the April analyst meeting, we laid out the strategy of looking for a minimum of a 10% reduction in our square footage. It was always intended to be accomplished through a combination of downsizings and a smaller portion of store closures while, at the same time, building more points of presence with the small boxes. So not only have we not given up on that strategy, we've been very successful in executing what we said we were going to execute this year. And what you should look at today's comments on is really building on that success and our continued commitment to drive the outcomes and reducing our overall square footage. Back in Q2, I mentioned, I believe, on the call, that we had anticipated that we were going to touch probably -- I think it was like 25 or 30 stores for the year. What we ended up touching, just specifically, was about 43 big box stores during the current year. And on average, across those 43 stores, we reduced square footage by approximately 15%. Now to be clear, those were individual stores. We'll see how that amount moves going forward. But for that tranche, it was 15%. The other thing that exceeded my own expectations this year was for that square footage we took out. We have already been successful in either subletting or giving back over 70% of that to landlords. So we've got that expense for those stores out of our operation. So once again, just small data points on a small subset. But I know there's many questions by shareholders at a time, talking to retailers about the real ability. And will they actually close stores when they say it? Will they actually shrink? We exceeded our expectations that we set out for this year. And certainly, with the plans we've laid out going forward, we're very interested to see where the expansion of our small box footprint and the shrinkage opportunities we have on our overall square footage really will take the business model.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, I would characterize it, honestly, more in the range of what we did in the last several years. Certainly, it's nowhere near the high-water mark we had a number of years ago, and I'd put it into the camp of fairly consistent with what we did last year. A couple of, I think, important callouts. One is the mix of what we're spending on is dramatically different now versus what it was 3 or 4 years ago. Much less emphasis on new stores, much more emphasis on core existing businesses like services, mobile, things of that nature. And where we really see the opportunities to continue to invest behind our strategy is, clearly, we can spend more and will spend more in the online digital space to continue to improve that experience. The other thing that I would call out is, depending upon how these Connected Store tests work, that will absolutely inform our capital spend profile over the next 3 years. Because when that test is successful, like we do with all things that are successful, we'll want to roll that out into the marketplace. But we're going to do that with proven results and proven returns. So that is a variable that I would see in the CapEx plan. I don't -- I'm not suggesting that our CapEx is going to move up enormously as a result of that, but it will influence our thinking specifically around where we spend CapEx over the next 3 years.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. In the road map you walked through, I think if -- I'll take the amounts out of it for a minute. But in general, that's the right way to think about it. Specifically to your question, you're double counting a little bit at the price at the -- I'm sorry, the actions we took last year and the $250 million. If I helicopter up, the way I'd look at it is as follows, is that if you look at the benefits that we're receiving from the businesses that we exited, which is providing tailwind to the EPS growth, certainly, the continued buyback activity that we have planned will provide some tailwind to growth. The cost savings that we've laid out for roughly $250 million are providing some tailwind. We're reinvesting those costs in our biggest-growth businesses: connections, mobile, services and online. And we're using that money also to help fund several of the very important price impressions and customer experience levers that Brian talked about. All at the same time, looking at our Domestic business specifically, is that given the sales comp expectations in some of the traditional categories that Mike Vitelli talked about, we're expecting profitability declines in those spaces. So we're using those cost savings to offset some of the gross margin dollars on the lines we see in that space also. So this is all about positioning the business for profitable, long-term growth. And in the current environment, looking at next year, certainly, with the weight of those big businesses declining, that puts pressure on our overall cost structure. And what we don't want to do -- it would be very simple not to invest in the future and show better returns for next year. That would be a very short story over the next 2 or 3 years. What we're committed to doing is driving where we see value for the long term and investing prudently in proven actions, which is why we're redeploying that SG&A the way we are today. It's purposely why, in the $800 million of cost savings we've laid out, we've said that over time we expect more of that to fall directly to the bottom line. It's all moving to the bottom line right now. We're just reinvesting higher portions of that to get our business in a position to grow even faster when some of those headwind pressures alleviate.
Michael A. Vitelli: As a matter of practice, we're not going to comment on our vendors' policies or distribution practices. But with that said, we think that our combination of stores, employees, the ability to demonstrate products in the store, on our websites, we believe that there's no better retailer positioned than Best Buy to help explain and show customers the benefits of the technology and features that our vendors invest in and are seeking to get a return on. So we believe we're best positioned to do that and to sell advanced products and advanced features to consumers.
Michael A. Vitelli: This is Mike Vitelli. The data we use is very specific in working with the categories that we track that are not -- everything that we sell. So when we're talking about share, we're talking about the share in categories that we track. We're very specific at the product-category level. Government data oftentimes include stores that sell other things. So we actually believe the triangulation of the data we're looking at. We saw, over that same 3-month period, that everything we've seen is the industry down about 4% in the categories that we track, while we were down less than 2%. And that's where we see our share gains across almost every category that we've looked at.
Michael A. Vitelli: I think, as Jim mentioned, some of our more -- the traditional CE categories like television will be a lot like it was in fiscal year '12, that is, a relatively flat unit scenario with some modest ASP declines. So the revenue of television will be down slightly. Computing is different. It'll kind of be a bifurcated year. The period leading up to Windows 8, the notebook industry will probably be soft. But we have some confidence that Windows 8 is going to change that, particularly on the revenue side more than the unit side, more towards the second half.
Michael A. Vitelli: This is Mike again. And when we look back at fiscal year '12, and most of our connections in fiscal year '12 came from the actual connections of smartphones and other phones, those were a little bit less than our expectations in the way some of the iconic phones launched and when they launched within the year. When we look into fiscal year '13, as Brian mentioned earlier, we've combined the team, both here in our headquarters offices and in the field. That is driving the computing business, the tablet business and the cellphone business together. What we're seeing is, in addition to phone -- continued growth in market share and units in the smartphone business, our ability to connect tablets. And we saw that significantly change versus the iPad 2 launch to the new iPad launch. We believe we're going to be able to continue that and press that, both in the tablet business and the computer business throughout fiscal year '13.
