Sharon McCollam: That was an acceleration of the payout that we would have received because the accounting requires that you book those bounties over time. As far as quantifying the amount, we obviously have confidentiality agreements, so I’m not going to go there. But let me just give you one other piece of information. When you look at the gross profit this quarter, again, we have two offsetting items. We have the credit card income, but the offset is this Geek Squad protection warranty negative. And quite frankly, they virtually net each other out. So the margin that you’re looking at is very clean. There’s two specific items within it, but net, when you’re looking at the actual number that we reported, it’s very clean.
Sharon McCollam: That’s right, and the reason for that versus last quarter is very much driven by mix. We talked about the product mix and this quarter we had very strong growth in the mobile and the appliance businesses, and with that comes a rate mix benefit.
Sharon McCollam: The buy online ship from store is invisible to the customer. Historically, as Hubert laid out in his prepared remarks, 2-4% every week of our customers come to bestbuy.com and ask to buy something, and because it is not in the online distribution center, we tell them that we do not have it. And yet much of the time, we have it in one or more stores. So, by opening up those 50 stores, what happens is that when the system checks the online DC, and does not find the inventory, it then checks those 50 stores, and if that inventory is there, it fills the order, completely invisible to the customer. In last quarter’s call, we talked about the reason that we were going to roll 200 stores for holiday, and why we haven’t rolled sooner, we had two systems issues to solve. Remember, we have never shipped out of the back room of the store, so this is a very different process. The good news, that you just pointed out, is that the store associate has already learned by buy online pick up in store how to have a pick ticket dropped to the floor and to be able to pick the order and put it in the basket. Now, the next phase of that is to put it in a box, create a shipping label for UPS, and have it distributed. The system had two enhancements that had to be made. The first is that because we had never shipped out of a store, we were not able to populate the UPS label, with shipping. So the back room associate is actually having to take the pick ticket and type in the address. This is a very simple IT fix, and not the one that is the bigger of the two that’s caused us to push to 200 stores for holiday and then to open it up next year to a greater number of stores. The second one is the fact that in our system - and this is very common in retailers - when inventory is actually sold, it takes up to 4 hours to be able to update the inventory. And what we are working on today is the problem with that is during peak times it is very possible, if you only had two of an item left in a store, that you’re going to go ahead and promise it to that customer and you may sell it in that 4-hour period. So we were not comfortable rolling this, because this is such a big NPS issue for the customer, that we had to get that timeframe down to 15 minutes before we were comfortable rolling it out. And that is what we will have achieved by the time we roll this with the 200 stores before holiday.
Sharon McCollam: I’ll take the question on the credit card. Obviously you completely understand the accounting for these credit card bounties. They do go into revenue. This is completely immaterial to our revenue. So it is not a huge number. It had the gross margin impact, which I answered the question on gross margin. It has an offset on the product warranty side. So we have no material impact on either line. I don’t want to put this number in a bigger light than it should be.
Sharon McCollam: We believe that investment in price competitiveness is the way we have to operate our business. I think in Hubert’s prepared remarks we call it table stakes. So the investments that we are making are where they’re needed, and where we see that, versus the marketplace and competitors that we believe are relevant, our pricing is not in the market. We are making changes to that. There is the price matching, but that is not the big piece of this. We are proactively moving forward with price adjustments where we are not competitive. And we expect that to continue. Really, it started in the back half of Q4, and then advanced in Q1, came again in Q2, the investments in Q3 and Q4, on a year over year basis, and then we’ll assess. I think we’ve seen several analyst reports and various analyses that have been done on our pricing versus other retailers, and the general consensus seems to be, and we would agree, even from our own data, that we are getting closer to the competition every month that passes.
Sharon McCollam: The impact that we had in the second quarter obviously was substantially less than what we are anticipating for Q3 and Q4 on a year over year basis. Remember it’s all about your compares. So on a year over year basis, it’s substantial. On a sequential basis, it’s important. So the pricing is one of the issues, but the second one that is even more substantial is this Geek Squad protection and the rapid exchange and the frequency that we’re seeing on repair. And we’ve sold a lot of phones, we’ve sold a lot of Geek Squad protection plans, and when frequency goes up, it is an expensive business proposition. Obviously these legacy contracts that we sold, many of these contracts might be 24 months old, we are very very lenient in how we interact with the customer related to this. So it’s something we have to work through. But the biggest impact that we’re seeing from a sequential point of view is in the Geek Squad warranty protection.
Sharon McCollam: Hubert also, in his prepared remarks, called out that in Q2 we had an impact from the Samsung stores and Microsoft stores as well. But the impact of the Microsoft stores is substantially greater than what we did with Samsung. Because you’re talking about the entire computer department. Also, the biggest piece of our own floor space optimization, where we’re moving everything around in the store, is in Q3. And that is going to have a significant impact and disruption in the store. We expect that to be substantially bigger than it was in Q2.
Sharon McCollam: And I’ll add one more thing to that. That cost is going to show up predominantly in SG&A. A lot of the work we’re doing cannot be capitalized, and it will flow through in the SG&A line.
Hubert Joly: And as it relates to the TV business, the driver of this more favorable performance from the comp store sales standpoint is the size of the TVs. The mix is shifting to larger screen TVs. The units have always been up. It was the average selling price that was the issue. The shift towards larger screen is helpful. We are, of course, also intrigued by the innovation in the space with 4K TV, OLED TVs, and so forth. We love the fact that in our stores now there’s TVs with a price point of $15,000, $8,000, and that’s helpful from the top down selling standpoint.
Hubert Joly: To elaborate a little bit, there is an impact on the top line. When a store is impacted by this optimization, the supply is impacted. And of course there is some cost associated with moving things around in the store. We expect of course for this year to be completed by the end of Q3, as we wouldn’t want to be moving things around during the holiday season.
Hubert Joly: On the Samsung Experience shops, we are seeing, number one, very positive customer response. The same with Windows, but of course Samsung started earlier. The customers really appreciate the live displays, that you can actually touch and feel live product, which is not the case for other types of stores. They appreciate the combination of the expertise of the Samsung experts as well as the support and advice of the blue shirts. They appreciate the opportunity to navigate the store and look at these different ecosystems. Customer have choices. It’s a wonderful experience to look at these various vendors. So a lot of positive feedback for Samsung, and the same is true for the Windows stores. There is of course a positive impact on the sales of the Samsung products, as you would expect. What we will be measuring is of course the impact on the overall store. But the way we’ll measure it is in the overall comp store sales, because our goal as a company is of course to optimize and solve our two problems. And it’s still very early in the game. The best way to measure it will be the overall performance of our comp store sales throughout the stores. So we are very excited about this. Your second question has to do with what’s the competitive response to our pricing actions. This is a very competitive space, so I will not comment on the reactions of our competitors. To be clear, our goal is not to be lower than the competition. We believe that Best Buy offers a very compelling set of customer promises, with the assortment, the advice, the convenience, the service, and so our goal is simply to eliminate price as an obstacle to buy. We started with the price match. A year ago, everybody was talking about showrooming and so forth, so we love the traffic on our site, in our stores, and we don’t want to lose a customer because of price. But we don’t [see there’s a need] to be lower than the competition, we just don’t want to be beat.
Hubert Joly: We believe that it’s been three years since the comps in TVs were flat, which is why we highlighted this today. I want to also highlight the fact that while we have a positive impact on the top line from a comp standpoint, the U.S. consumer is still value-oriented. And so the choice the consumer is making is very much biased towards opening price points in these larger screen TVs. And so that means there continues to be margin pressure from that standpoint in the category. And frankly, I highlighted 4K and OLED and so forth, and why I think all of us can be excited by these shiny new objects. We don’t expect that this is going to have a significant impact from the volume standpoint, but I would still encourage all of you on the call to consider visiting our stores, and we’ll take care of you.
Hubert Joly: We have been very competitive in TVs, so we’re feeling good about our market share, our trends, again, our value proposition to the customer in that space.
