Hubert Joly: Good morning, Dan. We have strong retention rates in Canada, stronger than in the U.S. for the reason that as the two brands were built over time in Canada, you found many, many situations where the 2 stores, the Future Shop store and the Best Buy store were very close to each other, sometimes in the same parking lot. And so, of course, that’s different from the store footprint in the U.S., so difficult to compare. As it relates to -- compared to our expectations, maybe our expectations were too low. But the other thing is that frankly our team is executing extremely well. And what the brand’s consolidation has done is it has unlocked the ability of our teams to invest in the customer experience and great work for customers. As you know, Future Shop had a commission-based system in a multi-channel environment with the importance of online. This was limiting some of our abilities, and so great execution, kudos, really impressive performance on the part of our Canadian team. We have to give credit to where credit is due.
Hubert Joly: Thank you Peter for your kind words. So, our computing and phones, of course a different story. Phones, we anniversary still the comparison with a very strong phone launch, so as expected softness that we expect to reverse in the back half of the year. In computing, this is another great example of how in partnership with key vendors and with a very strong focus on the customer experience, we are able to lead a category and change the outcome for the category. I think 4K is the other example. This is a great example. The experience online, the experience in the store, our service capabilities, our ability to create a unique assortment, and again working closely with key vendors helped make us a key destinations and allow us to deliver a very strong customer experience leading to market share gains and great NPS scores. So, this is an illustration of when Best Buy has all of the functions working together, we can create – we can shape the outcome for ourselves, our customers and our vendors from a performance standpoint. So, you are right to highlight this strong performance. Thank you for your comments.
Hubert Joly: So I think we have been – we are explicit about this. Clearly, our outlook for the back half assumes a better, relatively better phone profile in the back half. This said, phone is not the only story. There is quite a bit of innovation excitement for customers. I said some words about virtual reality, but that’s not the only one and of course, we are not here to announce new product launches for – on behalf of our vendors. But phone is a factor. It’s not the only factor. And as you can feel from the outlook and our tone certainly, we think the back half is going to be pretty exciting from a product innovation and the consumer standpoint.
Hubert Joly: Yes. So thanks, Dan. Back-to-school, back-to-college is performing according to our expectations and of course is reflected in our outlook. As it relates to virtual reality, I mean candidly, this is an exciting new technology. The impact this year is going to be not material on our performance. We through the assortment and the demo stations that I talked about, we certainly do expect to be a destination for this and to have excitement with our customers. From a financial standpoint, limited impact early in the cycle, limited product availability and so forth, but excitement from a customer and store standpoint because this is yet another example of a product that if you want to learn about it, experience it, even though it says virtual reality, the reality is that you need to experience it physically to be able to see that virtual reality, but this is true. So thank you, Dan.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, David. Partnership with vendors continues to be a key pillar of our strategy. And the stores as well as our ability to go into people’s homes are very unique assets that are highly valued by several of our vendors. And so as we explore and experiment, we are involving and we will be involving key vendors from that standpoint, it’s not difficult to see how around classes, you would partner with key vendors as appropriate. So I think you are spot on. It continues to be a key pillar. I think it’s premature to talk about the ROI on some of these investments. That’s why we are talking about exploration and experimentation, but there is a lot of excitement from the customer standpoint around this experimentation as well as the vendors and the ability for us to demonstrate and really pursue this mission of helping customers pursue their passions and live their lives with the help of technology takes these kinds of new approaches. So hopefully shedding some light on what we are doing there, David.
Hubert Joly: So thank you for your kind words. The performance of online continues to be strong. We think about online in two ways; one is the channel itself and then the other digital experience and how it helps customers because most of the visits on that site actually result in sales in the stores or visits to the stores and then completing the transaction online. So it’s quite intertwined. Projecting the percentage is going to be down the road of our business. It’s not something we have done. The – there is a way to think about it, which is there is growth online, which is clearly fast, but I think our stores have a very strong role to play. So this is – we don’t see it as a zero sum game. So I think that as we explore these growth opportunities, as we look at how to really help customers, we will see how we can best leverage each one of our assets. So I want apologize for not providing a direct answer to this question because it implies a zero sum game and that’s not how we are thinking about it. We see growth opportunities, frankly across the business.
Hubert Joly: Yes, couple of things to add. Clearly, in health and wearables, I mean, we really don’t get into products, but it’s factual to remember that in Q2 of last year, we didn’t have an iconic watch that was introduced during – more in August, so more in Q3. So, that’s a factor, and of course, we are going to lap that in the second half. What I wanted to add is maybe to deemphasize the focus on the NPD tracked categories, because there is so many exclusions now that it’s – what’s convenient with the NPD report is that it’s available when we report our earnings, but there is so many exclusions that it’s hard to use it as a true spotlight for the performance. So, we have provided this again this quarter for convenience. Our real focus is actually on growing the top line more than anything else. So, I am just looking at that for now.
Hubert Joly: Thank you for your question. It’s – and customer focus is a key part of our strategy. So, I think as we look ahead, you will see us focus more and more in building these relationships, deepening the relationship with customers as we help them more deeply. As it relates to specifically your question where there is many things that are contributing to the strong performance, including attracting new customers. We have had good track record from that standpoint. In terms of deepening the relationship with customers, I think we have a lot of opportunities ahead of us, frankly. And even though we are a category leader, our market share in aggregate across all of the consumer technology spend is only in the teens. And even with our existing customers, our share of wallet is far from being exhaustive. So, I think we have opportunities there that we have not fully captured. So in summary, we have a good momentum with attracting new customers and having opportunities with deepening the relationship with existing customers.
Hubert Joly: Yes, so a couple of things. One, we have been on a journey and we have talked about it on several of our calls to improve the quality of service around delivery and installation. From an industry standpoint, by the way, this is an area that where there is a lot of opportunities and we have had a strong focus on that and the progress we have made in the last several quarters has been very, very notable achieving NPS scores that frankly we did not necessarily thought were possible even though quite – we are far from being where we want to be specifically then as it relates to this quarter. So, we introduced a change in our – we introduced the ability of the customer to choose the narrower delivery window, like 4 hours at the point of sales both in stores and online and specifically – so, that’s obviously a great benefit from a customer standpoint. Who wants to sit around and wait for the entire day for the appliance to show up, I think we can do a survey on this call, probably no one. And so we are narrowing the delivery window and the ability of the customer to choose. In the very short-term, this has led to disruptions. Sometimes, when you introduce innovation, there are some kinks to be worked out. So we are in the process of working them out. We have highlighted that because the growth rate of our appliance business in the quarter of roughly 8% was slower than some of what was still 23 quarters of consecutive comp sales growth, but relatively slower than what we have seen before. I think if we have not had these disruption so okay, so probably we would have been in the double-digits growth rate and we do expect looking ahead that these continued improvements and again we have a long way to go in terms of creating an amazing customer experience for when you buy – when you shop for and then buy and use appliances that this is going continue to drive our performance.
Hubert Joly: Let me add something Alan, to your question. The stores within a store are very important component of our strategy. And as Corie said, like online, it’s hard to isolate because what we are is much more than a collection of stores within a store. From the customers standpoint, as customers look for solutions around their entertainment needs, their food preparation needs, their productivity needs, their home automation needs, the reality is that you need usually to assemble a solution that takes from various vendors. And the role that Best Buy plays is certainly to showcase the latest and greatest technology and we show customers of the ability to run about it and experience it, but it’s much more than this. It’s also to understand the needs of the customer and create a solution that meets their needs and there is an integration need or value added that exists there. And therefore that makes it difficult to track or not necessarily meaningful to track the performance of individual stores because of that more a crosscutting solution selling approach. I hope that’s helpful Alan to your understanding.
Hubert Joly: So I think this concludes our call and I want to thank you, of course for your attention. I will not hide from you that I am and the company was very proud of the accomplishments of our teams during the quarter and we are excited about our prospects in the back half. And of course, we look forward to speaking with you in November. Have a great day. Thank you.
Corie Barry: Yes, the only thing that I would add is Dan as you well know price compression in 4K TV is not a new phenomenon. That is a phenomenon that’s been happening pretty strongly for the last eight quarters. And so to Hubert’s point, we continue to factor that in, but the excitement and the accessibility that that drives for our customers is very exciting to us. And to underscore what Hubert said, our ability to really help people understand the differentiated experiences in 4K in a really unique way in our stores we see as a definite advantage for us.
Corie Barry: And Peter, one of the things that I would make sure that I add to that is that we definitely saw tablets was also a bit less bad than what we have seen sequentially in Q1. So, I think the computing story for us continues to be a very good story, but both tablets and mobile were slightly less down as what we have seen in Q1. So sequentially, that’s a bit of what happened that highlighted that overarching category.
Corie Barry: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. So we were very clear in calling out some of the very specific pressures to our business in the quarter, namely what we saw happening in services, both from a pricing perspective and from lapping last year’s unique profit sharing benefit as well as some of the softness we expected in DI. I also just mentioned that we saw a quarter where tablets sequentially was not as low as what we had seen in the prior quarter and just the mix of that in our business creates a bit of a different profit profile. We have been very clear historically, we called it out I know in Q1 around our pricing and promotionality and we have been clear that we are working to be very targeted in where we are promotional and be very thoughtful about what the right drive times are and what the right events are for us. And so I characterize it less as massively more promotional in the quarter and more as a combination of some of these discrete events and a bit of a change in the mix of our business for the quarter.
Corie Barry: And David, I think you are already starting to see some examples of whether it’s specifically related to these initiatives or others of vendors partnering with us and looking for other areas of interest. We talked about Apple authorized service provider historically, and you will also see some very specific offerings that we provide on some of the high end merchandise around more white glove kind of delivery and service offerings. So I think that’s where you are tangibly starting to see some of the value that we bring to the table, but done in partnership with some of our vendors in unique ways. And I think what Hubert is highlighting how we continued to evolve that in light of some of these more targeted strategic initiatives.
Corie Barry: Yes. Matt, this is Corie. So there were a few places and I actually mentioned one sequentially already where we saw a bit more strength than we have seen in Q1 and that was tablets. And we actually saw a bit of a trajectory change there versus Q1 in our business. And then a lot of the other categories, we just saw some of the continued strength that we have been seeing out of Q1, but it was really that tablets number that was one of the biggest trajectory changes for us in Q2.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, Michael, I will do my best here. Obviously, we don’t break out separately the margin and SG&A expectations. That being said, its part of the reason we were trying to be so clear on the individual drivers in Q2 is that many of them are kind of more structural or we have called them out individually as large kind of more one-time in nature. So, we have talked multiple times about the profit sharing. You will continue to see us lapping that in the back half. We are very clear last year about when we saw those different pockets. Additionally, the services pricing pressure, we start to lap the changes that we made to our services portfolio last year about midway through Q3 and so you are going to see that even out a bit. And so I think we have tried to be very clear about what are those structural pieces versus some of the underlying. And keep in mind, we also continued to work on from a waste reduction and efficiency perspective, remember that doesn’t just impact our SG&A. That also continues to flow through portions of it in our margin line as well. And so yes, there are some puts and takes there, but we are trying to be very clear about what are kind of the larger events that we are lapping year-over-year versus some of the just more structural baselines.
Corie Barry: Yes. So to be clear, Michael, I want to make a couple of things. One, wearables in the way that we are talking about it is not included in the NPD tracked categories. So, that’s not going to be a factor in NPD. Broadly when I had spoken about tablets that was more a trajectory change from Q1 to Q2, in total, what we saw was overarching continued share gains across the categories and inherently across our vendor portfolio as well.
Corie Barry: So, to answer that one specifically, nope, that is not due to vendor relationships. That is a combination of our portfolio changes that we made and some of the better attach that we are seeing as well as continued tweaking of our portfolios to ensure we actually believe we are offering the best possible, most compelling offers for our customers. It is not vendor specific.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, we commented in the release that we actually even expected in the back half for some of that year-over-year decline to abate, flatten out, if not add to growth, which is what we have been expecting. It’s why we made the portfolio changes that we made. And then obviously, we continue to work as Hubert noted in the innovation space in the things that we are trying. We continue to look for new opportunities to grow the business as we head into next year.
Corie Barry: Yes, I will take that. Thanks Alan. We haven’t specifically talked about performance of our store in stores. And frankly, almost like the online channel, it’s a little difficult to break out exactly what’s attributable to that store and that experience and that vendor. Obviously, we have vendor presences across all of our stores. We like however, obviously and I think Hubert hit on it, especially as it relates to Oculus as an example, that ability for us to showcase a technology in a very unique way and our vendor partners coming with us on that road. So that’s why you continue to see us and you continue to see vendors want to partner with us in those experiences. So while we haven’t called out the specific proportion of revenue related to those experiences, we continued to be pleased with offering the customer that kind of visibility and experience in our stores.
Corie Barry: Yes. There were two main places that were a little bit better than we thought. One was, as we mentioned, the services pricing, where we both saw a little bit better attach and made some changes to our portfolios that were accepted well by our customers. And then the second was some of the disruption expectations around inventory supply, where we saw our customers just make some different choices in terms of demand and what they wanted to purchase. Those were the two biggest drivers.
Corie Barry: Yes. So Seth, the response to the portfolio teams we made have been positive. We have seen improvement in attach rates in those categories. Now as expected, those improved attach rates haven’t been enough to completely offset the price investment. Hence, the reason we have been calling it out as a piece of the pressure is on gross profit. But that being said, what we like is that we start to lap making that investment. We like the trend of the business that we have seeing heading into the back half.
