Matt Bilunas: Why don't I start, and then Corie can jump in. I think there's a few questions in there. I -- Overall, what we're seeing was the first half of the year was less promotional, similar to the trends we experienced last year during the pandemic. As we -- as I said in my comments, we are starting to see us lap those periods of very low promotionality.  As in July, we're actually seeing the mix of items on promotion and the discounts associated with promotions are actually higher than last year. So, we're starting to see a bit more return to a promotional level that -- more than last year, but still higher than -- still less promotional than two years ago. And so, we do see that increasing. and over that period of time where promotions have been lower, customers have been essentially paying higher prices because the costs -- we haven't been promoting as much.  And so that's certainly part of the aspect. Also, within pricing, we certainly are seeing a little bit of inflation as well as you look at the prices of goods. In some cases, those are being passed on to consumers. Appliances is an example where there has been increases to the cost of those goods, which the industry is generally passing on.  But overall, inflation hasn't been a bigger part of our ASP increases, it's been more on the promotionality versus inflation has been relatively small impacting the first half. It might be a little bit more in the back half, but I wouldn't expect inflation as it relates to pricing to be as significant.
Matt Bilunas: Thank you. Thanks for the question, Peter. Essentially, as you would imagine, the Total Tech offer is just far more inclusive to of -- to the benefits to our customers. And so, with that, you're seeing more costs associated with Total Tech. It just has more enhanced benefits than what we had offering in TTS. And that is essentially driving the gross margin profit -- gross margin impact in the back half of this year. The intent of Total Tech is not to actually drive margin rate. The intent of Total Tech is for us to increase sales and therefore leverage more sales into the future. So, the short-term impact certainly is going to be a gross profit rate impact. As you look forward, the intent is for not to be gross profit accretive because what we want people to do is to use it more.  That usage will create more sales and create more leverage on our bottom line in the future. And that's the overall take, but as you would imagine, the enhanced spend do come with more cost, but we believe that will keep people secure and coming back and increase our share at wall with them.
Matt Bilunas: Yes, I'll just add a little bit. Corie did a great job explaining the consumer side of that. I think, overall, as you talked about, we are now expecting flat to down 3% in the back half, and that's much better than we had expected at the end of last quarter, which was more closer to down approximately 8%. I think one of the things I would add to that situation is inventory. We feel like we're in a good spot as we look to the back half of this year. I think you asked about inventory.  We are still seeing pockets of inventory, but quite honestly, we are really healthy, strong position, and are preparing ourselves very well for the holiday season. So that clearly adds to our optimism to the back half as well. They are also a lot of uncertainties as you look at it, but we'll update people as we go.
Matt Bilunas: Yes, I think overall we're always going to be very aware of what our competitors are doing in the back half, whether it's back-to-school or the holiday season, so we'll always be prepared to adjust as appropriately. We are very thoughtful about how we compete and where we compete, in being thoughtful managers of the P&L, if you will.  But overall, I would say, the promotionality we would say probably a little bit higher than what we experienced last year or fiscal '21, but still less promotional than we saw in fiscal '20 starting right now. Again, we'll look at that and manage it as it comes and as we see the holiday unfolds a little bit. But because we were fundamentally always be competitive, but I think, generally, will be more promotional than last year, probably less promotional than two years ago.
Matt Bilunas: Thanks for the question, Karen. Yes, I will start and then Corie can jump in on the last part of the question. We're not ready to guide next year yet, but so certainly we are expecting Total Tech to pressure Q3 of this year and Q4 of this year as we roll it out. As you can appreciate, we're still trying to understand usage at a roll out level.  And so, it's a little early for us to talk about where -- how long that pressure will exist and in what line of the P&L. As I said, the goal is for it not to actually be accretive to margins. It's supposed to be used, and with that usage will come more costs, but overall, we do expect it to grow our sales over a long term and increase our improve our experiences. It's a bit early to tell how that impacts for next year, but we'll obviously update people as we learn more.
Matt Bilunas: I think there's a lot of categories that will continue [Indiscernible] be upon the levels of inventory that we receive. Appliances has been a category, both large and small, have been growing for years at a time. So, we just see more opportunities there. Clearly, a home theater has opportunities as it always does in the back of the holiday season.  So those are some of the bigger ones. I think computing might be an area where it might be a little bit -- it might be slower based add over the last several years going back, but there are a number of categories that will continue to grow.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah, thanks. We've jump on the last part there. I think we're very confident that we're [Indiscernible] demand of our customers. There's always a level of constrained inventory when you are still seeing pockets of constrained now. We are in a very health -- more in certain areas, but we have a high degree as we've talked about, transfer ability between categories and within category assortment to meet customers' demand.  I think, overall, from a gross profit perspective, one of the -- we did talk about how we expect to see gross profit rate pressure in Q4. The total picture, we will see probably more return to more promotionality compared to last year, but again, overall, compared to two years ago, it should be less. But again, we'll watch and see where it goes and adjust accordingly.
Corie Barry: And I would just simply underscore our priority is always to be priced competitively. And that will be the case no matter what's coming through the costing side of things. As we head into holiday, specifically to that part of your question, we said even in the prepared remarks, we would expect the back half to be more promotional, and Matt alluded to July being a little bit of that lead into what we're seeing.  And we would expect the products that we sell to be products that people really want for holiday, and therefore, that environment to heat up correspondingly. And so, that is part of what's embedded in the guide going forward.
Corie Barry: Thank you, Peter. I'll start, and then Matt can talk a little bit about financial ramifications. So, what was important to us in beta, was understanding; how can we build on some of what we're learning in Total Tech Support in terms of what our customers love, but add onto that what we think will continue to provide them value over time. Like many membership programs are just continuing to evolve based on what we're learning distinctly from our customers.  And so, we started testing data actually just at the very beginning of this fiscal year. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we're definitely seeing uptake that is greater than both what we expected, greater than what we were seeing in Total Tech support, and I think it's the combination of features that we talked about in the prepared remarks, that are making our customers come to us more frequently.  And like we also said, spend a bit more each time that they're coming to see us because you have this combination that keeps customers very sticky to the Best Buy brand. And so, this is really an evolution of what we have learned in Total Tech Support. Started testing in the very beginning of this year and then we plan to actually roll out towards the end of Q3.  So it will be in place, like Matt said, and have a bigger impact for Q4. But the key for us is that we expect the membership to grow faster than what we saw in TTS. And we've seen that play out in the pilot, and we're going to keep iterating on the offers, frankly, depending on what it is that customers really value and what it is that keeps them loving our brand and very loyal to the brand. I'll let Matt talk a little bit about the financial implications.
Corie Barry: So, I will start particularly on the wallet shift question. We noted in the prepared remarks that we definitely are seeing that shift happen slower than what we thought. And it's less than a shift, it's actually been -- for a while, we're seeing growth in both sides. And as Matt said, as the pandemic has redoubled its efforts, we've seen it shifting away a little bit from some of the experiences, that we've just seen this growth continue honestly, in both experiences and on the retail side. I think we're pragmatic and we've said in the prepared remarks, we believe at some point that shift will continue to happen. I think it is being pushed out a bit.  But importantly, there are also systemic changes that have happened in the way that all of us live, right? If you think about something like hybrid work models, that's not just something that's going to happen in the back half or in a quarter. That is likely a new way of working going forward, or streaming, and the amount of streaming content. That's not just in the moment change, that is a change in how people will consume content going forward. And so, I think honestly you have a little bit of both sides here.  You have real systemic changes that have happened in the way that we live. And there's, I think, a push out in people really shifting hard that spending to experiences. And then part of that is being how healthy the consumer is in terms of, still, savings rates that are at all-time highs and very healthy balance sheets, access to credit, and all of those fundamentals staying really solid, I think is helping buoy this demand across both experiences and retail.
Corie Barry: On the question of install bases, it's my favorite question, we definitely are seeing more penetration of goods because people have consumer electronics from multiple locations, and use cases, in their lives. In a hybrid work model, I might have one setup at home. I might have one setup and [Indiscernible] go. And so, you've seen this deeper penetration then, of people's homes and lives.  What's interesting about that is what you hit on in terms of innovation, [Indiscernible] companies that have both benefited from that deeper penetration in yield to innovate in a way that will inspire customers to replace replacement cycles condensing that are coming online that are really useful to people.  I mean, if you think about the evolution of just cameras in computers over the last year because so many people are using video, now you've got cameras that track you, even [Indiscernible] going to be this constant drive features and attributes that you add to [Indiscernible].  And really what's fascinating is based on survey data that we're looking at right now, intent to purchase still remains very high in the next 12-month window, which to us says, you've got people who already are trying to think about what might be the more upgrade that's going to help me live at home schooling or another extended period of working from home.  While these are really difficult numbers to [Indiscernible], we are for sure seeing [Indiscernible] looking for those new attributes. And then importantly, vendor partners who are really working harder to create that next suite of solutions that will [Indiscernible] really fundamental structural changes in how we're living our lives.
Corie Barry: New category and new product introductions. Both the new categories that we talked about that we're expanding into. While not as big, definitely as likely some new product launches stimulate back to the question about constant innovation that always stimulate a little bit of demand as well.
Corie Barry: Technology. The second area is all about emergency response device-based tools back in our homes. And that builds on some of acquisitions that we've already seen. Then the third, which is a little bit more nascent is [Indiscernible] digital health caring center services that can connect patients and physicians to enable [Indiscernible].  That one is the most nascent, and that one will take the longest to develop. On the first two, you can hear even our prepared remarks, the unmet, proliferating right now to help people manage their our own care is absolutely incredible, and so on the consumer side, we feel really strong [Indiscernible] dependency that business rebound, especially as we're starting to see more people come back into our stores, and I think the assets as you think about virtual carriers, we've all gone through.  And that [Indiscernible] person hospital does it, but instead be able [Indiscernible] I think, obviously, there's an even greater use case now than there was [Indiscernible] that together, I think broadly we remain really optimistic about how the future of healthcare can be changed through technology and the role that we can play in it it.
Corie Barry: Yeah. I am [Indiscernible] because I think it uniquely [Indiscernible] across both our physical assets, our stores, seeing every single store, there will be a number of remodels, but it's not every single one, but it also [Indiscernible] our consultants and designers and advisors in our stores, and leverage them across not just conventional storefronts, but also in places like an outlet, or in places like an auto [Indiscernible] or ten auto base, where you can work on all the cars together as an example.  And we said in the [Indiscernible] role everything out in the market, all the model changes that go with that as you learn how to more flexibly operate all of these models. But the goal for us is balancing that -- this isn't just about like quantity of stores, this is [Indiscernible] to do for you, and then the operating model and the people flexibly working around that physical footprint in a way that uniquely provides [Indiscernible] customers both that inspiration and [Indiscernible] no one else can.  And so, I [Indiscernible] on one concept, but trying to put all the concepts together and say if I want to serve a market, how I help a customer navigate different Best Buy experiences, and also help our employees work more flexibly across all those experiences. With --
Corie Barry: So, I just want to close by saying, thank you [Indiscernible] being associates and thank you all so much for joining us today. [Indiscernible] our progress during our next call coming up in November. Have a great day
