Corie Barry: Yes. I’ll start and then Hubert can add. And you were cutting out a little bit, but I think what you were looking for was the slope of the growth on services and how that could potentially impact the margin profile. Obviously pleased with the growth that we saw and reported in Q2. But most of that growth transparently is still coming from our more traditional warranty business. Obviously, we’re starting to see revenue flow from the Total Tech Support offer, but that is as we’ve talked about, amortized over 12 months, so takes a little bit longer to ramp. We were excited about the trajectory of the business and believe especially as we get deeper into the growth trajectory of Total Tech Support that will help add some of that ongoing growth to the topline and the stability of the business. And so, we’re not going to guide services in particular. But at the end of the day we like, and the subscriptions are right inline where we thought we would be at this point and they’re going to start to add value, particularly as consumers still see value in the existing warranty portfolio that we offer in the business. To your point on the margins specifically, as we delve deeper into and have more of that recurring relationship with our customers, that is certainly not harmful on a margin basis over time, but what’s more important to us genuinely transparently is making sure that we’re serving the customers and we’re developing that longer term, stickier relationship with them. That’s really what we’re most focused on at this point.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, what we saw, there was some -- a little bit unexpected strength in gaming and a couple of facets on that. One, as we talked about before, we tend to over index on gaming consoles. And that is where we saw some particular strength across consoles. And secondarily, as we mentioned last quarter, we continue to see strength in some of the accessories and peripherals as games like and social games, in particular like Fortnite take off, there are accessories that tend to make that a more compelling gaming experience. And so, we saw a little bit better results even than we expected in that category.
Corie Barry: So, good morning, Chris. What we did see and what we like is very strong market growth, and leading to very strong consumer interest in the category. So, that is one of the most exciting things. Obviously, per what we can see in NPV, TVs were up double-digit growth in Q2. So, that is excellent. Also, similar to the industry and what we could see in the industry, units were up, while ASPs were down. We are lapping some pretty significant share gains from TVs last year. And we saw just a little bit of share decline, but honestly on the size of the industry strength, we saw very minimal and in fact less than we saw in Q1. So, we like the positioning, we’re excited that the consumer is adopting it. And we’ve always said, we’d expect that our share gains moderate over time. We also said we wouldn’t expect them to drop off a cliff and to completely off the business to Hubert’s point. And so, we like that the consumer is excited, we like the amount of volume that we’re seeing in the category and we very much like our positioning within it.
Corie Barry: I’m sorry, the part of your question. Let me make sure I hit on, you asked specifically about Amazon. Obviously, we’re not going to comment on specific skews. But partnerships like this and the idea of interesting technology evolution continuing in categories like this, I think that’s what’s actually more important because I think this idea that we can showcase these technologies in unique way that no one else can, that’s what’s the real differentiator here. So, while I’m not going to give you exactly what those skews delivered, certainly we like the idea being able to showcase this technology that no one else really can.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, based on the comp deltas that we’re seeing, and remember we have the 53rd week in Q4, so it gets a little tricky. The guide would imply a comp of basically flat to up 3%, somewhere in that range for Q4. And so, within that as we’re lapping what we saw last year. Remember, last year we specifically called out some incredible strength in gaming, particularly due to the switch which we knew we would be comping against this year. And last year, we were comping against some of the product availability issues from the year prior, so two years ago. Those are the pieces that we’ve factored out. And instead what we’re looking at is we head into Q4 this year is some of that continued strength in those very four categories, smart home, computing, home theater, appliances, the places that we feel very strong about our positioning with the consumer and what we bring to the table.
Corie Barry: Yes. So, obviously, I’m not going guide at this point an exact cash balance. But, it’s clear that we’ve been working that cash balance down here over the last couple of years, in particular with some of the more aggressive buybacks and dividends. We’re not going to guide next year at this point. We’ll do that as we head in. But you can see that and especially us using cash on hand as well as for the acquisition of GreatCall that we continue to work that down to a place that we feel is not just suitable to run the business but suitable to help us in any large kinds of unexpected risk. And we’ll continue to work that down. As it relates to our capital allocation strategy, we’ve stayed very consistent with that, not just at Investor Day but prior to that where we’ve said priority one is to invest in the business, whether that’s in a form of the capital we’re using internally or whether that’s in the form of an acquisition like GreatCall. After that, the next priority being a premium dividend payer for our shareholders, and then finally returning excess cash through share repurchases. And that remains our strategy going forward. And we’ll provide more clarity on exactly what that means for next year as we head in.
Corie Barry: So, in the comps -- let me just take a big step back, broadly across our channels, what we saw was actually increases in traffic, increases in our transactions and increases in our close rate or our conversion if you think about it that way. So, when we meld all our channels together, and that’s what’s most important to us, that’s what we saw across everything. And that’s been a relatively consistent as we’ve had last few quarters here. In terms specifically of tariffs, the super minimal at this point is you’re basically talking about laundry where they’ve been impacted or a few smaller categories. So, it’s a tiny little slice; that is not going to be the driver at this point. More so, what we’re excited about is that the underlying drivers across the channel have remained pretty consistent with good traffic, good conversion and therefore very nice transaction growth.
Corie Barry: Yes. I think you’ve got a couple of things going on. And we’ve been talking about them for a while. I think speed of adoption has increased. And so, it’s a combination of larger screen sizes, so the idea of more fits in the home and you have the very nice form factor that’s coming with new TVs. And then secondarily, those being coupled with higher technologies, 4K, HDR, particularly in those spaces incredibly available now. And I think those two combined with price points now that have come down to a range that feels like more and more people are ready for adoption here. I think you just hit a bit of the sweet spot between those things. And again, it’s part of why we said we feel uniquely well positioned, because when those become some of the important pieces, being able to see it and be able to really have a line of sight to how this will look in my home and exactly what technology I’m buying is pretty important. But I think you just have this real sweet spot now between lot more size for the money, a great technology that fits behind it, things more 4K, HDR kind of technologies and at a price point that makes sense for my budget.
Corie Barry: We haven’t guided free cash flow specifically. And that’s why we’re kind of just updating you each quarter they come. But where we are now right now is exactly where we had expected to be at this point in the year.
Corie Barry: Yes. Peter, we -- as you said, we continue to expand our IHA program and have done that as we said we always would, in line with the demand that we’re seeing in the marketplace. Obviously, we’re not going to give out exactly about the revenue associated with IHAs. But, you can be rest assured that it was both part of how we guided and part of over-achingly where we’re seeing strength in the business. In terms of categories where we tend to see strength, as we talked about before, home theater is a very nice lead into things that you want to do in your homes. But, we’ve also seen some nice strength in what I’ll call, broadly, smart home and networking, this idea that somebody can come in and help me figure out how these things work together, as well as a better foray into some of the appliance space where I can actually have someone physically help me walk through. And one of the hardest things about appliances is to figure out how to measure them. And so, when you have someone who is there to help you with what’s to have, what’s not, what exactly am I trying to get in the space, we’ve also found that to be helpful. So, those -- as you would expect, those tend to be the leading categories. And now, we’re just starting to get our arms around and building on a great feel for yet is as you use those as kind of your foray or your first run categories than what do you see over time in some of those more secondary categories. And we’re still, like I said, learning in that space, but we like that. It’s stretching across the home into a few of the different rooms and capabilities.
Hubert Joly: Yes. I was going to comment on that -- the Best Buy 2020 strategy, as strong solutions and services orientation, but it is not always translated into service revenue. And a clear example of that is the In-Home Advisor program. As I said on the call and as you know, the first visit is free and then and it results in sale into products and some services revenue. The broader orientation is really focusing all of our activities on the customer needs and building the relationship with the customer. The biggest opportunity is in the expansion of our share of wallet of our existing and prospective customers, which is still today around 25%, 26%, as we discussed at our Investor Day. So, while we report and track services revenue, the strategy is much bigger than this particular line in revenue breakdown.
Hubert Joly: So, again, you’re cutting a little bit in and out. I think you were asking about whether we intend to have a handoff of our business to the mass channel. The clear answer is absolutely not. We noted, like everyone else, the strong results of number of other retailers including in the category. Bear in mind that everybody’s business is different in terms of mix. So, depending on their category and the quarter, the headline number can be high. But, we note that we continue to gain market share across all of the categories that we compete in. And there is absolutely no intension to have a handoff. We are polite and sort of nice, but not to this point. We think that we are building an elevated and unique customer experience. If your customer that is excited about technology and is looking for help and support and a relationship, we are building something that’s very, very special. And we feel it’s working. So, I know in the past, there has been this idea that once technology matures, it goes to the mass channel and then we have to move on. That’s not at all what we are seeing; that’s not at all the intention. And we’re very excited about the opportunities we have to build a very unique customer experience and deep sticky customer relationships.
Hubert Joly: Thank you, Matt. To be clear, we continue to very excited by online and all of the digital capabilities we’re building for our customers. When I see how we’ve evolved over the last 5 or 6 years, customer experience on the site and the app, the delivery, all of this, we look at things and I say, oh my God, our teams are really doing some great things. What we are referring to is a number of things. One is, as you will all appreciate, consumer electronics was one of the first categories that started to move online, and so the overall penetration is higher than in other categories. In fact, in our business, online is about 15% of our business. So, we’ve doubled the business, we’ve gone from $3 billion six years ago to now $6 billion. You’ll also note that we’ve been a pioneer. I mean, we’ve been doing in-store pickup for more than 10 years and we started ship from store in 2014. So, with our teams, we continue to be investing in the shopping experience, but the angle is shifting a bit and is in line with our Best Buy 2020 strategy, which is to build a broader customer relationship with our customers across all the touch points to use technology to improve the experience whether it’s in research, whether it’s in the shopping, whether it’s in services with our Geek Squad, we’re able to remotely help you with the support of your product. So, on a category-by-category basis, there is some products when there is a hot game console that tends to fly off the shelf. It’s really a well-known product and commodity. When it’s a more complex buying experience, then the customers will appreciate having conversation, seeing the experience -- experiencing the products in the stores and so and so forth. So, I think yes, it’s maturing, we’ll continue to invest but it’s a broader approach in the category. Corie, anything you’d like to add, no? Okay. 
Hubert Joly: So, there’s been a number of waves tariff increases over the last several months, starting with select appliances, and then the $36 billion with China followed by another $14 billion with China at the rate of 25%. Those results in our guidance reflect the impact of these tariffs. Not surprisingly, when there is a price increase, there is an impact. And in that context, while we -- I’m going to say, [indiscernible] the administration is doing some very important international trade goals, and these are difficult negotiations. We’ve been in dialogue with them on how to minimize the impact on consumers, and you’ve seen that in the $50 billion, the 36 plus 14, there is less consumer electronics products than originally contemplated. So, I think specifically it’s been reported that the tariffs have had some impact on appliances during the first half of the year. It’s not completely easy to measure, because a lot of the appliance purchases -- the stress situation where your fridge is broken, it’s not a discretionary decision, which is why we’re going to continue to be in close dialogue with the administration as we look ahead to minimize the disruption on the U.S. consumer and the U.S. economy.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Specifically, the impact is going to be tightly linked to the gross profit margin rates on the products. When gross profit rate is very low, then -- let’s say 25% -- let’s say gross profit rate is 20% on that particular product, 25% increase in the tariff is going to essentially result in a 20% price increase. There are material members. On the other hand, anytime our gross profit rate is materially higher, so let’s say 50%, then the impact, if we pass everything along is cut in half. And so, that’s a key differentiator. Of course, it’s also related to the ability of our vendors to observe the tariffs, and of course we are having negotiations, or over time, usually not in the short term but over time, to diversify the supply base. So, it’s a complex undertaking. Of course, we are very much following this and ongoing dialogue continues as we want to be sensitive, and I know the administration is as well, to the impact on the American families, workers, schools, small businesses and so forth.
Hubert Joly: We’re of course very pleased to report, I think it’s the 31 consecutive quarter of positive comps in appliances. We believe that the low double digits comparable reporting represents another market share gain in the category. It is true that in certain sub-segments, longer in particular, this is where you’ve seen the price increase. And so, -- but it’s -- appliance -- it’s about a quarter maybe of the total category, so it’s not the end of the world. In terms of macro factors which is your question with what’s happening in the housing and so forth, appliances are driven by new housing but also renovations and moves and so forth. So, we’re watching the sector, but we’re also watching the fact that as we discussed in previous quarters there is a significant change in the competitive landscape and significant tailwind from the competitive situation. And so, we believe revenue growth is principally driven by the continued strength in the category because it’s fluctuate -- positive category. And the market share gains which themselves are driven by the competitive situation and the continued improvements we’ve made in proficiency, the specialty labor investments we’ve made, the supply chain investments we’ve made and so forth. So, we continue to be upbeat and positive around this category as we move forward. We have talked about in addition to this, during Investor Day, about the favorable demographic aspects with the millennials finally leaving their parent’s house and which leads them have to invest in all of the shiny objects we sell in our stores appliances and others as well. We continue to monitor this, but this is what we see at this point.
Hubert Joly: So, the sales activities are very consistent with the pilots in the U.S., even though of course during the pilots, we had a whole range of options, we were testing, but at the highest level, it’s very consistent. In terms of the renewal rate, the pilot is not truly indicative at this point, because we did not have credit card on file as an option when we were initially piloting and we rolled this out as part of the national expansion. So, we’re going to have to wait for longer to have the read of that. And I think as I said in the prepared remarks, the impact on gross profit is very much in line with the expectations we had indicated when we launched this. And the situation is different from that we have seen in Canada.
Hubert Joly: Let me start with the second part. We will be initially running GreatCall as a separate entity because it is a different business. We will be -- and we’ve studied -- we have a number of, as you would expect, integration task forces, pursuing targeted value creation opportunities, in particular related to selling the existing products, like Jitterbug phones more aggressively, if I can put it this way, it’s been in our stores for a long way but we both GreatCall and Best Buy teams feel, there is more that we can do there. So, it’s going to be a separate business with targeted points of integration, targeted value creation opportunities. Most of GreatCall’s business today in these consumer products. They have a small but promising business that’s another good Assured Living. And across both Assured Living and GreatCall, we believe we have a -- there is an exciting opportunity in this idea of monitoring the behaviors in health of seniors in their homes with potentially very significant benefit of course for the aging seniors, their caregivers as well as the payers and providers. Today, in both cases, this is a small business. We think the potential is material, which rests in part on the ability to demonstrate the solution as a material benefit, as I indicated. And we’re going to be working together to see we go after this market. So, think in this area, small parallel tracks with a big opportunity down the road. 
Hubert Joly: How is that coming from a Frenchman who’s been in Minnesota for 10 years, I’m learning still the local practices.
Hubert Joly: Very good. As we conclude this call, I want to thank you for your continued interest in your work on Company. And of course we have immense appreciation for the Best Buy teams across the business for what they do for customers and for our shareholders every day. You all have a great day. Thank you.
