Matt Bilunas: Sure. This is Matt. I will take that question. First, in terms of the revenue guidance range, I think, obviously, holiday is always a special season for consumer electronics. Price and convenience is very important, and like any holiday, we take a very disciplined approach to setting the range, and so what we have set, we feel it’s very appropriate. I think in terms of what we are excited about that could be a good guide, we have a lot of exciting plans and offers and a lot of those includes very strong fulfillment options for our consumers. We still feel like the consumer is relatively strong and the economic indicators are in a good spot. Although, there’s been some -- a little bit of waning of consumer confidence, we still feel like the consumer’s in a good position, so that’s a good thing for us. Sequentially, mobile phones and computing are expected to improve a little bit in Q4. Home theater is also expected to get a little better than it has been on trend. In terms of what could go the other way, I think, obviously, in the holiday period, a lot of other retailers use our category sometimes to drive traffic, so we are thoughtful about thinking about that in our guidance range. Also -- there’s always a possibility of inventory constraints. We don’t see things at this point, but that’s always a possibility. And in terms of gaming, that’s -- it’s been soft all year and that’s something that we’re thoughtful about the range. On the gross profit side, I think, the puts and takes, I think, we talked about what the pressure was in Q4. I think, obviously, as you go through the holiday, you are never quite sure exactly what all the consumers are going to purchase, and the outlet sales mix can sometimes put a little bit of pressure either to the good or to the bad on your margin. Also, to the extent that our services offerings hold and continue to generate some excitement to the holiday, that could be a good guide as well.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. Thank you. I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about how those were both benefits to us for the last four quarters, so they have been helping on the margins. And I think it’s important to remember that from a GreatCall perspective, it increases the margin rate a bit, but it also increases the operating. So from an OI perspective, it’s still relatively neutral. On TTS, what we called out is a specific part to the revenue recognition refinement that we made. Service is a much bigger category. It includes obviously all the other runoff of legacy system, great legacy support offers, as well as installation and delivery and so when you put them together, we try to think of services in totality, and that is not as we talked about, it is a pressure in Q4. So, that’s kind of the way to think about those two.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. The EBIT line it’s pretty -- it’s relatively neutral for both of those two things as you consider all the factors of services into the TTS as well.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. We are not going to get specifics on how much dollars would have been without lower incentive compensation. In Q4, we do expect a carry on some strong SG&A management in Q4. So in Q4 the puts and takes are really lower incentive compensation, but we are also investing a little bit in advertising and labor. So it is going to be -- we do expect it to be favorable comparatively but we are not giving specifics on the lower incentives number.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. This is Matt. I think we are not going to get the rate of increase at the end of the year at this point, but I think the teams are feeling very well-positioned for the holiday week. Like I said, we had a lower inventory position at the end of Q3 simply because of the holiday shift in timing of being a week a little -- a week later this year. The teams will do what they need to do to be in a good position. I think we are always very thoughtful about bringing in the right amount and how much of that is owned versus not. So I think we are not going to give a specific amount, but I would expect us to continue to match that with the pace of sales that we expect as we head into next year.
Corie Barry: Yeah. I will tell a little bit about lease to own. First, we were going to start in the same place which is this is an offering we think, it is really good for our customers. At Best Buy, we always start with the branded credit card, but now we have another option for people who may not want to get into a credit card offering or may just have a more challenged credit history. We have talked a little bit about that at Investor Day. It is still a relatively small portion of the comp growth that we are seeing, but it is importantly an incremental -- either new or what had been a lapsed customer for us, and so we really like this opportunity to bring that customer back in. We didn’t launch the next nine states -- the new nine states including New York and California until just a couple of weeks ago, was very late into the third quarter. So, we will see how that plays here over the holiday season and into next year. Next year is really where we feel like we have a chance to continue to accelerate our growth here. This is something you can imagine that takes our associates some time to get comfortable with. It’s a different type of offer, and they need to definitely feel like they have good comfort in offering it. And we also continue to improve our experiences, both in-store, the information we ask for. But importantly next year, we want to be able to also offer it online, which would be a great addition for us. So we like it. It’s a good secondary offer, but still relatively small in terms of the overall comp.
Corie Barry: So the wonderful thing about being more omni-channel now is that tends to be how we look at our organic metric where we are looking at all of our metrics together. And what we saw in Q3 was traffic across all our channels was up at as was our average order value. And so those two were up, we thought and total transactions down just a little bit, but broadly like the health we are seeing in broad traffic up and those order value is up as well.
Corie Barry: …that that goes in at the 15th, and at the same time, it’s not very -- that portion, that tranche is not very material on the quarter. That tranche becomes more of a conversation piece for next year.
Corie Barry: Well, I think -- thank you for the question. I think since day one we have said our focus here is on making the very best in-home experience we can seamlessly across all the ways that we interact with people in their homes. And we said repeatedly over the last couple of years, we are going to take our time pacing this, because we definitely want to ensure creating clienteling at scale is not an easy task and we want to do everything we can to make sure we exceed the customer’s expectations if we get a chance to be in their home. I think some of what we have learned around how best to train is now being translated into to your point a bit of a different approach to training. It used to be when we pulled someone on Board we would use other IHAs to a very large extent to really help them understand what was expected of them, how to build a base of business and how to continue to build their clienteling. I think what we have done better now is created a much more standardized training program upfront that we can administer and allows the existing IHAs to continue to build a more robust clienteling capability while we are bringing new IHAs up to speed and getting them ready and working quickly. And so, I think, the team is learning a lot about how best to bring people on, what you train them in first, how to take your more experienced IHAs and put them against some of the more complex jobs. All of those are turning -- helping us continue to refine the IHA model. So to your point, I don’t know if I would say it’s just accelerated as much as us continuing to take the learning and pace where we think is appropriate based on the demand we are seeing. Importantly, I would also underscore the example that we gave in the New York market, which is we also think there are specific markets where this offering could be and should be even more relevant than others. When you look at the data about how people want to interact with us, how they want help in their homes, we think we uniquely have a really interesting opportunity to help people in their homes in these markets, and therefore, our ramping and training a little bit differently for some of these markets.
Corie Barry: This one is so difficult and we talked about before there just really isn’t a precedent for where we are right now and there are a lot of moving pieces. And as you can imagine, both our teams and our vendors are employing a number of strategies. In the third quarter specifically, we definitely saw a limited number of small price increases. And if you look at the items that were on the list on 4A things like TVs, and especially, some of the smaller screen size. I think in general what’s difficult, though, is that you now have quite a few items that are on any of the less than elasticities for any given individual item are incredibly difficult. And in fact, I think, it’s even more difficult as you head into Q4, which is a highly promotional season and we will be less about whether or not there’s a tariff on any individual item, it will be about promotional positioning throughout the quarter. And so I give our teams a great deal of credit for pretty carefully navigating thus far and to have really good plans into Q4 and we are seeing a variety of mitigation tactics go into place. We talked about this last time we had the call, obviously, we are thinking about where we assort and who we assort, definitely we are seeing promotional decisions being made by every single retailer out there as we head into this period. Obviously some of these are global vendors and they are thinking about how they move their supply chain, what pieces and parts they put into and how they decide to structure any of their different assemblies and we are already seeing some of the manufacturing move. And so, yes, we saw a little bit of impact into Q3, but as Matt said, it wasn’t material enough for us to quantify our call out. Q4 I think is all about price and promotion, and how you are positioning, and we will see how this evolves as we head into next year.
Corie Barry: So, obviously, we are not going to guide for next year yet. But I think what we like about this year is it underscores what has been our strategic point of view and that is people want and need electronics and those are going to continue to evolve over time and we have a very unique offering digitally in our stores and in-home that will help people make the best decisions and keep their products working.  As we head into next year, there’s obviously some things to be excited about. And counter point to that or at least something else to consider is the ongoing impact of tariffs potentially as we head into next year. So what the teams are doing right now as you can imagine is working through all of that, all the mitigation strategies that I just talked about and thinking about how we can put together the right suite of offers and experiences for our customers next year. I think no matter what, we feel like strategically we are positioned in the right way to capitalize on and commercialize new technology, which consistently we are able to do in a way that is very unique in the marketplace.
Corie Barry: It’s interesting. We don’t talk about it as much or talk about the M&A in it as much, but if you go into our stores, almost every what we would commercially refer to as department is connected to the next one or could be connected to the next one. And our associates are uniquely well-suited to help people navigate through the compatibility or the ability for people to connect broadly in their homes. 5G we have talked about it, it’s going to be a slow roll. It’s going to be market by market. But we have also said, we think there will be some interesting product innovation and that we again uniquely are able to help the consumer through what’s available specifically for them in their market and how could it show up for them in their home in a very seamless and integrated way. And I think, you will see and you have seen the stores continue to evolve in ways that highlight that interconnected capability. And I think, again, our team will, obviously, capitalize on that ability to commercialize any new technology, excuse me, that’s coming down the pipe that will help capitalize on 5G and just processing and information power that will provide.
Corie Barry: So first on the holiday selling season, every bit of consumer data would say consumers are starting earlier in the hopes that they actually can finish earlier. We don’t ever know exactly how that plays out for them, but that is every bit of consumer data that we are seeing. And I think every bit of data that we have seen certainly over the last five years is that the promotional cycle continues to pull earlier and earlier, and that more and more people are launching ads and deals earlier and earlier. Additionally, the fulfillment options that are available to people have completely changed the competitive landscape in terms of how quickly you can get your items with next day, same day, in-store pick-up, all of these being available and we feel particularly strategically relevant for us with our physical locations, our ability to be in your home, our next day available to 99% of the ZIP codes this really suits us well. And so our point of view is that the less days is much less relevant than it used to be historically and that you are going to capture that demand slightly differently, but that demand is coming. We like to joke and say there’s still the same number of days between Halloween and Christmas, and so we feel like shoppers are going to meet their needs the way that they want given all the fulfillment options. In terms of the Intel news, our team would say they feel very well-equipped for holidays and that we have the right products. We have -- Matt talked about inventory, very good inventory levels, lots of availability both in our stores and online. And then we will continue to work on that issue as we head into the next year. And I would argue our merchants are very good at navigating situations like this and are working towards the impacts for next year.
Corie Barry: No. I would just underscore, I think, this is a place where the team’s done a great job every computer that you could want to look at, feel and touch and get help with is available. And in spaces like now where there’s clearly interest on processing power, interest in high-end tablets, interest in computing, we are just very well-positioned to capitalize on that. So thank you all so much for joining us today. We look forward to updating you in our Q4 call in February, and we all hope -- we hope that you all have a safe and very happy holidays. Thank you.
Mike Mohan: Hey, Matt. This is Mike. Thanks for the question. I will start with the last part. We feel really good about how we are positioned competitively. Our teams there just call it two-thirds the way through our supply chain transformation and the progress we have seen to-date and the customer response has been fantastic. And we look at all aspects of what the customers see on our site versus competitors and what we are able to deliver. I think what makes it unique at Best Buy is a combination of automation we put in our large facilities, the metro e-commerce facilities that we added to some of our major markets. And then we have been doing in-store fulfillment both in-store pick-up and ship from store, longer than anybody else. And I think we have found ways to refine that so we can actually deliver on promises on the products that people want the most, so these high value consumer electronic items and depending on where you live in the country, we are just as good as anybody at getting you stuff right away. You can come to our stores or you can get stuff the very next day. And what complements that, I think, that has to be said, as you have got to be in stock on these items too, and I think, that’s something that our teams have proven expertise in. And so you put those all together and that’s what lets us deliver on we think a very compelling fulfillment promise, one that doesn’t cost us a lot of extra money, because of the investments we have made and it’s something that, Matt, talked about in his remarks, we are going to lead into help drive the comp in our fourth quarter.
Mike Mohan: Joe, it’s Mike. I will amplify a bit of the fulfillment comments to Matt. That’s part of the reason why we have improved our appliance business with the investments we have made in fulfillment. It wasn’t just speed and small parcel, and leveraging our store network. It was our large product delivery and how we built support with our own teams and with partners and we have make sure we improved that. And it’s complemented with the investments we have made in training, marketing, the in-store experience and we thought about this category end-to-end. And as I think most of you know is, a large percentage of appliance purchases happen with something that you don’t expect occurs, an appliance in your house breaks. And frankly a few years ago we just weren’t very good at that and we have made some really big improvements on how we can help customers navigate for items they can get a very next day, for things they can take with them from our stores, and then we continue the reinforcement with our in-home advisors the ability to help sell appliances when we are in your homes and continue to expand our assortment. So it’s a suite of investments across the Board that helped drive this. And as you know, we are now on our eighth year and counting on consecutive comp growth and we have been awarded JD Powers top honors third year in appliances and we like the category a lot and we like the customer response to what we are doing right now.
Mike Mohan: Yeah. Jonathan, it’s Mike. New York is a great place for us to start primarily because of the density of consumers and our sheer lack of stores in some of the areas we would like to support customers and where we see opportunities from alternative pick-up locations and curbside. Those are primarily the two things we launched in New York first. We see an opportunity to scale those both nationally as we get past this holiday because there clearly things that add value to the shopping experience at Best Buy and that’s something that we think we can do. So it’s a great question. Thank you for asking it.
Mike Mohan: Yeah. Zack, it’s Mike. I think, the gaming category still is exciting. We think about it broad -- more broadly than just the console category based on what we think and where consumers are looking for experiences to be enhanced. Obviously we are on the year cycle of new devices coming out next holiday. So you have got kind of the best of both worlds for consumers thinking about what they want to do and thinking now -- between now and next holiday what they are feeling. So we have talked about gaming not being a driver for our business and we are seeing that reflect ourselves in the result. But also the category is promotional and drives good footsteps. And clearly this holiday you can see by what we are promoting. There’s some exciting offers and there’s still demand for that. Just at lower price points than they historically have been. I think there’s a sizeable shift and it will be for the foreseeable future how software compliments the experience and we have seen that for some time. So the consumer wants to move into higher power costs of devices more connected as it plays really good to our strengths on getting the right devices and the right accessories to meet the solution. And we think it will still be a great category for us as we move forward.
