Brian J. Dunn: Thanks, Jim. We’ll take your questions in a minute but first I want to make a note for the record -- today marks that last time we will engage in this quarterly discussion with Brad Anderson as our CEO. Seven years ago, Best Buy was riding high, coming off our best year ever by traditional measures. We were winning in the marketplace but those of us in what Brad would call the established orthodoxy of Best Buy didn’t realize is that we were winning a game that was rapidly coming to a close and we were not ready for the new game.  It took someone with tremendous vision and the courage of his convictions to remove our blinders and I can tell you it was not easy for him or for us, but he did it. He led Best Buy from the shifting sands of the product centric world and insisted that we rebuild our foundation on solid ground, on what we have come to call customer centricity. It’s on that timeless foundation that we move forward, confident that we can change with customers into a world of unimagined mobility and connectivity. We believe we are well-positioned to thrive in this new world and we owe a huge debt of gratitude to one man for the vantage point we enjoy -- Brad Anderson.  On behalf of all of us at Best Buy across the world, 155,000 strong, thank you, Brad.  With that, I will open it up for questions. 
Brian J. Dunn: So the color on that, really two pieces -- we did some advertising last year really related to gift card promotions around high definition DVD players that we gave to customers, so that was an item that we are benefiting from lapping. And secondly as we just looked at the re-phasing of our advertising for the year, we expect that some of the favorability that we originally planned in Q1, we’re going to push out to later periods. 
Brian J. Dunn: And the last piece on market share is when you dig into the categories, as Mike mentioned, dig into the categories in which Circuit City had decent mid-single-digit share in, that’s where you will see big share pick-up in our categories. So you have to go underneath the big number and look at the specific categories in which we’re gaining. 
Brian J. Dunn: If I could just add one thing to Mike’s answer, I think the sustainability of these new technologies, these new products come onto our sales floor, I think what really drives the sustainability for us over the mid- and long-term is the fact that we have these men and women in our stores who are connecting with customers and understanding, helping customers understand what these new, these advancements can do for them. That really matters and from my view, that is sort of what is sustainable about our model relative to the new technologies that come our way. 
Brian J. Dunn: Scot, one of the things we’ve seen since the world changed a bit in September is a continued strength and material growth in notebooks, smartphones, and these items have really moved from the world of discretionary, we believe, to -- these have really become utilities. This sort of notion of ubiquitous connectivity has become critical to people’s lives and I think we are seeing that in how customers are choosing to spend their dollars right now. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Thanks, Gary. So on the gross profit rate, as we look forward to the balance of the year, one of the things that has been in our model for certainly the past four or five quarters is the growth in our computing business has been certainly putting a drag on our gross margin rate. As we mentioned up-front, we are very happy with the sales in that space in that consumers are choosing the options that Best Buy have and we are happy to sell those products to consumers to connect them to the digital world. It does put pressure on the gross profit rate so that’s been a drag that we welcome. We expect that that is going to continue for this year. The two new elements that we will also see this year on the mix side of the business is as we lap and anniversary our Best Buy mobile launch. Some of the benefit we’ve been seeing in the mix this year will start to mitigate as we lap that launch, which principally starts in Q2 and Q3 of next year.  So the 40 to 50 basis points of rate improvement that we expect to continue is going to be mitigated by the mix impact of growth in our computing business in the balance of the year. 
James L. Muehlbauer: We’ll have to see where the actual mix goes. I mean, once again, in that 70, there were items in there that I tried to call out that were related to lack of transitions in some key product categories. One of the reverse benefits of being low on inventory coming out of the first quarter is that we have less product to transition and we called that out on the last quarter call as well. So that 70 basis points we didn’t view as sustaining in the first place. The balance of the 40 to 50 is going to be mitigated once again by the mix impact, and we’ll see how things mix out for the balance of the year. That’s our best view now but clearly as we learned last year, there’s a long way to go in the year and it will be a very interesting environment for consumer spending.  Your second question, Gary, really had to deal with some of the opportunities and risk factors that we talked about both on last quarter’s call and on our call just now, and certainly as we look at how the recovery period either starts to engage or doesn’t engage for the back half of the year, pressures that we see in the environment around both our vendor community and certainly from a competitive standpoint, we’re playing a different game this year with the mix of competitors that we have and certainly the offerings that we are putting in the marketplace. So as we sit here in the end of the first quarter, it’s difficult to predict exactly how that game is going to be different with companies like Circuit City out of the mix. So part of the upside that we have and certainly part of the thing that we are monitoring is what does consumer behavior look like with the lack of Circuit City and certainly as the unemployment continues to move up and the recession period extends out, how do we see any changes in consumer behavior overall from a spending perspective.  I think part of that is also contributed by the same headlines we all read around what’s going on in the banking industry around credit. Certainly there are a number of institutions, including our business partner, that have been looking at their credit activity and making adjustments both in response to the significant level of charge-offs they are seeing in their portfolios and quite honestly in reaction to some of the legislative changes that have been handed down. And we continue to work with our banking partners as we have over the last few years to adjust and monitor the performance of our portfolio Best Buy light of those changes.
James L. Muehlbauer: So domestic comparable store inventories were basically flat for the quarter. If you’ll recall at the end of last quarter, comparable store inventories for our domestic business were down 15%, which was lower than we wanted it to be. We have taken the time since the last quarter to get better in-stock positions in some of the primary categories that we were short on in Q1 and saw that inventory position build through the quarter to get to a flat comparable store inventory level. So we feel good that we have great in-stock levels for customers as we sit here today. You know, there certainly is going to be opportunities and challenges as we look what consumer demand looks like going forward with specific SKUs, but we made a good recovery and making sure that we are in good in-stock positions by the end of the quarter. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, we haven’t quoted that publicly but it was meaningful, obviously, otherwise we wouldn’t have called it out specifically. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, I think it’s going to be flattish. I mean, I am very encouraged that we are tracking better than plan right now but we’ll have to see how the year plans out. The thing that we are being very purposeful on and I know there may be some questions around why not raise guidance at this point in time and specifically, it’s just in light of what might happen in the consumer environment. We’re not trying to provide some cushion to spend more SG&A in the back half of the year. It’s clearly recognizing, especially after last year’s, that there’s a lot of unknowns in the environment yet. We are going to continue our cost control and to the specific point on advertising, we think now is a great time to be out there with the effective promotions that we have, as evidenced by what we are doing from a share standpoint. And we’re going to see more opportunities to build our share, so that advertising is an integral element of bringing customers into the Best Buy story. So it’s not something that we are looking at peeling back from our budget at this point in time. 
James L. Muehlbauer: Matt, maybe just to follow-up on Mike’s response around your market share, what we are excluding today as far as our market share is the three months ended April, so in that you do have a little bit of a Circuit activity that is still going on from a liquidation standpoint. And remember also we talked last quarter about being out of stock in some key categories, so as we look at the -- certainly the share performance in March, April, May and June, we’re expecting that trend to continue to build, which I believe was Brian’s point. 
James L. Muehlbauer: If we look at the sequential comps in the quarter, you’re absolutely right. We started to build share certainly through Q3 and Q4 last year, as Circuit was winding down operations. One of the things we knew was going to happen towards the end of the year, the first part of this fiscal year, is that as they went out of business and did their liquidation sales, we knew that would take revenue out of the marketplace for us, so we knew that was going to put pressure on our comps overall. So what we saw in Q1 from a progression standpoint is honestly exactly what we thought would happen. We knew that the pressure on comps would be greater towards the end of Q1 as we lapped the stimulus activity.  As a matter of fact, from a comparable store sales standpoint, on a monthly basis May is our most difficult comparison period for the year. On a quarterly basis, Q2 will be our most difficult comparison for the year within domestic. So looking at the comp sales progression in the quarter for our domestic business, going up as the quarter went along, absolutely anticipated. I think we made the comment on the call this morning as well, we saw a little bit more softness in the CE industry than we thought but we also grew more share than we planned. So the combination of those two events actually allowed us to deliver a comp store sales performance that was actually above our plan expectations for the quarter. 
Mike Vitelli: That’s a great characterization, Greg. That’s just how we feel. We believe we’ve got ourselves in a good in-stock position on the new SKUs and the new services and products that are in our different departments, and we feel pretty balanced and our days of supply given our forward outlook are right where we would want them to be. 
Mike Vitelli: The period that we are looking at and we’re discussing today is March, April and May. March was a period where we, as we described earlier, we’re still getting back into inventory, so our share gains in March were probably more depressed than we would have liked them to be at that point in time. We’re starting to see those share gains start to accelerate as both we’re in-stock and inventory and the fact that we’re completely out of that period.  So we’re seeing the acceleration start to grow and we’re seeing the share gains in categories where we’d expect to see them, where there’s different types of competition. What do I mean by that? So if you look in the entertainment area, music, movies, and games, that’s a place where products are ubiquitously available almost everywhere and we’re getting a kind of a storefront proportionate share. But in areas where we are uniquely competitive, in car stereo, for example, where we are one of the few national players, in higher end home theater, in computing, and cell phones -- these are areas where we are seeing the most significant share gains. Digital imaging is another one. 
Mike Vitelli: It hasn’t materially changed. I would say the one thing that we are doing differently now than we did a couple of years ago is we are not advocating lower end price points. So we used to be able to say okay, we’re going to focus a lot of our attention on the higher end and kind of let the lower end go where it’s going to go. We’re being more aggressive there, particularly in flat panel TVs. So we’re seeing as much growth in the smaller screen sizes as we are in the larger screen sizes, which we think is good overall because in a sense, it’s a traffic driver to the whole home theater and entertainment department. But I wouldn’t say that there’s a massive shift to where people are saying okay, I’m stepping out of high-end television and going to the low-end. In fact, the opposite. We are seeing some strong growth in the LED televisions which are some of the highest priced ones that are in the market today. 
Mike Vitelli: Again, we quoted through the end of April, our share gains were strong throughout the quarter. We don’t have May’s share data yet but we know the industry, because it was down low-single, low double-digits, 13% or so, and our trends were quite a bit better than that, as May turned out. So yes, we think May will be good. 
Mike Vitelli: I don’t think it’s that precise of math. The one thing that is in there is that 200 basis points is an all-category three-month average. The number on a monthly basis is accelerating. February is when they were liquidating, March we were less in-stock than we would have liked to be and the market was a little more depressed. April is accelerating and we think May is going to continue to do that. And again, as I said, it’s very different by category so I think we are getting the share that we would expect to get in the categories where we would like to get it and the more commodity type categories like music and movies are much more spread. 
Mike Vitelli: Well, I’ll start. I would not characterize our promotional activity as benign. I think we’ve put some great values in the marketplace as new products came out and we put them front cover, front and center. Our master promotion, albeit an early start for a new category for us is trying to be competitive in an area where we actually haven’t played before. We’ve been front and center with all of the new cell phones as they come into the marketplace, so I think we’ve been as competitive as we have always been. There are less people with a national ad but the competition in the marketplace is very, very strong.  So I don’t think it’s a scenario where we are going to sit back and be able to say we are going to get an extra 10% higher on every unit that we are selling. I don’t think that’s the marketplace we’re in. In fact, I think it’s quite the opposite, as everybody is trying to aggressively bring consumers into their store. You don’t see it as much because there may be less print that we are all able to get our hands on and compare but there are so many other places where the consumer is able to get and look at value for dollar that we are being as aggressive as we need to be at all times. 
Mike Vitelli: Well, to answer your first question on getting the products in-stock faster, I think that’s a function of the supply chain work and the collaborative planning and forecasting that we do with our vendors regularly. And we sit there and actually plan with them ahead of time when are the products going to come in and how we can bring them into the market faster. Because that’s actually good for us and it’s good for our suppliers. They get into their newer products, which is where they have their cost-downs and manufacturing, et cetera, so it’s good for them and it’s good for us. The fact that we can do it and execute with them is a positive I think for the industry as a whole and we believe that’s sustainable over a period of -- over multiple years. It doesn’t happen more than once a year, generally, except in an area like PCs, but for the most part we think that’s a sustainable advantage for us going forward.  As far as the promotional effectiveness, I’m not sure what the underlying theme of that phrase but I think in the first quarter, what that was for us related to going from one set of product line-up to another year, the transition period, we were able to be effective in that we didn’t have to -- we didn’t have excess inventory that we had to mark down excessively to move it and get into the new product line. I think that’s where the promotional effectiveness comment comes from in the first quarter. 
Mike Vitelli: As I said to Colin, I think the lack of the Circuit City circular isn’t -- it does not change the competitive environment one bit. I think there are regionals that are continuing to grow with their aggressiveness. The online channel grows with theirs, the mass channel grows with theirs. Yes, there is one less competitor in the marketplace but it’s no less a competitive market. 
Mike Vitelli: We think netbooks is a positive. We’re starting to see it grow. It brings more people into the marketplace. In many cases, it becomes a second device, is what we are seeing, where this is my travel unit that to your point can be connected to the Internet every place that I go and in that sense can become a subscription model in that it is tied to a mobile broadband service, and we think that is a big area of growth in the industry overall over this year and the next couple. And to Brian’s earlier point, this is one thing we are going to be able to show to customers we believe better than anybody else is, and to be able to connect them to the service and have them walk out working with their netbook as they leave the store. 
Mike Vitelli: I think we’re still seeing massive growth in the overall portable PC industry as this becomes basically an indispensable device, whereas before it was a -- it was something that gee, I’d like to have -- it’s become a must-have, and not only for -- you know, you’d have one per family. Now you’re having one per person and netbook gets you to multiples per person. So I think we are actually starting to see an acceleration of a category that we have taken for granted for a couple of years. 
Mike Vitelli: Right, and just factually on a comparison basis, although Q4 and Q1 were weak, the last three months actually are the weakest in the industry, partially because of how strong last year was. So the industry is weaker than we expected. The comparisons are more difficult on an industry basis. 
Mike Vitelli: We saw a lot of activity overall. Of course you had the expected late last minute activity and we sold over 175,000 boxes the week right of the transition. 
Mike Vitelli: That’s right. It was just an amazing number, and it was a great testament I think to what our Geek Squad and our employees in our store were doing to help our customers get this done across the country. But we saw all levels of activity, both people coming in to get a box and that’s a great opportunity for us to have people see all the new televisions, so we think that’s going to be -- that was a little bit of a stimulus in the sense of people coming into the store and seeing some products for the first time. 
Mike Vitelli: Yeah, it was interesting because we actually got -- the FCC actually gave us some grants to actually let us do that for customers around the country that needed help to actually set the product up, which was great for those people that were able to help out because it wasn’t your average person like, hopefully like us that could do that ourselves but people that needed the help. 
Mike Vitelli: As I said in prior calls, I try desperately not to predict where ASPs are going, as it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy of Best Buy is going to see the ASPs going this way, therefore we need to be more aggressive than that. 
Mike Vitelli: But suffice it to say, the actual activity that we saw in the first quarter, the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, there was not a drop in costs per inch of television, so there wasn’t a material change and I think given some of the results that the manufacturing world saw in the fourth quarter, based upon losses in the flat panel business on a total supply chain basis, I think there’s a deep desire to make that a more profitable business across the entire world. 
Mike Vitelli: Well, LEDs are clearly a higher cost technology and as they mix in, and they are mixing in well with us and they are an exciting product in the industry, it’s one of the -- since high definition and flat panel came to market, it’s one of the more demonstrable and noticeable changes in technology that’s visible to the average consumer without explanation. 
