Corie Barry: Okay, I’ll try to hit them both. So as it relates to Q2, it was not as much about cost reductions. That was really a balance between investments and cost reductions in the quarter. It was really more what we talked about, some of the profitability that we saw in our categories. And then, remember, I’d mentioned we had a small legal settlement as well that was not expected. And so it was really about the profitability of the categories. And then you’re right to call out maintaining that flat SG&A year-over-year, which was a bit of us kind of catching the trend of sales as the quarter went on. In the back half, you’re right to call out that we believe we see potentially more investments. Really, for us, it’s a balancing act. Hubert talked about a couple of the different initiatives that we’re rolling out in the back half. And we’re still working on exactly when do you roll and how do you roll, and this allows us a little bit of flexibility to make sure we do it right, that we invest appropriately and that we feel like we’re really putting our best foot forward in some of these key initiatives. In terms of the cost-reduction plan we laid out, the guidance -- the cost reduction is implied in the guidance that we gave you. And so we told you, depending on the quarter, sometimes those things would offset nicely, sometimes they wouldn’t. It kind of depends on what the investment profile looks like by quarter.
Corie Barry: And keep in mind, in the $2 billion number that Hubert cited, not all of that is appliances and home theater. There are categories in there that we also don’t participate in. So you’ve got to kind of narrow down exactly what’s available to us.
Corie Barry: Yes. So I would not expect sustainability of this kind of margin expansion. To your point, we’ve seen this kind of margin expansion, and on the gross profit line specifically, for a while now. We’re starting to lap some of that expansion from last year. And so implied in our guidance is that we expect that to actually moderate into Q2 and then even potentially to have some pressure as we head into the back half, which is, of course, a completely different competitive environment. And a lot of that has to do with, like I said, the lapping.  The other hard part is in Q1, remember, we had a positive legal settlement, and then in Q2, remember, we’re lapping the profit shares from the prior year. So just sequentially between those two things, that’s 25 basis points of pressure right there. And so you have to -- and we’ll help model out those profit shares throughout the year, but those will continue in Q2, Q3 and Q4, where we lap all of those and they add some pressure to that gross profit line.  In terms of the warranties, EP specifically, we didn’t call it out, obviously, as a key driver in our walk. It certainly is helpful to see the services side of the business grow. And we like the growth, most importantly, and we like the opportunity to serve our customers and especially, as Hubert said, specifically around mobile, where there’s a really good value proposition there for people who want to keep their phones safe.
Corie Barry: And Matt, above and beyond the In-Home Advisor pilot, Hubert hit on it, we’ve had excellent Geek Squad agents going into people’s homes for years. And I would also highlight particularly in our Magnolia Design Centers have been doing really complex and thorough in-home work for a long time. So we’ve also used those learnings to apply to this broader experience that you get from an In-Home Advisor.
Corie Barry: I would love to talk about this. So first of all, just to be clear, it’s 600 million but it’s over a longer time frame than the 400 million was. The 400 million was over three years. We’re committing to the 600 million by the end of fiscal 2021. So just to make sure I’m very clear about that. And I love how you framed the question because you’re hitting exactly where we think there is potential over time. As we invest in things like In-Home Advisor and some of those more complex, interpersonal conversations, we believe there’s real opportunity to take waste out of the system through automation. And there are places like our supply chain, there are places like some of our call centers where we believe we have real opportunities to become more automated, and we’ve talked about this before. With the retail landscape evolving so quickly, many times, you’re putting in stopgaps as quickly as you can, and you’re not thinking about how to streamline it or how to automate it. You’re just thinking about how to get it done and get it implemented. And now what we’re finding is when you take the time to step back, get a really smart group of people together and look at how could we do this better, how could we automate it, that’s the place where we’re starting to see some real opportunity. So the essence of your question I think is exactly spot on to where we think there’s opportunity over this next period of time.
Corie Barry: That being said, I think our guidance would imply a more moderate view on home theater. And we’re -- to Hubert’s point, we’re watching it closely. But I think we took a prudent stance in where we think the industry might go on this one.
Corie Barry: Yes. I think that as we look to the back half, and we were talking about kind of some of that flexibility around investments, a piece of that certainly for us is continued flexibility around fulfillment in particular. And as you see the online business grow and you see the customer demands around speed and choice continue to evolve, we do believe that, over time, we need to continue to invest and make sure that we’re delivering in the ways that our customers want. Obviously, when we talk about the cost reductions, we always talk about the inherent pressures in our business as a piece of what we’re trying to offset. That’s why we continue to believe the cost reduction is so important. It’s because of the pressures that you can see in the -- not just the channel shift but in how people want to get their products and how we’re fulfilling. And that’s, honestly, both large cube and small cube for us.
Corie Barry: Oh, okay. So first, let’s cover -- I think I jotted all this down. First, on the iPhone, honestly, there’s a wide spectrum of belief in terms of how the iPhone will perform, and we know about as much as you do in terms of exactly what this phone is going to be, when it’s going to launch. We said from day one, we’re taking a moderate view on the iPhone launch. And in general, I -- if you just take step back, I think you have to think about, and Hubert hit on it in his prepared remarks, the changing and evolving landscape of mobile and people moving into installment billing plans, replacement cycles extending slightly as a result. I think our guidance would imply that continued kind of moderate view, and we’ll update it as we know more. But at this point, that’s what we have in there. You then hit on the inventory issues. In Q3, when we talked about supply, it was all about the Note and the lack of there being a Note. And in Q4, that expanded to include some other areas where we were having trouble with supply. You’re absolutely right in that the guidance factors those things in. We are, at this point, assuming there is some kind of Note launch. Don’t know when, don’t know exactly what it is, but we’re at least assuming that you can kind of fill up that hole in the bucket in what we gave you.
Corie Barry: At this point, we’re not going to guide to separate quarters because here’s the problem. It’s so dependent on the timing of the releases, and you even saw that in this quarter, right, when we said just pushing out a few weeks given the demand that you see, particularly in that launch period, it can make a huge difference on the quarter. And so that’s why, at this point, we’re really just trying to talk about the back half.
Corie Barry: Yes. Well, remember, there’s a couple of things. Remember, first quarter was buoyed at least 10 basis points by a legal settlement that we had. In Q2, we’re going to lap last year’s profit sharing. So between those two things sequentially, you’ve got 25 basis points of pressure just between those two things. Then underneath that, we’ve said, and we’ve cited it now for a number of quarters, we’ve seen some strength in particularly home theater margins, computing margins, and we’re starting to lap some of that strength that we saw. And so we believe we’re going to start to see a bit of moderation. Not that you’re going to give it up, but you’re just going to see some moderation in our ability to gain at the pace that we’ve been gaining.
Corie Barry: So if you remember, when we chatted with you guys what seems like just a little bit ago, we were seeing NPD trends in our business for the first few weeks of the quarter that were down more than 10%. The quarter ended at down about 3.2% based on NPDs, and so you can kind of read from that. As the weeks went on, we started to see this gradual shift back. I don’t believe that, that continues on at any pace into Q2. I think -- we feel like we’ve seen more of a normalization in our business and that the bump you kind of get when you get that nice refund check, we think we’ve passed that.
Corie Barry: On your services question, keep in mind, right now, and we said it, these are pretty small pilots. In terms of how we think about the revenue there, it will flow as services revenue, and it would be a part of the services comp. But again, as we think about whether or not we’re going to roll these initiatives and remember, this one is very much a test in pilot and we’re learning. Not large, so you’re not going to see much about it this quarter or likely next, but we will also keep some flexibility in terms of how we think about rolling out and the economics behind it as we head into the back half of this year and into next year and we get that model more refined.
Corie Barry: Yes, thank you. I will answer directionally. First, let me make sure I clarify kind of a difference here. On the In-Home Advisor, there is no revenue associated with an In-Home Advisor visit specifically. Remember, this is a free visit from an In-Home Advisor who’s going to come and help you, a consultant for you in your home. The revenue comes from what you would choose to purchase as a result of that visit, be it hardware or services. In general, Hubert alluded to the fact that and I think there was a really good question around what gives you confidence to roll this out, after now a year and half years of testing in various markets, we like the overall financial model because, of course, you do have to prove out the investment in this case since there’s both people and resources going into people’s homes. But in general, we like what we’re seeing when we spend that time and have that marketing folks build a relationship with one of our customers. So I just wanted to make sure I was really clear. There isn’t service revenue associated with the In-Home Advisor specifically. It’s more what that adviser enables.
Corie Barry: Alan, thank you for the question. I think you can even see implied in our Q2 guidance, we aren’t expecting that same kind of flow-through to continue. And part of that is the rate at which we’re investing in some of the things that we’ve talked about. Part of that is just flat out moderation in the gross profit rate expectations. Part of that is we start to lap some of the profit shares that we had last year that we had specifically called out as $60 million of pressure on the year. And so we -- you can see implied both in Q2 and even in the back half guidance, we would expect that to moderate as we come through the rest of the year.
Corie Barry: It would not be appropriate to assume that. And we actually said we are going to need to take that cost out to help fund both the investments that we’re making and the pressures we see in our business. And specifically, when you think about things like improving our fulfillment capabilities and -- I mean, you’ve seen it. The rates at -- and pace at which change is happening in retail continues to be amazing, and we believe that cost reduction is necessary for us to reinvest in our business and make sure that we are also moving at that same pace.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thanks, Peter. So yes, a competitor filed last quarter, and I think they’re finishing the closing of their stores. It’s always a little bit choppy initially, given promotions, liquidation and so forth, but we believe we’re seeing some lift in the sales in the stores, of course, around their locations in appliances and home theater. To provide some order of magnitude, their appliances and home theater business, that’s about $2 billion, and we’ll get a share of that. It’s about 200 stores, so about 20% overlap with our stores. As you can imagine, our teams are very mobilized around maximizing our return from that opportunity, appropriate inventory level position, enhanced marketing investments and, of course, great readiness on the part of our associates to really be helpful to these customers. So we expect this is going to be moderately helpful as we look forward, and we’ll, of course, update you as we move forward.
Hubert Joly: Thank you for your question. So the -- we are operating in several markets, and we’ve been operating now -- it started in San Antonio and Austin 1.5 years ago. And so we have, we feel, after the experience in these various markets, some very good indications. So first, the customer experience is great. If the need of the customer is complex, if you’re redoing your home theater or if your network is -- needs to be improved, having these conversations in the home unlocks all sorts of discussions with the customers. There are some needs that people never talk about in the stores. So we feel the customer response is very, very good. We also feel, to your point about skills, that we’ve been able to really hone and refine the skills requirements, the training necessary to do this right. Initially, and sometimes in these conversations, we -- when people are talking, they say, is that the Geek Squad doing this? No, it’s not the Geek Squad. These are professional, consultative sales consultants and they have broad product knowledge and the ability to really uncover the underlying customer needs.  So great response from a customer standpoint; great results from a sales standpoint, because we’re doing this as part of a key growth initiative. We’ve also taken the time to look at the tools we need to be able to do this. So I referenced a customer relationship management system that we’ll be implementing for the In Home Advisors as we move forward. Now note that we’re still pacing ourselves, right? So we’re going to offer this service nationwide sometime in the back half of the year. And a key variable, of course, is the number of advisers we’ll have in each market, and this is something we’ll tune. This is an effort where supply creates demand. And sometimes, there is lag between the time when you appoint somebody, then they have to be trained, then they have to develop the a book of business. So we’re pacing ourselves. But the early indications are very positive, and it really highlights how we can leverage our various capabilities, online, the stores and going into people’s homes. So candidly, we’re excited, which is why we’re doing this, and we’ll see how big this can become.
Hubert Joly: Maybe I’ll start and Corie will augment. We’re continuing to watch this. We continue to be excited by the TV category. There’s continued innovation that keeps coming back or keeps coming online. OLED is, of course, a very significant one that we are excited about. Quarter-to-quarter, there will always be fluctuations based on when new products come in, capacity, pricing and so forth. So I wouldn’t draw massive conclusions from the first quarter. This is something we’ll have to watch as we get into the next quarters. There are some discussions not going to get into today as this is highly competitive. But don’t take the trend of the first quarter as an indication of a strategic shift in the category. It’s probably more of a transitionary nature.
Hubert Joly: We -- I think we continue to have the same view, which is ongoing optimization of the store footprint. Corie, in her prepared remarks, mentioned a number of stores that have been closed in the last year. This is an ongoing process we are managing very systematically and with great rigor on an ongoing basis. So no material change here. The stores continue to be a great asset for us. They’re a great asset from the standpoint of the customer experience on the more complex categories or experiences, and they’re a great asset from a shipping and logistics standpoint. So -- and as you remember, our stores are profitable. So there’s no sea change that we are seeing more gradual continued evolution of our approach to real estate.
Hubert Joly: Well, there’s the market and then there’s market share. There’s been, indeed, a moderation of the growth in the market. It continues to be positive, driven by what’s happening in the housing sector. In the quarter, comps are in the single digits, which has been lower than what we have had historically but continue to be very positive, so we’re excited about this. The HHGregg bankruptcy was more towards the tail end of the quarter, so not necessarily a huge impact in the quarter. We believe we’ll continue to gain market share. And so we continue -- strategically, we continue to be excited about the sector. But you’re right to underscore that, at the macro level, from a market standpoint, the growth rate has been a bit more moderate.
Hubert Joly: Yes. Thank you, David, for highlighting what has been, indeed, a key driver of recovery. Clearly, being the leading -- in fact, the only national specialty retailer in the sector gives us a great asset and we are able to provide great value to our vendors, and we love the way we are partnering with them from a product development standpoint, marketing and then merchandising and in-store experience. As we move into this next phase, we’ll continue to have similar partnerships. I think we’ll also expand them more into the services and solutions arena. So clearly, the announcement we made just a few weeks ago around Best Buy Smart Home powered by Vivint is an example, a great example of that, and you’ll see that in 400 stores in -- later this year. The discussions with the vendors can also get into how do we provide a more complete holistic experience to the customers, how do we work together to solve real customer needs and problems so -- and expanding what we can do into the tech support and the solutions arena. So there’s a number of conversations happening in that arena. So it’s going to be an addition. So we continue to do the product partnerships and expand -- and we’re very interested in expanding into the services and solutions, again, with Vivint being the first good illustration of that.
Hubert Joly: Again, I’ll start and Corie will add. So this is a key element you are highlighting a key element of the strategy from a financial standpoint, right? During the Q1 call the Q4 call, rather, we had highlighted the financial equation we are trying to solve is grow the top line, continue to drive efficiencies and then try to develop more recurring revenue streams and stickier customer relationships to help the financial equation. So in the services and solutions space, of course, this offers the opportunity to do this. Specifically, as it relates to Best Buy Smart Home powered by Vivint, I want to highlight one thing, which is, given the way we are currently approaching the business with Vivint, you should assume that the bulk of the revenue recognition is going to be from the ongoing service revenue stream as opposed to the initial hardware, so which means that the top line impact is going to be very moderate. And then there is some kind of profit-sharing agreement. So it’s a recurring revenue stream with profitability over multiple years. And so hopefully, that adds some color. Clearly, in fiscal ‘18, the impact on the business is going to be very moderate because we are rolling out really in the middle or the back half of the year. There’s ramp-up costs and so on and so forth. So this is a case where you have the initial investment and then the in-year impact is really very moderate.
Hubert Joly: Yes. I would say, David, that we are excited by the fact that there’s a set of emerging technologies. And it’s been very interesting to see the inflow and the regular inflow of a variety of technologies, VR being one of them. You had drones. You’ve had a variety of products like this. The impact of VR specifically is small, but we like the proliferation of innovation across our sectors.
Hubert Joly: Very good. In conclusion, several of you have highlighted the work that goes into delivering these results and you’ve been kind enough to share some compliments. Corie and I will make sure to pass these compliments to our teams. The work that everybody is putting in to continuing to move the company forward is very exciting, and I want everybody at the company to know how much we appreciate and admire the efforts and the quality of the work. And of course, we appreciate your support and your continued interest. And as promised, any technology needs, you know where to find us, and we’ll find you. So have a great day. Thank you.
