Corie Barry: Yeah, absolutely, Anthony. I think you've probably seen in the media that across retail, we are definitely seeing more and more, particularly, organized retail crime and incidence of shrink in our locations. And I think you've heard other retailers talk about it, and we certainly have seen it as well. I want to start with, our priority has always been and will remain the safety of our people, whether that's the pandemic, whether that is unruly customers, whether that is outright theft, which is a great deal of what we're seeing right now, and this is a real issue that hurts and scares real people. We are doing a number of things to protect our people and our customers. We are - as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we are finding ways where we can lock up product but still make that a good customer experience. In some instances, we're hiring security. We're working with our vendors on creative ways we can stage the product. We're working with trade organizations. But you can see that pressure in our financials. And more importantly, frankly, you can see that pressure our associates. This is traumatizing for our associates and is unacceptable. We are doing everything we can to try to create as safe as possible environments.
Corie Barry: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Liz. We have been really focused on this idea that tech could be instrumental in helping people age more comfortably in their homes for quite a while. It started with our purchase of a GreatCall a few years ago. And part of the reason that we brought GreatCall on board is they had massive experience in dealing with an aging population. And specifically to your question, targeting the right messages to the right people, which is not just targeting the aging population, it's also targeting caregivers who may be looking for some of this product. And so you've seen us over time. We established a relationship with AARP back in March of 2020 as one of our venues. We have a lot of actually, in this space, direct mail and direct targeting because for the populations that we're looking at here, those are some of the most effective means that we have. And then over time, I think you're going to see some of our more broad-based Best Buy messaging, really pointing to the fact that we have a variety of solutions that can help people age in their homes. It's not always just the devices and the care wrappers. Sometimes it's things like a Facebook portal where you can connect with someone on the other side really simply and easily or a device – you know, a camera and a security system where I can easily lock my door without having to get up or I can keep an eye on that aging loved one. And I think already, you've seen me will continue to see run the gamut of both these very targeted messages to the population that we really want to inform all the way to these kind of more broad-based solution driven messages about what we could help you do to care for a loved one.
Corie Barry: Well, what's interesting about Totaltech in the aging in place scenario is that, it is more important than ever that your technology works for you if you're relying on it for your safety or if you're a caregiver if you're relying on it for the safety of others. And so the support wrapper around all of the things that we're talking about in health is important. And it also will help, obviously, this population, whether it's the caregiver again or the person being cared for, add more devices, feel comfortable adding devices. We can go to your own and help you install those, and then we can keep them up and running, and I think that's really important. In terms of the KPIs that we look at, it's really true across Totaltech. We're looking for things like increased frequency of interactions. And that may be everything from browsing on the website all the way to coming in the store and making an actual purchase. We're looking for stickiness of that consumer, meaning they're more willing to come back Best Buy bigger share of wallet, more purchase behavior with Best Buy over the longer term. And that will be true whether we're talking about aging in place or whether we're talking about the other aspects of Totaltech. And then obviously, we're going to look for customer satisfaction and engagement with the brand and really trying to almost surprise and delight and over deliver wherever we can for these paying members.
Corie Barry: And Brian, I think this is why in this space, we continue to really invest in the experience because our ability to deliver on some of those more premium items in the assortment is really distinctive and different. And so this investment - and this is a great example of the investment in the experience is not just for today, but it's so that we continue to represent the premium side of the business over the longer term.
Corie Barry: And Greg, I would just underscore something Matt said in his prepared remarks, we were unduly light last year in inventory. And that's why we're going back to the 2 year – 2 year stack growth of right in that 13% range and then inventory 2 year in that same range. So I just think last year is not a great indicator because I think everyone was looking - we certainly were looking for more last year.
Corie Barry: Just one more little bit of color and again, at it in his remarks, but this will be the first full quarter of Totaltech too. And so you'll start to see that go through into next year as you get into those other quarters. So that makes it a little different this year comparing Q4 to the rest of the course. But everything Matt said in the rest of it. I mean, our goal would actually be a little bit more even business throughout the year, ultimately.
Corie Barry: So I'll start with virtual store. Obviously, really early into this, so we're really just getting our legs under is. So it's hard for me to say whether or not there's more than one. The nice part is you should be able to get very good from one location in a model like this, right. Because you can flexibly queue people and you can move them through at your own speed, and you could do this across all the departments in this kind of fake store that's virtual. So I don't think this is going to be about a ton of virtual stores throughout the network. I think it's going to be about scale with a few locations that can provide some interesting use cases. Because truthfully, it's not just about the customer use cases where they might find the virtual store where they're doing digital shopping. It also could be about employee use cases, where I might be in the car installation area and may not have the expertise, but I could zoom right into one of our installation, our Autotech experts who could help you in the moment even as an employee, it gives you a lot of confidence there, too. So I think what we want to find out right now is what are the use cases? How often is it being used? And then ultimately, what does that customer experience look like? But like we said in the prepared remarks, we'd like what we're seeing early. And we'll see just how far you can stretch this kind of one asset that we have right now. In terms of flexible labor, absolutely, it is helpful for us in this environment, and it's helpful on a couple of levels. One, the customer shopping behaviors have changed and they continue to change and they can change week-to-week depending on how important something like speed is as an example. Like the week before Christmas, in-store pickup curbside will become very important assets. And with a more flexible model, I can move employees and employees can being moved to different areas in the store. That means they can pick up more hours or potentially more flexible hours. The other thing that hasn't been brought to light as much as there still are many people calling in sick, which we want. If they're not feeling well, we want them to stay home. A model like this allows you to much more flexibly cover for those call offs. So it's not just about hiring and retention. It's actually about how can I move the labor around the store in the most flexible way. And then the last thing I would say is we have more employees than ever in the history of the company that are skilled in multiple areas in the store. And that isn't just about us flexibly leveraging that labor. That is about them opting into potentially schedules and even in some cases, pay grades that meets whatever they want to try to accomplish in their lives. And that's really for the employee the more positive side of the flexible arrangement and ultimately adding to more confidence in their capabilities and their interactions with customers. That's why we tend to see higher NPS correlate very highly with multiple skill sets.
Corie Barry: Yeah. And just to underscore, I think you'll continue to see product innovation at an accelerated pace. And you will see CE proliferate into other areas like you're seeing it proliferate into health care or even into outdoor spaces. And so I think that makes it even harder for us to answer the question because it's not even just about how you define the market. It's about how the market, in essence, expands over time because it taps into new areas. And that's the part that really has us excited for the future even if to Matt's point, there might be a bumpy quarter here or there. It's really the sustainability of CE as an ever-evolving space from here on out.
Corie Barry: And with that, I want to thank all of you so much for joining us today, and I know it's a very busy earnings season, so we appreciate it. And happy holidays to all of you, and we look forward to seeing you in March.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. I'll take that. This is Matt. We're projecting Q4 comps to be up 1% to down 2% compared to last year. The guidance range we actually gave is slightly up from the implied guidance range from last quarter. As a reminder, in August, we materially raised our sales guidance for the back half of the year from the expectations we had that we started the year. We still feel really confident about our inventory levels and our positioning for the holiday. And so I'd say Q4 is a little bit more unique of a period of time, a place where our category is leveraged by many retailers over the holiday gifting season. I would also say that some sales probably got pulled into October summer [ph] last year as a lot of the narrative in the media and supply chain constraints were our consumers. So during the first three weeks of last year as well, the gaming consoles released, which provided a bit of a lift. And we're also very mindful of lapping the stimulus dollars that came in January. As we talked about last year, we saw strong results in October, the sales moderated, and they started to pick back up in January. The last thing I'd say about Q4 is Super Bowl actually, majority of the business is shifting into Q1 of next year. We're starting the November about flattish sales. So we're still encouraged by the holiday demand that the consumer is very strong still, and so we're excited and think we're well positioned.
Matt Bilunas: I would expect that contribution to be relatively the same in Q3. Our International business on a 2 year basis was pretty similar to the US. They actually did stronger sales in Q3 last year than the Domestic business. So relative to the US pretty consistent. And a lot of the same drivers for the US business are similar internationally as well.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. Good morning. Yeah, the Totaltech impact essentially is due to just the enhanced benefits for that offering versus the Totaltech support offering as we've talked about last quarter. It's really that additional benefit that drives more of the - more short term pressure on the gross margin rate. There is a little bit of revenue recognition difference between Totaltech support and Totaltech with Totaltech support a bit more was recognized in the first couple of months. Totaltech support is more spread out across the entire year of some more of that pressure is coming from that. But I'd also note that the whole goal of Totaltech support is to actually drive more sales and then drive more product sales and that will take a little bit of time as we start to ramp up the program. So that will help offset some of the pressure you see from the cannibalization of the services business.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. I mean, we said all of last year that stimulus is really hard to break out. It certainly did have a benefit. We could see the business change in January from the previous months. So we know it did have an impact. It's really hard to break out specifically.
Matt Bilunas: Good morning, Brian. Yeah, I think in Q3, we've talked about how we expected promotionality to increase, and we certainly saw that, especially in places where inventory is starting to become a little more freeing up and notably in computing. We didn't call it out in Q4, and Q4 product margin rates are expected to be a little bit better, more from product mix, mixing out of things, gaming consoles and computing. At this point, promotionality, we don't necessarily see it as a good guy or a bad guy in Q4. As you would imagine, Q4 is very promotional and competitive every year. And so right now, so last year, we were very focused on that as well. This year, we will continue to look at. But we don't expect it on a yearly basis to be necessarily more or less promotional. Now against 2 years ago, certainly, we would expect it to be a little less promotional than we saw 2 years ago. Where it heads is something that we're going to have to monitor. That's one of the kind of still things that we're evaluating for next year. Clearly, as inventory becomes more free, you can imagine that promotionality is going to start to increase in categories more one at a time as we get into next year. And so likely starting the year with a little bit more promotionality. But we're not really guiding next year, but I would expect that to start to turn over the next number of quarters.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. Specifically to appliances, that is one of the areas where it's been pretty well noted that prices have gone up. And so we - and that's probably an area where, in most cases, we've those prices on to the consumer. So those prices have - or sales prices have increased. That's not to say that, that happens in all circumstances and a lot of categories where you still want to make sure you're very competitive with our pricing, even if costs do go up your, you're actually being thoughtful about serving them in the best way possible. I think generally, as you look at our ASPs, inflation - the inflation or cost of those goods going up is still the smaller part of those - what we would see as ASP increases right now, still the bigger part of the ASP increases would be just premium mix of our business right now versus the inflation estimate. So it is a little higher generally overall than we saw in the first half of the year, but still not the biggest impact to ASPs.
Matt Bilunas: Sure. The Q4 SG&A, essentially, we have to first start with the idea. Our business is very different than it has been over the last few years. Over 2 years ago, the way customers are shopping, the channel they're shopping is very different. And there's just a lot more volume coming through generally compared a couple of years ago. So as you look at a year-over-year difference, we're still seeing continued investments in technology and health being a driver of that SG&A increase. Our advertising is also an area where it's up year-over-year. And that is included and that is the total tech launch that we've talked about. We're actually also increasing our store and call center labor to better support the customer experience. Last year, in Q4, it was probably - we would say probably running the light from where we wanted to be. So we've made the decision to invest a little bit more from a customer experience standpoint. And while incentive compensation was flat on a year-over-year basis in the back half of this year, is going to be flat. The pressure in Q4 is actually a pressure in Q4 versus a slight of a good eye in Q3. So those are what's driving the SG&A on a year-over-year basis. And a lot of we're doing is really focused on investing as we've talked about to make sure our customer experience is in the right spot, and we're actually positioning ourselves well for the future.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. I mean when you look at it versus a 2 year sales volume increase, I mean, the inventory is much more in line. We actually, when we look at our inventory, look at how many days of supply we have outstanding and we're in that very normal range of days of supply at this point. Now there's still pockets of constraint in areas like gaming consoles and things like that, but we feel really good about it on a 2 year basis. It's seemingly - it's in line for us as we look forward to the sales.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah, I think what you've seen from us this year, last year was a little unique each quarter. But this year, what you've seen is actually improved operating margin rates in each of the first three quarters more than what we've seen. If you look at a 2 year stack, it's much different in the first three quarters. I think just generally, technology is important for all our lives regardless of how the seasons and seasons that are starting to spread out across the year. So the operating margins have on a relative 2 year basis have been improving in the first 3 quarters. And quite honestly, the volumes in Q4, it's very important for us to make sure we have the right expense profile to support the customers.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. As you can imagine, we're not in a position to guide for next year. What we've talked about is the more benefits included in Total Tech certainly are causing a near-term pressure on the business. Some of those things will continue on. A lot of what we're still trying to do is understand the incrementality, the usage, the frequency, all of those things go into understanding what the overall increment does to the business. In addition to that incremental sales of our products, we're still in the process of evaluating. So I would imagine to be a continued pressure heading into next year, exactly how much we're still trying to evaluate.
Matt Bilunas: Yeah. I mean, I think certainly it's something we're evaluating over what the market is going to look like over the next few years. We're certainly not in a position to guide next year from a sales perspective either. You're right, comping, there's going to be some big quarters next year. We grew 27% in the first half of last year. So we very much could see some bumpiness quarter-to-quarter. But again, fundamentally, we believe that our customers never technology has only grown and that we have a very unique way to serve those customers, and there's still a lot of long-term opportunities. We're excited about our Total Tech membership program. We're excited about investing more in our business around technology and our operating model changing in our store portfolio. So there's a lot of room for optimism in addition to understanding that Total Tech's that much more important. We'll have to see where the industry goes.
