Hubert Joly: Thank you Mollie and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for what is my last earnings call as CEO of this great company. As you know, we made an exciting announcement last month. On June 11, Corie Barry will become the fifth CEO in Best Buy's 53 year history. At that time, I will transition to the newly created role of Executive Chairman of the Board. Also, Mike Mohan role will be elevated as he moves from being our domestic Chief Operating Officer to the company's President and Chief Operating Officer. I am very proud of the seamless transition we have decided to implement as it reflects positively on our momentum as well as on our focus on executive development and succession planning. It is clearly designed to ensure strategic and leadership continuity and I am grateful to the members of our Board of Directors for their diligence and care in overseeing this critical process. Before I share more thoughts on our leadership transition, let me first review our quarterly performance and provide an update on our progress as we implement our Best Buy 2020: Building the New Blue strategy. I will then turn the call over to Corie for additional details on our financial results and outlook. So Q1 was a strong quarter and a good start to the year. We reported $9.14 billion in revenue and grew our enterprise comparable sales by 1.1%, which was at the high end of our guidance. We also delivered better-than-expected profitability. We expanded our non-GAAP operating income rate by 50 basis points and delivered on non-GAAP diluted EPS of $1.02, which was up 24% compared to the first quarter of last year. I want to thank our associates across the company for their hard work and dedication in delivering these strong results. Before I discuss the progress we made on our Best Buy 2020 strategy, I would like to share some brief thoughts on tariffs on goods from China. First, let me say that the administration has so far done a very good job of minimizing the impact of tariffs on U.S. consumers by limiting the number of consumer products on the tariff list. They have done this in part by taking input from companies like us. And so far, we have been able to minimize the impact of these tariffs by employing a number of mitigation strategies, including by buying products ahead of the tariffs being implemented and by working with our vendors. Second, -- [AUDIO GAP]
Hubert Joly: Yes. Greg, what I would highlight is that the administration is going to be going through a process of listening. And as said in my prepared remarks, no decision has been made. I think Secretary Mnuchin yesterday made a comment about the fact that he is going to be very attentive to the impact on consumers. So this is a complex discussion. No decision has been made. Even when decisions will be made, what rate will be applied, to what products, when, the when is going to be very important and then of course, we have always assumed that this negotiation process with China would not be linear. And so there is a meeting at the end of June and so rather than trying to forecast something, I think that our actions today are to be engaged in the discussion process. We would like to be as helpful as we can in support of the administration goals to minimize the impact on U.S. consumers. So expect us to be very active on this front in the future to be helpful.
Hubert Joly: And what I would add, Corie, is it's above and beyond what the market does, which we continue to be very excited about and that's the essence of our strategy, the opportunity to deepen the relationships with our customers. We have highlighted at our Investor Day back in 2017 that our share of wallet of existing customers was around a quarter and a lot of the initiatives we have underway are designed to strengthen and deepen and broaden the relationship with these customers. And when you have a relatively low market share, which we think is our case, then you are excited about the upside from increasing that penetration which could very much outweigh any kind of short term situation in the underlying macro.
Hubert Joly: And then of course in terms of specific numbers, that's why we have this meeting in September in Q3, where the team will have the opportunity to try to update long term prospects and that's something we had announced on our call at the end of February.
Hubert Joly: And I certainly want to comment the skills of our merchant teams. Of course, given the size of the U.S. market, size of Best Buy in those markets, these teams do a wonderful job of navigating these waters and that's one of the, when I talked about the depths and breadth of talent at the company, that's clearly one of the areas where we have wonderful assets. And looking at the clock and this is not only my last call as CEO, but the last minutes of my last call as CEO and before we have to call it, I will quickly say this, I am clearly passing the baton, which is a French word, to Corie and our team with a very happy and full heart and with a strong conviction that the right team is in place for this pivotal moment in Best Buy's history and I very much look forward to watching Corie and her team do their magic. And so my thanks to all of you. Have a great day. Thank you.
Corie Barry: Yes. So I will start and Hubert can pile on. I think what I would start with first is what we want to offer is a variety of customer purchase options. So I think that's really important and you know that. But I think it's important to start with, our branded credit card is already 25% of the business that we do. You can see that in any of our filings. So that's kind of our starting point in terms of customer purchase options. What we like then is adding Progressive on top of that because it's what you are digging at, there is another suite of customers who just might not be able to qualify for the branded cards or frankly might not want to and would like to look at something that's a little bit different. We are seeing so far that the customers that engage with this program do think of the incremental to Best Buy and so they are not customers who would be necessarily, for the most part, maybe seen before or haven't certainly seen in a while. And you heard in our prepared remarks, we have now rolled out to almost 700 stores, 689. So that's two-thirds right now. We are hoping that by the end of the year, we can go out to another nine states before holiday. And so that will get us significantly across our store base. We are not sizing it right now and because we are still rolling, we are learning a lot even as we roll. Like we said in our prepared remarks, we rolled halfway through the quarter. And one of the things we know for sure is that as the stores are on the program longer, they become more and more proficient around the program. And so you know, we like what we are seeing. We feel like we really are addressing a customer need, very in line with the strategy and that we are providing a whole another suite of purchase option and we will continue to see how it grows over time.
Corie Barry: Thank you Joe. A little bit more of the latter, honestly. Because if you think about when the tariffs going out, it was actually very close to the end of our quarter. And so this is really about us making sure we felt we have a good position heading into Memorial Day and then Father's Day and really light in a couple of spots last year. And so, as a team we had the opportunity to bring inventory to make sure we were well set. The other thing I would say, I am incredibly impressed by our merchant demand planning team and the health of the inventory is some of the best that we have ever seen. We have very low [indiscernible] left right now and we have been moving to the inventory nicely. So really nothing to read into there, just preparing for what is that string of kind of secondary holidays that happened during 2Q.
Corie Barry: Yes. I think we have liked so far what we have seen in some of our newer brand positioning. And you are absolutely right, if we are going to over-index in a quarter, Q2 makes a lot of sense given the string of secondary holidays we have. You have got Memorial Day. You have got Father's Day, the Fourth of July, even head into prime day later. And so you have got a whole string here and we feel like if we are going to over index and prefer a return on that spend, this is the right period of time for us to do it. And we can lift up some new and refreshed brand messaging. And so we felt like it is an important time of the year for us push a few more of our chips in on that.
Corie Barry: So on the overall sales cadence, it actually played relatively closely to how we thought. If you remember, how we kind of set up the quarter we said, we felt like the consumer environment remains relatively favorable and I think most metrics would point to that continuing to be a good environment. We did have a little bit of pause around tax refunds that we mentioned. And if you remember, when we were into the quarter, refunds both quantity and amount were down about 40% and we said we were still gauging how much of that will come back. You ended up based on the IRS data with tax return total amount down about 2.4%. So we think that probably is like just a little bit of softness in this quarter, which again was kind of in line with how we guided for the quarter. And it is important to note, we also and we said we saw a softer than expected revenue in international. Now that's very much tied to the macro environment there. You can see that GDP is down in Canada and oil prices are struggling. And so you have got a bunch of things happening there that we think are more macro side. But in general, that wasn't anything that was an outlier. In terms of the computing and mobile business, I am going to take those a little bit separately. Computing, we kind of look at computing and tablets together. We talk about tablets as being an area of strength but it's a lot of the higher end, higher processing power, big gun kind of tablets which you can imagine you look at in light of computing. We didn't see a major change in trajectory there as we think about those categories together. A little bit more strength on the tablet side, a little bit less on the computing side. But we can see people making trade-offs between those two spaces. From our mobile perspective, that was actually just a slightly bit better than we thought it would be but it was still down year-over-year. And so again that's a category where we have said for a while, we kind of have some moderate expectations around growth there. It's definitely maturing and we continue to see a highly penetrated category, where there is a kind new reasons to buy.
Corie Barry: Absolutely. So first, I am just going to take one step back and say, the most important thing around Total Tech Support is, we strategically like the relationship it helps us build with our customers. Now what's tricky is that we are just now lapping our nationwide rollout of Total Tech Support. So we are just starting to see in a larger quantity what do renewal rates look like, what does customer behavior look like over a year. And again, with us, it's a little trickier because our customers tend to have lower frequency overall than some other retailers. So it takes us a long way to figure out what are the longer term customer behavioral implications. We talked a little bit about it on the last call. We are definitely seeing nice usage upfront in the program. And renewal rates have stuck at the levels we thought they would. And so we are seeing usage in line with what we thought. We are seeing renewal rates in line with what we thought. We are seeing a ton of surprises but we just don't have a lot of data on yet is, is it pushing more purchase behavior, is it keeping people engaged with Best Buy longer. We just need a little bit longer on the program to be able to give you some more information and data around that. In terms of what we see when we try to ramp programs like this, as you can imagine, it's not just about ramping the program because that has proficiency implications with how we sell at the store. Our associates have done an amazing job really learning about this program and then helping customers see the true benefit of it. It's a very different service sale than anything we have done historically. And I think our associates have learned a lot over the last year and continue to just get better and better helping a customer understand why this would be perfect for them. I think the other thing that we are also behind the scene were continuously trying to improve the customer experience, both from a digital perspective, how I can sell, how I can see what I have, how I can look up how to repair something myself, but also importantly from how we help you, how we prioritize your service visits and how we make sure we are helping you in the moment as quickly as possible. And so I think you are going to continue to see a ramp in performance here and it's not just proficiency. It's also how do we continue to add customer value propositions behind the scene that makes us more and more palatable for customers as a way to stay engaged with Best Buy.
Corie Barry: So I think the trick with List 4 is that it hasn't actually, it hasn't been defined. It hasn't even got into place yet. There's a lot of discussions that Hubert alluded to in his opening statement around what exactly will be included on that list and when it will go into implementation. And so it's very difficult right now, given the amount of change that's happening in that list for us to size it at this point and we haven't come out yet with any sizing on that list. I think Hubert, you might have something to add.
Corie Barry: Yes. So the appliances tariff is tricky, specifically washing machines and definitely the price increases were certainly, to begin with, passed on directly. Units did decline, but that impact was offset somewhat by higher prices. The hard part is, I would not try to drive comparisons with that category, because that's a category, you go buy a washing machine because of duress or need and it doesn't have the same elasticity as some of the other products that we sell. And so I don't think that's a great indicator of how behaviorally people will respond, especially at the different levels of 10% to 25%, I think you are going to end up with potentially some different consumer buying behaviors.
Corie Barry: Yes. So actually, we have done some correlations with how it, we actually don't have a super high correlation to housing. Some of those individual categories might have a slightly higher correlation, but we don't tend to have a very large one in total. In terms of how we see services playing with those categories, definitely as we have grown larger TV and large appliances, we have seen services like installation, delivery, those type of services expands materially as we have been able to grow those businesses. And so I think even part of what you are seeing and the reason people like Total Tech Support is, it can help them with some of those delivery and installation experiences as they are buying these larger products. And so the nice part is, we haven't seen kind of correlations right now in our business to housing and we continue to see nice results in those categories.
Corie Barry: Yes. So we will start with the back half. Definitely, some of the consistent sales drivers that we have even seen coming in to the first part of the year here, we continue to see appliances as an ongoing opportunity for us and feel very well situated there. There continues to be interesting innovation in some of the other categories like what we are seeing in smart home and what we are even seeing in innovation. And you can see the different categories at different times. A new wave of tablets creates new interest. Some of the new in-home automation products creates new interest. Some of the new TV even evolutions, continued penetration in 4K and even the ability to see 8K and some of the new technologies, that continue to drive interest. And so I think this combination of continued strength in some of the underlying categories like appliances and then a continued evolution of technology in a few of the other categories, we continue to see a lot of interest in the products that we carry. Importantly, as we look ahead, I will spend just a moment on health. And we have said from day one, even when we had our Investor Day, health is a bit of a longer term value driver for us. But we absolutely like what we are starting to see in health. And if I just take you back for a second to why is it that we think we are uniquely well-positioned in this space and why is it that we built the relationship with GreatCall, I think importantly, number one, we have always said, we feel like it's very in line with our strategy. It addresses that key human need question around health and wellness. And in particular for us, when we are really trying to get pointed around our purpose, this is a very important purpose question around helping older Americans live a more independent life in their homes with the help of technology which aligns very well to what we are trying to accomplish overall. That space is exciting. There are 50 million people over 65 and that number is going to grow more than 50% in the next 20 years. And so you have a real population of people who would like to have some help. And then with GreatCall, we felt like we really acquired a great asset with already 900,000 members and already a good profitable business. I think importantly, between the two companies now what we are seeing is that, we jointly bring to life a number of really interesting value creation opportunities. We are the only place that has that a nationwide footprint of in-home capabilities around technology as well as importantly the support backbone that keep those things running over time. We are agnostic across ecosystems. So we will help you with whatever technology you already have or whatever technology you want to put in. And as we bring on GreatCall's assets, their ability to help us with the human touch combined with more predictive analytics, it becomes very powerful because then you not only start to see major medical events might happen, but we have some of that human intervention that also is helpful. And so I think we are continuing to build on that thesis and I think you can hear us every time we talk to, we get a little bit more clear about the space that we play in that we feel like no one else can. That being said, it's going to take us some time to continue to build the capabilities and then to build the footprint. Right now we just have a few small kind of publicly announced partnerships with Senior Whole Health of Massachusetts and long-term care insurance of CNA, which is one of the largest U.S. commercial property and casualty insurance companies. So those are couple of small proof points and we are going to continue to try to build on those over time. I think that's likely a longer term thesis for us, but a very exciting one in terms of a unique space where we have capabilities. As I think about other growth mechanisms like 5G, I might actually turn it over to Mike and ask him to add a little color to what we think that could do for us.
Corie Barry: Yes. So I will try to give some color. We talked last time about some of the ways that we are going to try to mitigate tariff. And we broke that into a few buckets. In some cases, we obviously have worldwide vendors, who might make some decisions to push that across their whole worldwide business. In some cases, we also know that we have vendors who would absorb costs as a way to retain some of the business. And then in some cases, we have people are already moving supply chains, moving the business around, finding other ways to bring things. And then finally, there is the question of increasing cost. I think what's difficult is at 10% for that List 3, you have a much greater ability to influence using a variety of methods and even the absorbing method becomes easier because at 10% and you are not sure if it's an extended period of time or a limited period of time, you might be willing to absorb that. As you move to 25%, the discussion becomes quite different because there is a much lower likelihood that you can absorb that as a vendor completely and you have to really think differently about how quickly you can actually move your distribution. And it takes longer in the consumer electronic space. And so I wouldn't say that what we have seen in the 10% where I think we haven't seen as much of an impact is applicable to the 25%, Hubert said at the prepared remarks, at 25% level, there will be higher prices for consumers. Now it's tricky and I think you have heard it from variety of retailers is figuring out SKU by SKU, vendor by vendor which of those tactics are going to work and which aren't and then how that will actually play into the back half. So that's the work the team is doing and definitely we did our very best to try to size it. But there's still a lot of work to do there.
Gregory Melich: Great. Thanks Hubert. Thanks for everything over the years. And Corie, my congratulations, well deserved.
Gregory Melich: So no good dead goes unpunished. Thank you for the tariff information. If you were to look at List 4 now, what percentage of your COGS would that be? It was nice to have the 7% on the current list, but could you help us on that front? And then I have a follow-up.
Gregory Melich: Yes. Maybe given your experience with the washing machine and laundry product tariffs, maybe take us through what you think, how that played out and the impact on consumers and any sort of demand response? If you can glean anything from that, that would be helpful.
Gregory Melich: And also across more categories, right, because ultimately people have to make decisions. All right. Okay. Thanks a lot and good luck to all of you and congrats.
