Vincent Roche: Yes. Jamie, the downturn -- the short-term downturn here in 5G was broad-based. It was all regions and all customers. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tore. Yes, so we've got the highest precision battery management, the sensing and measurement portfolio. Now to that, we are beginning to send those wireless technology. It's a proprietary rugged, robust self-healing radio technology. And so yes, it is proprietary based on proprietary ADI hardware as well as software stack. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think the second part of your question there was regarding potential competition there in China. So I think it's not a surprise that Chinese customers are going to look for security of supply, they're going to look for alternate sources. But there's nothing to suggest that we're losing designs anywhere. And as you said, the analog market naturally has deep and wide competitive moats given the complexity of the technology, the diversity that's required to be a stable, long-term supplier into those markets. And of course, the life cycles as well are very, very long. So I guess, the way to look at it -- the threat from local players in China, well, it really isn't anything new. But no, there's a lot of other facets of -- that require just beyond the product. The quality levels we ship are in the parts per billion. The support required is very, very sophisticated, very complex. And I think the asymmetry between the skill set and talents that we have as an analog supplier compared to anybody else, that asymmetry is pushing more and more towards ADI. So the gap between the skills that we have and many others, that gap is growing. So I think to just finish up my commentary here on China. It's a -- it has been and will continue to be an important market. And we expect to be doing a thriving business there in the years ahead for many, many, many decades. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the only other thing I'd add to what Prashanth has said is that, typically, our first quarter is weaker than our second. There is a seasonality to that. Particularly in the Industrial and the Automotive businesses. And that's how we see things shaping up at this point in time. And as Prashanth just said, we're confidence that 5G demand is really poised to ramp at the beginning of our second quarter. So I think that's the summary of demand here for you. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So my sense during 2020 is that we will have a continuing headwind. It's lasting a little bit longer than we initially thought. But -- so I think 2020, we expect it to be down in the range of 10% to 15%. And it relates really to the ongoing mix issue in our portable business. But what I'd like to report to you is that I believe, overall, that 2020 will mark the bottom for this business. The diversity of our products, across products, across customers and applications is stronger than we've seen actually for several years. And so based on that diversity and the strength of our pipeline and diversity of our pipeline, that gives me the optimism that we're going to get back into a pretty solid growth trajectory, I think, in the 2021 and beyond period. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So during the past year, we've grown our pipeline of designs at -- across the globe with all the key automotive customers. And I think one of the areas that I'm pleased -- most pleased about is in our power portfolio, which cuts across all the various sub application areas in automotive. I'll give you a couple of examples. We've won an integrated power management solution for a market-leading Tier 1 radar platform. We're the key reference design at a market-leading [ vision ] camera supplier. And given the strength of our infotainment business as well in DSP and audio signal processing solutions, we've been able to bring more power management from the OTC portfolio into that particular suite of applications as well. We've talked before about our A2B and -- our A2B solution. So today, that only represents kind of low -- very low single digits of our auto portfolio. But the design pipeline is gaining robustness. At this point in time, we've got design wins at around 14 OEMs, and half of them are currently in production. So my sense is that, over the next 3 years, we can double the size of our A2B business. And also the other facet of A2B is that the TAM for it is expanding into being able to participate in active noise cancellation and power delivery. Prashanth has touched on the BMS side of things. So that will continue to be, we believe, a strong growth driver for the company, probably up around double digits in 2020. And on the autonomous vehicle side of things, we're sampling a CMOS-based radar solution that doubles the dynamic range against anything else that's out there from our competitors. So I think we have some very, very good innovation drivers in the business as well as the fact that we are bringing the OTC portfolio into many, many new accounts in new geographies. So hopefully, that gives you a sense for what's going on in the auto sector. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's very, very hard in what has been a very uncertain environment in automotive over the last several quarters. Very, very hard to call. I think if SAAR stabilizes, my sense is that we'll have a normal year. And for the last 5 years, we've been outgrowing SAAR. So my expectation is that if SAAR stabilizes, given the length of the product life cycles of our legacy business as well as the new designs we have, that the business should behave normally, we should have growth [ SAAR ]. So one of the things as well that we've got -- I think we've mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, is that our power business is poised given the design wins that we've got across infotainment and safety systems, in particular, we expect for the year here to gain momentum and start to show meaningful revenue in the 2021 period. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Tore, as a rough estimate, I'd say that, if you took the combination of what we're doing in the channel plus the impact of Chinese New Year, roughly like a $50-ish million impact on a revenue impact to kind of how we're guiding the outlook. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So just remember that we manage the business on a sell-through basis. We're recording revenue on a sell-in basis. And over the course of 2019, our sell-in was roughly equivalent to sell-through. But as we've seen revenue come down towards the later part of 2019, the levels in the channel have gotten outside of our preferred range of 7 to 8. So we're taking specific action. We began in Q4, we'll continue in Q1 with a goal that, by the end of Q2, we will get channel inventory kind of back in that 7- to 8-week range. The result is that we're going to be putting less into the channel than the channel is selling out. And the answer I gave Jamie earlier is that -- or sorry, Tore earlier, is that roughly, if you include that plus the Chinese New Year impact, which is at the end of our fiscal first quarter, is, at a rough estimate, kind of $50-ish million worth of revenue impact. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Let me take the first part of that. And I'm going to recap what I said in the prepared comments. We took a $20 million inventory reserve related to a onetime charge for a customer in the comms market. We were building to one forecast and then the demand changed pretty rapidly after they were added to the BIS entity list restriction. So it was our determination that it was the prudent thing to do, and absent another law change, we believe we have minimal to no more inventory exposure for this customer going forward. Is it possible to sell some of that inventory? It's possible but obviously not probable given that we did take the reserve. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Why don't I start on that and, Vince, any -- if there's anything you want to add. So there's some macro and some kind of specific to ADI. So from a macro level, it's our take that we're kind of bouncing along the bottom. Because certainly, there's ongoing uncertainty with the trade war that's impacting overall demand and customers are putting a pause on CapEx spend. It is weaker than a year ago, but it seems to be stabilizing at this level. For comms and 5G, there is a lull between deployment. As I said in the prepared remarks, comms is inherently lumpy. It's very early days on the 5G, and we're expecting demand to kind of stay soft through the end of this calendar year but pick up nicely for 2020. And as I mentioned in the remarks, we're expecting comms to grow year-over-year in 2020. Specific to ADI, we've got a couple things that are impacting our first quarter. So as I had mentioned, I think we've had a couple questions on this now. We are proactively reducing inventory in the channel and then, on top of that, the Chinese New Year, which is normally a nonevent if it falls in the middle of a quarter, this time is falling at the end of our fiscal first quarter. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Toshi. Let me break that down again. So we had talked about $100 million of cost savings when we closed down the 2 facilities. And then in addition to that, we made some -- we took some actions in the fourth quarter to generate an additional $35 million. So those actions are in process. In 2020, we would expect to exit the year with about $50 million of those savings in the run rate, and that will be split between OpEx and cost of goods sold. We'll have those savings sort of feather in over the course of the year. That is, at this point, kind of roughly a net number. So that is -- the expectation is we're going to be able to drive most of that down through the P&L and into the EPS number. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Let's do this in 2 parts. I'll kind of lay out how we're thinking about our auto performance 2019 and then let Vince talk about a bit more on the growth drivers. So to -- as a recap, our fourth quarter was down 8% for the full year and -- sorry, our fourth quarter was down 8%, the full year was down 6% year-over-year in line with SAAR. And we saw that across all applications on the year-over-year decline except for BMS, which continues to show very strong double-digit growth. As we look to 2020, I'll let Vince kind of talk about the outlook for auto 2020 and beyond. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Right. Yes. Thanks, Chris. So yes, so the -- I guess, the way to think about it is utilizations are -- we're comfortable utilizations are at trough levels, so as -- and you can see the impact of that on our gross margins. So as the demand comes back and revenue improves, then we'll have great leverage from an internal manufacturing on being able to capture that demand with new manufacturing. And then in addition to that, we mentioned we're taking the channel down. So there will also be likely some opportunity to provide product into the channel to meet that growth.  So we're setting ourselves up for what we believe is a good trough in Q1, and then we'll grow from here. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I think maybe you're saying the same thing, Harsh, but we're going to -- we're essentially going to swap the inventory charge with the underutilization. So that's probably how you should think about gross margin for the first quarter is we don't have the recurring inventory charge, but we do have the headwind from kind of trough factory utilization levels as we kind of bottom out in the first quarter. 
