Ali Husain: All right, great. Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining ADI's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal '16 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and the investor toolkit at their usual spot at investor.analog.com. And specifically, about the investor toolkit, it's something we post on our website 2 hours before the earnings call, and it's actually a pretty good summary of our prepared remarks. So for those that are interested in kind of getting the early scoop, that's probably a good place to go as we file our press release. With me on today's call are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner.  Before we start, let's do our disclosures. Please note, the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives, outlook and the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-K. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we have reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, in today's earnings release, which we've posted at investor.analog.com.  And so with all that behind us, let's get started. And I'd like to turn the call over to Vincent Roche, our CEO. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. So digging deeper into our results by end market, the industrial market at 39% of revenue, increased 6% sequentially, a very strong result in what is typically a weaker period for the industrial business.  Revenue from our broad base of small- and medium-size customers was better than seasonal and in fact, increased sequentially, and the expected rebound in the aerospace and defense sector is also pretty strong. And our health care business also posted record quarter as we are now beginning to see the early returns from our investments in the health care sector. And compared to the prior year the industrial market showed actually pretty considerable strength, growing 8% over the prior year, and it was broad-based strength across all of the industrial sectors as we compare the year-on-year performance. The automotive market at 14% of revenue increased 5% sequentially, and that was broad-based growth across, really, all sectors within this market, but I'd say, more importantly, automotive revenues increased 7% compared to the prior year.  Communications infrastructure sales at 17% of revenue decreased slightly from the prior quarter. Both wireless and wireline application revenues decreased slightly sequentially but increased compared to the prior year, led by growth in 100-gig-plus optical networking applications. The consumer market at 29% of fourth quarter revenue increased 58% sequentially and decreased 7% compared to the prior year, with both sequential and year-over-year results, largely due to portable consumer application sales.  So now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the fourth quarter and in fiscal '16. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on fourth quarter and fiscal '16 P&L line items will exclude special items, which, in the aggregate, totaled $39 million for the quarter. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures and our calculation of free cash flow are on schedules E and F in today's release. So with that, Dave, it's all yours. 
Ali Husain: All right, Jennifer, so we'll get to questions in a second. [Operator Instructions] We're running this call until 11:00, so I think there's plenty of time to get to everyone's questions. So Jennifer, I think you've got the instructions. 
Ali Husain: And I think, as you mentioned, Dave, in the prepared remarks, the operating margin in the first quarter is going to be, I think, in the midpoint around 32%, just pretty strong. I think we'd have to go back 5 or 6 years to see those kinds of operating margins in the first quarter. So okay, good question. 
Ali Husain: C.J., just a clarification. The outside of the portables business within consumer -- so outside of portables, consumer was up sequentially and was about stable to the prior year. 
Ali Husain: All right. Thanks, Stephen. That looks like it's the end of the call. We had a good quarter. The deal here for Linear Tech continues to stay on track, progressing well here for a close. Inventory, as Dave has talked about, is in great shape, gives us good gross margin leverage going into 2017. Our business is now showing some really good momentum, especially in the B2B markets. You guys saw the results of some pretty strong operational execution this quarter, with our free cash flow margins up pretty significantly. So we appreciate you guys calling in, and we'll look to talk to you soon. Thanks. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. Good question. So look, we're on a journey. We believe -- we said several years ago, we believe that there's enough impetus in our business and that we had the balance sheet as well to help us get this company towards $4 billion to $5 billion in sales in a reasonable period of time. And we are well on track. I believe, over the next several years, we'll be updating -- obviously, when we integrate LTC, we'll be updating all the benchmarks around what we expect revenue to be over time, profit, free cash flow, and so on, so forth. So I don't know. I'm not a cricket fan at all, Ambrish. I don't know cricket, and I'm only an amateur in terms of understanding baseball. But I would say, we're still in the probably -- in probably the first quarter of the transformation. So we have... 
Vincent Roche: We have many, many years of upside. As I said, what makes me very optimistic about this business is that the analog domain essentially sets the performance for all the systems that make up this massive information communications technology sector. It's one of the foundational technologies. Our customers are asking us for more, more, more. And we are getting to the point now, where we can be very, very choosy about the problems that we solve, and we can solve those problems across the board from microwave to mix signal to digital signal processing to power, sensor technologies. So I think there's a huge innovation upside. That's the root of this company. We're in a better and better position with our customers. So I'm very optimistic that we can get this business well beyond $5 billion in a reasonable period of time. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I mentioned in the prepared remarks there, Craig, for example, in our core businesses, like robotics, for example, there's a need to be able to push the speed and the accuracy of these robots to ever higher levels. That's a tremendous digital signal processing challenge. And we've been building complete solutions that are only coming to fruition now for that area to enable much higher speeds in the operation of the robots with lower power, much greater accuracy. So it's complete signal chain of digital signal processing technology and mixed-signal technology. I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well some of these software-defined input-output structures that are enabling our customers to deepen the penetration of sensors into their environments and to dramatically reduce the complexity of installation and the costs. Energy is another area. It's a slow burn market, but it's an area where we have tremendous technology in transmission and distribution and also in the metering of energy. So those are just a couple of areas. And I should say as well, we combined -- we just lump healthcare into the industrial sector as well. And we've seen this is a market where we've been investing, I would say, modestly but very determinedly over the last 7 or 8 years, and we're beginning to really see the returns come good there in terms of revenue and profit. So I'll give you an example. We -- using integrated silicon photonics and signal processing technology, we've changed the way our customers can implement CT scanning and digital x-ray. We're bringing clinical-grade vital signs monitoring beyond the hospital into the clinic and the home. So those are all things that are making a big difference to ADI. I should point out, by the way, as well that we're on a quarter -- we're on a $0.25 billion run rate now with our health care business, with very, very good profits and a good outlook. Again, it's a slower burn business, but it's a terrific bet for the future for ADI. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's a good question. But we're getting into our 52nd year now as a company. So we've gone through many regime changes across the world and many, many -- how many American presidents is that. So I think let's just wait and see. We don't know. We hear -- like everybody else, we hear the rhetoric. We've yet got to see what the policy's going to look like. But maybe on the margins, it'll be good, at least for the American business environment. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think, firstly, you've got to take growth over a longer period of time. It's a longer integral. But yes, as I've said, what makes me very optimistic about things is that we're innovating like never before. And our -- we're solving big, meaningful problems of greater impact. And our customer relationships are such that, I think, we're very, very well positioned to be able to partner with them to really uncover what they believe to be the most intractable challenges, both in terms of their innovation and their commercial impact. So, yes, I think we're innovating in a way that gives us tremendous opportunity for growth. And as I said, we've got the customers with us. So I think I would expect -- we've said that our long-term growth model is 2 to 3x GDP. I think we're well positioned to at least deliver that organically. And as I said when Ambrish asked the question earlier, we will be updating our models over the coming couple of quarters once we integrate LTC here. So we'll give you more color and visibility. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question. So basically, the technology we've acquired is liquid crystal optical waveguide technology. And it's a solid-state approach to a very, very difficult problem, basically using a solid-state approach to optical beam steering. And that's critical if you're going to really push the resolution of LIDAR in the future. So -- and in contrast to other beam-steering methods, for example, like MEMS mirrors, the spinners that you've seen running around Highway 101 there are optical phased arrays. The technology we've acquired doesn't have any sensitivity to vibration, for example. So technically, we got great frame rates, no blind spots, and we can randomly steer the beam as well. So this technology, we believe, puts us firmly on the LIDAR road map. And combined with our radar-based advanced driver assistance technology at 24 and 77-gig really gives us 2 of the very critical technology modalities to enable, not only greater safety, which everybody craves in transportation, but also puts us well on the path to enabling our customers to get closer to realizing autonomous driving as a major trend in the transportation sector. So that's essentially what we see. And it's a potentially beyond $1 billion semiconductor TAM for this thing for us. So it could be potentially a wave, and that's why we bought the technology. It is reasonably early stage, but with the technology is working, now we've got to get it installed and make it work in the application. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think maybe as well in some -- particularly, of the larger customers, there's an open-door invitation to do more together, with the portfolios that we have on hand as well as getting our engineering teams together to figure out how to create even more value in the future together in terms of how we invest in R&D and apply it. 
Vincent Roche: Well, from a top line perspective, I'd say if we could get 10% growth compounded for the next few years in that business, we'd be very, very satisfied. 
Vincent Roche: Well, look, you really have visibility into anything. I mean, the -- we work hard on building great products. We're working very, very hard on deepening our penetration, not just in one customer, but in several customers. So it's a rapid cycle business as well. And things can change. Markets can change. Application -- or products can hit, not hit. Products get -- can even at the customer level, be brought to market or canceled. So as best we can tell, we're happy with the position we're in, in terms of the products and technology we have, the relationships we've got with the critical customers in this space. So I'm optimistic that we can grow this business at the level I've said. And time will tell. We don't know. We can't predict because, also, it's a market with relatively fickle customers on the other side of things. So -- but I think we're well positioned to pick the upside, and that's pretty much what I've got to say about it. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, again, I think you've got to take a very long-term view to the consumer space. We have been playing in this business from 1G into 4G. We're helping our customers with 4.5G. We're at the early stages of helping them architect 5G technologies as well. It's an important market for ADI. And with Hittite, we're able to bring a level of completeness to our customer solutions. We're seeing the growth we expected out of Hittite that we had thought was there. We're getting the growth. We're well positioned with our customers. And we're grinding out results in 4G. I think we are getting share in 4G. And on some of the older technologies, some of the 2.5, 3G technologies, clearly, there's price erosion, which offsets, to some extent, the growth that we get on 4G. But I think the customers are facing increasingly difficult challenges in this space. We're helping them solve them at an ever-increasing level of sophistication. So it's a way for the future, and we'll grind out the results quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year. And I think, as I said, we are in an increasingly good position to gain share in this space, particularly, as we begin to push our products as well towards single-chip radio solutions in future. So I think there are very few companies standing in the radial who can build a sustainable business for the long term, and ADI will be right at the top of that stack. 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think it's a combination of all of the above. I mean, it's a long-term prediction. We have -- as I said, we've certainly got the customer engagements. No, we have the -- we've got the technologies and products. And I think we're solving problems that really matter. So what I'm indicating is that to my mind, it's probably more about how the market performs than individual, if you like, dynamics around engagements and individual customers. So it's really more about the market. So I think what we're talking about is the long-term expectation. We're investing at a rate that should enable us to get those kind of growth rates. And I will say as well that we have funded our B2B businesses. I mean, we're spending more than 90% of the company's R&D on our B2B businesses to make sure that we drive growth and capture the opportunity that's available to us in those sectors. So we're all the time making trade-offs in investment between the various applications in the B2B area, and we're very carefully picking up the vital few opportunities in consumer, where we think our technology makes an enormous difference to the user experience. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Just add a little more color to what Dave has said, Romit. I've spent a lot of time, as many of our leaders have, with the LTC engineering community, the business community, operations community. And we share a very similar view of the world. We understand each other's businesses very, very well. We share a very similar value system, how we believe value gets created and captured. And I think there's tremendous excitement, by the way, all through both companies, incidentally, about how we can combine the complementary technology suites of both companies to do really marvelous things in the future. And as Dave said earlier, that our sales forces are really chomping at the bit to get the 2 bags for the ADI people, to get the LT power bag and the LT salespeople to get the ADI mix signal bag and really capture the opportunity that we think is available to both of us over the next 3 or 4 years. And I think, as Dave said, part of retention is a sense of equity and fair treatment in terms of compensation, and we pay a lot of attention to that. But the soft side of the adventure that people can undertake here and work together to do amazing things into the future, solving really critical, meaningful problems of the world, that's what people want to do. And I will tell you as well, we pay a lot of attention to retention, and I'm pleased to say that things are very, very stable on both sides of the fence. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, so we've a reasonably significant business in the optical space in providing precision measurement and control for the various parts of the optical system. So it's grown well for the company over several years. And I think as the need for data center infrastructure buildout continues, medium and long-haul, backhaul connectivity continues to be pressured. We see it as a good bet for the future and probably at the higher end of the spectrum of growth that we have put into our model. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I guess, in the quarter, the macro base station and the backhaul were down for the quarter. Our small selectivity was up. And I think China is reasonably strong. And our transceiver pipeline, by the way, across the board -- not just in base station technology, but across the board, is continuing to build a nice pipeline of opportunity. And also, we're converting the pipeline into decent revenue. I think we're still in the reasonably -- I mean, 4G is going to be around for a long, long time to come. It's -- the largest part of the world, by the way, is still on 2, 2.5 and 3G networks. So 4G will have a long life ahead of it. And as I said, we'll be grinding out share gains there in an increasingly fitting atmosphere here, if you like, in terms of suppliers. 5G is on its way. As I said, we're in the earlier stages of helping our customers to architect platform solutions. But yes, I think it's going to be many, many years out yet. So I think it will be -- I don't expect to see capital deployments from the carriers change an awful lot. So I think it'll be a slow and steady increase in the build-out of 4G. And I think that will be the environment till we get to 5G and see another specific step function ramp here. 
David Zinsner: Good question, Tore. So utilization was in the kind of high 60s in the fourth quarter. I would expect it to be roughly in that range in the first quarter, which is somewhat atypical for us for our first quarter because, generally, we're working our inventory back down in the first quarter. And with industrial usually having a sequential decline in the first quarter as well, it generally drives our utilization down a bit. But given that we have done so well, or I guess, the operations group has done so well in terms of managing inventory this year, we can keep utilization a little bit higher going into the first quarter. 
David Zinsner: Yes, no, I think it's generally utilization that's going to drive it, because, in reality, mix on a year-over-year basis is actually a little bit worse, because, if you remember, the first quarter was a pretty difficult quarter for us with regard to consumer, came down quite a bit. This year, it won't have as dramatic a decline. And so mix is a little bit negative, but utilization will offset. And I'd say the other thing, just anecdotally, is the operations group has done a very good job on the spending side, just really managing the expenses there. And so we've incrementally, I'd say, every year, been doing a bit better in terms of spending. And then on top of that, there's obviously, as I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've been focused on pricing as well. And so I think those things have just had an incrementally little bit of a benefit every quarter. And then, of course, utilization drives a lot of it, and the offset would be mix... 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Amit. That's a good question. Let me start, though, since you asked it -- opened up the Linear question. Why don't we just start at the beginning -- at the top here. We've actually spent the last several months really focusing on how the integration will go as of day 1. I would tell you that where we have gotten a lot more optimism is around the revenue side. We were already coming into this, and this is the reason you do an acquisition like this is to get revenue synergies. We're already coming into the acquisition thinking that we would get hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue upside over time. Of course, it takes a while to get that kind of revenue upside, but eventually. I would say that we're even more optimistic about getting revenue synergies. The teams have sat a number of times and talked through where there might be opportunities for the combined company to really address markets and deliver products that we hadn't in the past. And that -- the fruits of those conversations have been very, very positive. On the manufacturing side, I think that right now, we're going to go in with the footprint that we have. And what we do and what we've always done is optimize that to our needs. And we'll continue to look at it. So I don't know beyond -- I think we had roughly thought that there's about $50 million of manufacturing synergies through purchasing power and so forth. Whether there'll be more, several years down the road, we'll just have to wait and see. But for now, I would call it about $50 million. And then we expect there's probably another $100 million of OpEx synergies. There's a lot of early wins that we've identified through the efforts in planning the integration to obviously the public company expenses. But there's a lot of things that we spend in terms of outside services and so forth that we don't need to spend 2 of. And so I think we'll get some very quick cost savings out of that activity. So if anything, I think we're very positive. I would tell you that the other thing we talked about when we announced the acquisition was that we thought our tax -- blended tax rate would be 19.5%. I think, today, now we believe that's more like 15%. So that actually pushes up the near-term accretion number from about 10% to probably about 15%. So if anything, we're more optimistic about the near term and incredibly optimistic about the long term. 
David Zinsner: I think it's too early to tell right now. I think we feel good about our content right now. Whether there'll be any additional items, it's, I think, difficult to say right now. 
David Zinsner: Yes, we don't -- it's fairly smooth. I think what you saw kind of on a year-over-year basis as we came down a little bit while increasing content. So the driver of the opposite kind of force here was obviously, the inventory build that happened last year that doesn't appear to be happening this year. So it's kind of tracking as you would normally expect. 
David Zinsner: Well, I'll take the second question first, which is, very carefully, I mean, we're not looking to build or add a lot of resources right now, because we're going to inherit a lot of resources from Linear Tech, and we want to optimize that combined workforce that we're going to have going forward. So we're very, very, very cautiously managing OpEx, I would say, for the most part, keeping headcount flat. Maybe there's 1 or 2 people here or there that we need to add for one reason or the other. There is a dynamic within our compensation plan, variable compensation plan, that makes this phenomena happen every so often. And that's a situation where, on a year-over-year basis, we have pretty meaningful growth, which is a component of our variable comp. And so while, as you point out, we do a pretty good job with the fixed expenses, bringing them down in the first quarter on a sequential basis, and generally, the same thing happens with a variable compensation. In this particular quarter, that's not going to be the case because of the year-over-year component is going to actually drive a higher bonus payout. So that's really the dynamic there. Otherwise, it would have been kind of largely as you would have expected it to be managed in the first quarter. 
David Zinsner: No, I think they're all pretty much behaving as you might expect. I mean, there are areas that we're obviously seeing just strength in general. Vince mentioned the health care space. Clearly, the aerospace and defense business has been good. Areas around IoT that we focused on have done well. There are subsegments of the auto space like ADAS and powertrains so forth. Vince mentioned the A2B platform that we have in auto for the infotainment area. So all those things are doing probably on the marginal, a little bit better, but I would say it is a very, very broad-based situation with the B2B space. And pretty much every subsegment is doing well. 
David Zinsner: I would say it's a combination. Vince is going to add his color if he wants. But I would say it's a combination of, clearly, the business units, call it, the engineering portion of the business units, do see opportunities for products that they could make that would be special. But I think a lot of it comes from just the sales force of the combined company looking at the other companies' portfolio and licking their chops at what they could do with that -- those products in their geographies, their customers and so forth. I think that's really where we see a lot of the kind of nearside opportunities. 
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, one thing I would add is that we do track kind of the opportunity set. And if you -- we certainly have the opportunities to do what Vince said. And it is a matter of markets and applications taking off and so forth. But from an opportunity perspective, we're optimistic about what we can do in the consumer space. 
David Zinsner: Yes, it's a good question, Chris. We're kind of in new territory. So I'll take a crack at it, but don't hold it -- hold me to it. I would expect, as is typical, the industrial and automotive sectors to have pretty good sequential growth. I think the industrial sector usually has about 10%, and usually, the automotive sector is a little bit below 10%, but they're both pretty strong. Comms will do what it does. It's more cyclical than seasonal, I think, in most cases. And then the consumer business, which is the big wildcard, I'm going to guess that it's down probably the same kind of level sequentially, as it was in the first quarter, probably in the 30%, plus or minus, or something like that in the second quarter again, and then, of course, we'll have a rebound after that in the third and fourth quarter as it seasonally does. But hard to say, but that would be my guess. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, drop-through works when there isn't a lot of, like, changes going on around working capital and so forth. And I think that's kind of masking things a bit. Like, for example, in the fourth quarter, as I talked about, we had this inventory release, which drove up the gross margin. So you have to kind of strip that away before you even look at it. And then in the first quarter, we are -- because we normally have this kind of utilization to climb in the first quarter, we're not going to have that because it's such -- the really good discipline we had through the year, this year, in terms of inventory management. It's at a utilization level that's kind of atypical for us. So I'm not sure drop-through is the best way to look at it. It's more a function of -- at least in the first quarter, it's more a function of utilization levels. And they're going to be in the kind of mid- to high 60s, and that's going to be really beneficial, relative to where we were last year at this time, which is kind of unusual for us. 
David Zinsner: Well, we do have -- we have a retention plan in place for them. So near term, we're not too worried about it. But I mean, I would tell you that my own view on this, Vince, probably can opine, is that engineers stay with the company or come to a company based on what they're doing and whether they're doing exciting things and -- or branded the opportunity to work on really difficult problems and do amazing things. And that's the environment we intend to create for both the ADI and Linear Tech engineers. So I'm not particularly worried about it. No, we're -- our compensation plan in the near term for ADI and Linear Tech people is to maintain what both of them have. Over time, they'll be homogenized, but I think, in a way that -- a manner in which we wouldn't see a negative impact of. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, it's basically that. I mean, we're -- as Vince mentioned, I think, in one of the questions, we're increasingly putting more and more robust technology in the products, some cases, algorithms; some cases, other software; some cases, it's just hardware. But it's just a really -- solving a really challenging problem. And what we do is work to try to get commensurate price for that value that we create. And not surprisingly, in a big organization, sometimes a little bit of that slips through the cracks. And what we've been doing over the last few years is plugging those holes. And so we're not looking to gauge our customers by any means. We're looking to find the right optimal level of price per value, and that's what we do every day. I think we've done increasingly a better job at that over time. 
David Zinsner: Right. So I think, Harsh, I would say that some companies who have been drifting into the 40s and maybe very low 50s in terms of gross margin, they got to get a whole new kind of philosophy in place for pricing. I mean, we do have -- we already had 60-plus percent gross margin. So we were actually pretty good at executing a strategy around this. It was more just cleaning up a little bit around the edges, where we probably weren't executing as well. Hard to put a number on it for the quarter. I would say, though, that on the average, over the last, say, 4 years, our ASPs are probably up 30%, 40% probably. So it's obviously been a pretty big impact in terms of our gross margins. 
