Vincent Roche: Yes. So as you know, Tore, we've been investing in our internal semiconductor manufacturing operations from 0.18 micron upwards, and we're doubling the output there over the next year or thereabouts, a year or 15 months. And of course, we cross-license technologies with some of our foundry partners. So when we talk about a 70% swing, it means that because we will have cross-qualified so many process technologies between ADI internal fabs and the external fabs that are controlled by our foundry partners, we got the ability to move utilization, if you like, from 1 place to another, depending on what part of the cycle we're in, in terms of managing utilization inside ADI and being able to meet the demand as it surges or declines.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. So first and foremost, it's a highly diversified industrial business that we've been diligently investing in from an R&D perspective, from a customer engagement perspective over the last decade or 12 years with a renewed focus. We've been gaining share very, very clearly. I think our portfolio, particularly combined with the power activity as well from the LTC and Maxim acquisitions puts us in even better stead to capture more SAM essentially. And to your question on growth, I would say that we -- during the Investor Day, we said that the new model is 7% to 10%. So I think industrial is going to be right in there somewhere over time. And we feel more confident now, I think, about our industrial growth than we've ever done, just given the strength of the portfolio, the customer engagements and so on. And in terms of the signals we watch, obviously, we have a lot of conversations with our customers. I personally have had a stream of conversations with many of our largest industrial customers over the last quarter. And I think what they're all trying to convey to us is that things are different. We're moving into a new industrial cycle, Industry 4.0, 5.0, IoT, or I beg your pardon, IT and OT, if you like, colliding in a new partnership for the future, driving a lot of new technologies. So that's one, obviously 1 stream of input we get. The other signals we look at, obviously, are the PMIs, the machine to builders indexes and so on and so forth. Well, I think the greatest source of insight for us is our own knowledge of the end applications coupled with our customers' insights.
Vincent Roche: Maybe just a little bit of color on the markets, C.J., to try and answer your question. So we have so many vectors of growth now, for example, in industrial, where we're basically playing on all the high-end applications. And as I said, we've been tuning the R&D continuously, the customer engagement. And if I just pick out health care as an example, that's beginning to get on to a $1 billion run rate now. It's been growing consistently for the last 7, 8 years in the -- at the double-digit level. Aerospace and defense, we see that actually, no matter what the cycle will be over the next few years, this is going to be an area of great strength for us. And in the communications area, great position in 5G. But interestingly, our wireline and data center business now is on a par with the wireless sector in terms of revenue contribution. So it's kind of half-and-half. So we see that again as a source of strength, buttressed also by a lot of the technologies that Maxim are bringing to that wireline area. Automotive, we have a great story on the in-cabin experience with A2B, cancellation, premium sign systems being more and more deployed, electrification. We're on a [100] a quarter run rate now, revenue run rate. And we have design-ins at virtually all the electric car companies at this point in time. So we see that on a trajectory to $1 billion-plus in the foreseeable future. So that's just some of the examples to complement what Prashanth has narrated as well in terms of the vectors of growth and prosperity for the company.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think first and foremost, cancellations on ADI are very, very low. They’re very muted. Customers – we’ve been very equitable in terms of how we have moved our supply across the markets, across the geographies, across the customer sizes. And I think that still is in very, very good stead. So my sense is we have – because of the equitable distribution of our goods, so to speak, we’ve got a better, more true read on demand. And I think what we’re shipping reflects what is true demand, I think better than most, I believe, based on feedback I’m getting from customers. So I think those are the facts, cancellations low, equitable distribution of goods. And we don’t see any – our backlog is still, actually during the last quarter, increased so demand continues to remain strong.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Just add a little bit of color. Also, we have no internal manufacturing operations in China. And from a logistics standpoint as well, we have very, very modest operations also in China.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you for the question. So as you know, we, along with the rest of the industry, has been passing along the higher costs. We have been very focused on not using this environment to take advantage of our customers but to really maintain our gross margins. So in '21, we had some headwind from the timing of inflation versus when we were able to enact the pricing. This has really abated in '22. So really, the gross margin percentage and the growth in gross margin percentage that you see is really being driven, as I mentioned, by the synergies, great utilization at the internal fabs and some mix benefits. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about industrial hitting 51% of the overall revenue mix. So for the forward look, we updated our model just a couple of weeks back, and we feel very comfortable that in a typical cycle trough, we are going to be able to maintain a 70% floor. Beyond that, we will continue to make the right trade-offs with opportunities to expand the top line and -- at some trade-off on gross margin. So really the focus for the team is deliver the revenue growth and let that leverage drive all the way down through cash flow. So I wouldn't encourage folks to look for significant margin expansion. These are already pretty incredible numbers.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, maybe I'll just add. I think I said it in the remarks, but to be clear to everyone, our growth in industrial was broad. All applications hit record results in '21 and are on track to hit another record in '22.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then hand to -- hand over to Vince. So on the tactical side, we are working on getting additional capacity both from our external partners as well as the investments we're making internally. So you'll see that continue to play out over the course of the year, which is why I mentioned in the prepared remarks, look for us to continue to grow sequentially through this year and likely at least into the early part of next year. We talked about pricing that has been a little bit incremental to the revenue growth. So that's certainly a piece of it. And the demand has just been very broad-based. And again, I said it in my remarks but to be clear, we are seeing demand across all end markets and all geographies. It's very evenly spread and strength across all end applications. So we do feel, to Vince's remarks here, we do feel very well positioned and our technology is really starting to hit the sweet spot across all of our customers. And then maybe I'll pass here to Vince to add some more.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. Two good questions, and thanks for giving me the opportunity to clarify. So first, on synergies. We had talked, when we did the Maxim closed that we had some great learnings from LTC on how to get to synergies and that was to move fast and hard, and you're seeing us execute against that strategy. So we captured basically the entire $275 million that we originally committed to as we exited our second quarter. And that at Investor Day, we said we're raising that target to $400 million, and we'll hit that number coming out of -- or as we exit 2023. That first $275 million was a little more tilted towards cost of goods, and the following piece will sort of be balanced between cost of goods and OpEx. So as you look forward, that's how to think about the balance of that. To your question on the comments I made, thank you for giving me a chance to clarify. We have used our pricing opportunities to maintain gross margin. So to be clear, we're not looking at pricing as an opportunity to expand gross margin but really as a way to offset. So when I said abate inflation, I meant versus the historical inflation that we had experienced in 2021. It took us a little bit longer to get those pricing actions in place. So now we have neutralized them and you see that benefit in the current year. And of course, if we do continue to see price increases -- sorry, cost increases in the coming quarters, expect us, like the rest of the industry, to respond by pushing those through.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: With the caveat, again, I want to make it clear for everyone, with the caveat that we are focused on growth. So where it makes sense for us to be a little more flexible to drive top line, we will do that. So I wouldn't want folks getting too laser-focused on modeling in mid-70s on the gross margin. We've given you a floor and we will give the management team the flexibility they need to drive the top line.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think we can give everyone the data point that on a sequential basis, think of it as 50-50. The growth is coming from pricing versus units. So that falls into the baseline sequentially as we go forward, pricing falls into the baseline.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Gary, a fair question. The -- as Vince mentioned, we look at a number of external indicators. So we are mindful of what's happening in the macro environment. But as you mentioned, the conversations that he has with our customers continue to support their need for our products and that we are attached to the right secular driver. So I do want to clarify, you had said sequential growth for the next 3 to 4 quarters. I can't see out that far, Gary. I feel good about the next 2 to 3 quarters sequential growth, but I'm not sure I want to go out further than that at this point.
Michael Lucarelli: You're right. If you look at our build margins at this point going forward, it's mix, utilization and then we also have the $125 million of synergies, some of that will be on the cost of goods sold side. As Prashanth laid out, we'll balance both gross margins really to drive operating margins and free cash flow.
Michael Lucarelli: Ambrish, this is Mike. Yes, as we had talked about earlier, going forward, that 74% will bounce around, like you said, mixed utilization of the 2 drivers. And then as Prashanth outlined, that [1 25] does have a COGS element in it that will also help gross margins. But if you go forward 74%, plus/minus, I feel pretty good about that.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Chris, I'll also add 1 thing. You're right, the sequential growth is, I'll call it, decelerating now. What happened in the first half of the year, we talked about, we added pricing and that added to the growth. We had volume and pricing in the first half of the year that's driving sequential. Pricing is really in the model now, now that the growth in the back half on a sequential basis is really driven by capacity and volume. And if you zoom out and don't look at sequentials and look at year-over-year, we're growing our B2B business in our fiscal third quarter by over 20% year-over-year again. So it's a fantastic result, I think, and it shows the strength of this franchise.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. Thanks again for joining the call and your continued interest in Analog Devices.
