Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. I'll listen to all your feedback about the – around questions and the number of questions on the call. So we're going to run this a little differently than normal. I ask that limit yourself to one question to allow time for additional participants on this call this morning. And with that Cheryl, can we have our first question please.
Michael Lucarelli: Stacy, we are guiding down sequentially. Our book-to-bill is slightly below one. So it does go in tandem to what we're saying. And you're right to think about the tele market. Comm is much below one, auto is a bit above one, industrials around one. So it all lines up to what the guidance we gave and the range we have given.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks so much, Craig. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website and all reconciliations and additional information can also be found there. Thanks for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Good question. Thanks, John. So we have pretty much discounted our top – what used to be our number one customer in China to pretty much zero in our long-term planning thinking. It has been a low single-digit customer over the past few quarters. So we have factored also by the way the latest regulatory upheaval into our numbers. So at this point in time, the largest 5G customer there in China that used to be is no longer part of the planning or the -- either in the short term or the long term. I'd say as well, what we've seen in terms of the strength in China that Prashanth referred to is really -- is the fact that China was the first to go into the pandemic. First to come out. It's an economy that's growing very, very rapidly and has been up for several years now. So, I think, there's been a very good balance I believe between supply and demand across all the sectors. I mean, we've seen growth in all markets with the exception of automotive. So I think what we're seeing in terms of the strength in China is more about the match between the strength in our business and the economy than anything else.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So Vivek, I've been in this business a long, long time actually since two -- the inception of 2G all those years ago back in the late 80s, early 90s and what I can tell you is that the patterns we're seeing in 5G are no different to what we've seen in 2G, 3G or 4G. And if you look at 4G specifically, just to give you a bit of perspective here, we grew albeit a very, very lumpy business as we always say, but we grew over the entire era of its build out by mid-single digits. We had more content than we had in the prior generations. We took more share. And we're actually even better positioned in 5G because, it's a more complex radio problem fundamentally. We have a lot more technology to put into the space from microwave and RF right down to the mixed signal. And now, we're attaching power also, so, another factor that we're beginning to see the emergence of. So today, 5G has really been about giving more bandwidth to the consumer, more throughput to the consumer. The future is about I think B2B more so than the consumer. And we're beginning to see I believe the early adoption of 5G in the factory automation area. In fact, I have verified that with some of our industrial automation customers as well. So, 3Q is definitely likely the highest revenue quarter this year, but there are lots of drivers at the secular level and the company level to keep us in good stead for growth over the long term.
Vincent Roche: The last couple of quarters have actually been low single digits. And as we've said now a couple of times, we are no longer factoring Huawei into our numbers.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So let's -- maybe let me answer that by talking about the order patterns. So we saw strong May, some slowdown in June, which was expected. July was sort of a stable month-over-month and that was better than we expected. Through August, relatively stable and August is typically a lower seasonal month. So we have lower backlog in third quarter, as we enter the quarter and a good balance between supply and demand. This quarter, as we look forward to our guide, we’ve got stronger coverage from backlog than we typically do. And if we converted -- if you recall in the third quarter we said that, we had about $50 million of products that we couldn't ship in the second quarter that we caught up with in the third quarter. That actually came in a little bit higher, because we had fewer cancellations. So we probably had maybe $100 million all-in of revenue in third quarter that really related to backlog from second quarter. So, I think, that through fourth quarter we're going to get supply and demand back in balance. Backlog has come down and will be more back to normal levels. As we have guided for the fourth quarter, we've taken into consideration the stronger backlog, but we've also taken into consideration that at an ADI level our book-to-bill for the fourth quarter is now below parity.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. So we have already seen the benefit of LTC in our growth numbers. I would say at this point in time we've put more than 100 basis points of growth on the base Linear growth rate to-date. We have -- I think the greatest indicator for what things are likely to be in the future I've said before that I believe that we can double the growth rate of LT over the longer term and just given the markets in which we play and the design cycles the product cycles it takes three years minimum and then you begin to see the real benefits I think after five years. So we're over 100 basis points of additive growth right now. And if you look at our pipeline I referred to it in the prepared remarks we have got a design win pipeline of over $0.5 billion thus far. We have seen wins in communications both on the wireless side as well as the data center side. Infotainment in automotive infotainment radar and of course BMS. We're seeing tremendous uptake for some of our more integrated products in areas like instrumentation tests using our micromodule technologies. And I'm quite pleased given the turmoil in the global markets right now that we continue to see good traction on the design win rates and I'm confident that we can get from 3% to 4% growth rates in the past to more a higher -- mid to high single-digit level in the future and do it sustainably. So I think we have emerging evidence that we're on good track to do that.
Vincent Roche: Okay. Thanks, Toshi. So yes, we're seeing a recovery in the market. Actually our book-to-bill was greater than unity across all regions over the last month or so. And we believe that our third quarter represents the bottom of the cycle for us. So I think the near-term recovery and the demand that we're seeing relates to factories coming back online and also a slow improvement in SAAR. So I think the shape of the recovery really depends on the demand -- the end demand for cars and how SAAR actually grows. And we'll -- that will need -- we'll need to see continued vehicle demand to get back to the pre-COVID level. So it's not there yet. So factories are coming back online. Demand is slowly increasing. So hard to call the exact shape but somewhere between a V and a U I guess or maybe already a U and we're seeing the upsurge. I would say electric vehicles in general have held up better in this market. As we said in the prepared remarks there's a strong consumer preference for electric vehicles. It's the fastest-growing sector at this point in time. And we're continuing to gain share in the market. We've seen growth quarter-on-quarter in that space. And we're also very pleased with our performance. A2B actually grew about, I think, it was 70% year-to-date. So the adoption the design wins that we had gotten last year across most of the OEMs beginning to turn into serious revenue now. And on top of that, we're also overlaying this road noise cancellation technology that uses our digital signal processors, algorithmic technology and different analog, support technologies on the input and output there. So those are the major areas. And I think, as I said, I believe, we're in a slow recovery phase in automotive. And I think in general very hard to call the next quarter, the next two quarters, but my sense is 2021 will be a growth year for the industry and a growth year for ADI. And – I mean, that's how I viewed at this point in time. So we're seeing a gentle recovery in general across all our market spaces.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, we've seen -- I mean energy is a couple of hundred million dollar business a year for ADI. That's been doing well, and we're getting a lot of new design wins. In renewables area, we've seen strong demand in our test business, supporting 5G build out and data centers in particular. And we're seeing a little more weakness in instrumentation in areas that relate more to CapEx. If you look at aerospace and defense, which is an important part of our industrial story, obviously there's weakness in avionics that won't be a huge surprise. But that's a relatively small portion. The biggest portion of our aerospace and defense business is defense, and that business is holding up well as well as the space business, which continues to grow nicely. I would say as well automation is holding better than we had thought. But what really excites us there is the future, as our customers rethink supply chains onshoring, reshoring, and we're going to see more and more automation used in general across the globe. So, I think that unpacks the story for you. So, I think we're seeing strength pretty much across all the sectors or recovery across all the sectors in industrial right now.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Vivek, we're going to split that. And let me take the first part of it. So to clarify, third quarter we believe did not see any pull-ins from Huawei. Fourth quarter outlook reflects the guidance we gave you reflects the full impact for us of the Department of Commerce implications from earlier this week. So, all of that is now baked in. In terms of the amount of decline that we are expecting in the communications business, this is a lumpy business. We've said that consistently. It's growth measured in years and lumpy by quarter. We don't give forward guidance on an end market basis by quarter anymore. We haven't done that for a little bit of time. So, we don't want to start that now. But take it to understand that the movement in the communications business from third to fourth quarter was very much in normal operating lumpiness of the communications business is not exacerbated in any way by what happened on Monday or Tuesday's announcement. And now I'll pass back to Vince for your more challenging strategic question.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, I'll add one thing to try to avoid the plethora of Huawei questions that I can tell are winding up. So we've given you a lot of context around that customer. We said they're a mid-single-digit customer. The legislation put in place was, you we can ship for about half this quarter. So they'll be lower this quarter than normal. And going forward after that our expectation should be, it goes to zero. So our outlook for 1Q would be down for communications because of that.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Great question, Stacy. The – so I would say that, certainly, the communications business is a piece of that. And I would also say that, we – when we look back at the demand activity over the last quarter or two, we feel very good that that was driven by very kind of real demand based on conversations with customers. But there was probably some level of inventory building that was going on in there given that the inventory levels at our end customers were so low. Coming into this pandemic, they had taken – end customers really at the industrial level had taken their inventory levels down pretty significantly in 2019. And then the pandemic hit. And so I think some of the strength that the industry is seeing now has a little bit of that renormalizing that. So as we kind of look forward into fourth quarter, there is a lot of opportunity for us. And I think that, the new order activity remains good over dues are declining. So it's – I think, we'll have to let another quarter or two roll out. We don't have enough visibility I think to tell you what the future portends. But we're not seeing a sharp decline in order activity, but it is below one.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: C.J., that was really around the timing of when we're having those conversations. If you look back at the timing of when we were in those, the world looked very different to us. I think it looked differently to everyone back at that period, when the pandemic looked like it was ranging at a pretty sharp pace across the globe. So, our S-4 probably reflected more of the uncertainty that we had out there that has since been -- more clarity has been brought.
