Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. We've been -- as a company, we're in business almost 55 years now, and we've been competing with players from all over the globe in all areas of our business, different players in different spaces. But what I will say is, in general, we've taken the highest performance position in 5G base stations in the radio system. And whether that is Chinese OEMs that are absorbing our products, European, whatever, Korean, that is our game. And as these systems become ever more complex, performance matters more and more and more when you're trying to really put more information density through every radio. That's where we play and nobody competes with us at that level. There are perhaps different ways to solve the problem. You can sacrifice performance, perhaps. But if you're looking for the best-in-class 5G radio performance, it's ADI that the OEMs are coming to. And one of the thoughts I want to leave you with, John, is that whatever happens, the ongoing situation with regard to Huawei, we are very well penetrated as a corporation across the globe with all the OEMs. So no matter what happens, we will grow in 2020. That's the -- that is the expectation. So competition is just a facet of doing business, and we're more than well prepared with the portfolio of products we already have and the products that we have coming.  So -- and I want to make it clear as well that the restriction that we're experiencing with regard to shipping into Huawei specifically is around 5G. Our legacy 4G products have been shipping and, as far as I understand, will continue to ship. So also, it's an evolving situation. And we are doing everything we can to be able to satisfy the needs of all our customers. And in China, specifically, we are in the process of seeking the licenses that we need to support our products in the short to medium term here.  So hopefully, that answers your question, John. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think if you look at industrial in kind of 2 pockets, we have our more fragmented, broader-based business, specifically automation. And I say, that business right now, given its high-intensity CapEx needs, is weaker pretty much across all geographic spaces at this point in time. I don't think it'll be a great surprise to tell you that the memory test business has been weak now almost for a year, and that persists. It remains at least tepid. But I think the areas where we're seeing most strength right now are aerospace and defense. And in fact, that's increasing just about 20% year-over-year. Given the record defense budget that has just been passed in the U.S., we're seeing good growth across all the sub applications within aerospace and defense.  And one of the real points of strength for ADI and what's driving a lot of the growth is the combination of the microwave and RF technologies from Hittite with the mixed-signal products from ADI. And we're starting to bring LTC more aggressively into that space as well. So that's a future growth dimension in that aerospace and defense business.  Health care continues to grow nicely, I think in general. I've been pretty public that I think that's a space whose time has really come. And I think this digital health area, in general, is just an inflection point. It's just at the knee of the curve, so to speak. So that's doing well for us across the board, whether it's big iron or clinical-grade patient-monitoring-type systems.  And given again the growth in areas like 5G, BMS, very, very high-frequency automotive radar safety systems, the electronic test and measurement side of things is performing well also. So I think that helps unpack the industrial story, hopefully, for you. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So thanks, Tore. The -- look, I think the way to think about 5G is one of the most exciting new platforms to be introduced in the world of information and communications technology for several years. So it's very -- I believe it'll be very pervasive. It's in the early stages of deployment. We're looking at a multiyear cycle here.  One of the things I think is -- that's important to remember with 5G is that it's really designed to enable B2B users to modify their business models and their offerings to their customers, whether it's in industrial, whether it's in health care, where critical connection to the system is really important. So I think it's less about the consumer, more about B2B. Data is doubling every couple of years. So the need for bandwidth and very low latency is real, and it's necessary. And that won't abate. That will continue to intensify over time. And the only way to some of that is by delivering more special -- spectrum efficiency. So I think what we're seeing is very, very early stage deployment. And the radio is one of the most critical elements in the development and deployment of these new 5G systems. And I think over the next 3, 4 years, we'll start to see the virtualization of the network and a more aggressive introduction of the microwave technologies as well that will be the next generation of 5G.  So I think, as you know, as I said in the -- in an earlier comment there, we're very well positioned technologically. The problems are getting tougher and tougher in the base station from a performance standpoint. So the portfolio lines very well gets ahead of our customers' needs there. And we're very well penetrated across the board in terms of the breadth of our portfolio and the depth of our portfolio. I will also point out that the power portfolio from LT is nicely fitting in as well, so that's another wave of growth that we'll begin to see materialize during 2020, 2021. 
Vincent Roche: Very definitely, Tore. I think it's -- whether it's European, U.S., Japanese or Asian OEMs, there's a pervasive move towards electrification of the powertrain. So the -- we're very confident that the BMS portfolio that we have -- we're on our fifth-generation incidentally. And having met several of these OEMs over the last quarter or 2, I can tell you that there's a level of intensity and urgency to move more towards electrical powertrains. And given that BMS or electric powertrains today represent somewhere around 2% of all the vehicles built, that's likely to increase by an order of magnitude over the next decade or so. So I think it's very real. I certainly am growing in confidence that these trends that we're seeing is becoming more intense, and it's something that we're very well positioned to take advantage of. I mentioned as well in the prepared remarks that we're moving on to yet another generation. We're changing the way the connectivity of the information is rendered in the car with our new wireless BMS architecture, which we've introduced to the market, and we'll start to see, I think, significant revenue accrue there in the kind of 2021 time frame. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, this is an area where -- I mean this is the core of ADI in many ways. And it represents about half of the company's total revenue. About 7, 8, 9 years ago, we retooled the entire investment portfolio of the company from an R&D and from a go-to-market perspective and just focused more intensely on B2B applications. And industrial has been the priority there. So I think what we're seeing now is the benefit of the new product crop that we've been able to introduce there. We've a lot of exciting new things coming that are in the pipeline, that are in the cusp of materializing into revenue. So also, our customer engagements are continuing to evolve from, I would say, 7, 8, 9 years ago, we were largely a component provider, now we're providing different forms of solutions, collections of components, more highly integrated products for different types of applications. So I think in many, many ways, what we're seeing now is the culmination of many, many years of very targeted activity to become stronger in industrial. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, C.J. First and foremost, we're playing on the high end. Our portfolio is targeted as kind of mid- to high-end applications where the problems are the toughest. And we're able to leverage our strength in precision signal processing that really has been the mainstay of the company for the last 5 decades. I would say, in terms of what you can expect in terms of growth, my sense is this will be a double-digit growth area for several years to come. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. I'd say, the uncertainty in the trade tensions between America and China has obviously ratcheted up. I think it's indeterminate what will actually happen there in the short to medium term. PMI indices as well as GDPs are falling somewhat. So I think that headwind has increased somewhat, I think, since the last quarter. I think when I try to classify how customers are thinking about the world, the world of technology is gearing up. There's more and more innovation. The R&D budgets are very, very strong across the globe and all the sectors. So I think customers remain optimistic about the future. But I'd say, right at this point in time, the people who commit the CapEx, commit the investments are probably a little less optimistic about the future than they were, say, a quarter ago. So that's pretty much the best commentary I can give you, Stacy. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's -- who really knows? I think both sides are working on it. I think incidentally, both sides want the deal, but I think it depends on the conditions. And what's out there in the public domain is that both sides are digging their heels in at this point. So yes, I'd say, Stacy, to answer your question directly, the sense of a trade deal by the end of the summer, which is looming very quickly here, is less likely than it was when you and I spoke back in May. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, we have a couple of specific areas where we're seeing strength, aerospace and defense, being kind of top of the list there for a range of reasons. It's a combination of budgets being increased in the area of aerospace and defense and also the strength of the technology portfolio that we bring. And I mentioned earlier on that health care continues to grow for the company. It's an area again where we've been increasing investments over the last 5, 7 years. And that's an area that I continue to be very optimistic about and think it will be a very good source of growth for the company for many, many years to come. So there are the 2 areas, Vivek, that are most meaningfully contributing on the industrial side right now to the strength we're seeing relative to the market. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think industrial is -- it is much more than comms. I think we're very pleased with how strong our industrial business is. But let me have Mike kind of break down how to think about it on a year-over-year basis if you back out Huawei. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Mitch, I might just add that remember, this particular market is very sticky. So the momentum that we have, as Vince talked about, has taken several years to build. And once you have it, you kind of roll with it. And I would expect to see that continued strength versus the broader market play out over the coming years. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Good question, C.J. I don't want to lock us into a specific position, but I'll say a couple of comments. One, this is a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow. So compared to how the company was run several years ago, we are very comfortable with debt on the balance sheet. And I don't see it ever moving to kind of the large cash surplus that we used to be at. What is -- we're really focused on maintaining that investment-grade rating. So we're going to be mindful of what the broader interest rate environment looks like and how the ratings agencies view us to ensure that we're doing what's necessary to kind of maintain that investment grade.  Now having said that, we're going to throw off a lot of cash. We just did a refi 2 -- actually, a quarter ago where we moved some of our 5-year term into a shorter duration. So expect us to kind of continue moving to drive that down. And I would highlight that we have been meaningfully taking down our share count in 2019, and I think you can expect us to continue to do that in 2020. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Craig, I do want to maybe reiterate the prepared remarks that Vince mentioned. For us, it is much more than just about managing the battery as efficiently as possible. We enjoy growth with the processors who form and test the batteries. We have the LTC capabilities that help drive efficient use of that power to help extend the range. And we're also in the charging station. So as the whole ecosystem continues to build out to support electric vehicles, for us, it's a much bigger play than just focusing on the batteries. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Craig. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our inventory is a little bit higher this quarter because we are starting to put the bridge inventory that's necessary for us to be able to close the facilities in Singapore and California. So we'll need that bridge inventory so that we can continue to serve customers while we take those facilities down. We are targeting those savings to start coming through the P&L in 2021, early 2021. And that -- as we've been public in several calls, that should be about an incremental $100 million on a run rate basis that's all flowing through cost of goods sold. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Stacy. So I think the way to -- first, as a reminder, we don't guide gross margins anymore. If I answer your OpEx question, I am implicitly giving you that guidance, but... 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. The way to think about it is, we are -- we're -- we have made a meaningful reduction in our OpEx versus our Q2. So we had a sequential improvement going into Q3. We're looking for that to kind of carry roughly flattish for the fourth quarter. We will focus on the variable costs that we can control and continue to exercise OpEx discipline. As we've said before, one of the leverage we do have is our compensation system, which is meant to act as a flywheel as the businesses go up and down, and that will certainly be an element of the Q4. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Vivek, I know you asked specifically about the change in trajectory in Q4, but I would want to remind you that kind of on a year-to-date basis, those numbers you've quoted have been substantially better than the broader market. So we have outperformed. Although the industrial market has been down on a year-to-date basis for us, we've generally outperformed the broader market. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Absolutely. Yes. Without a doubt. So it goes to: one, we have very good share across the ecosystem; and two, the additional content we see in these systems. There's 2 flavors really at 5G. I would say there's the subset gigahertz. And in those systems, our silicon content is about 4x that of a traditional 4G. And then as you move to higher frequency millimeter wave, there's additional content on top of that 4x that's also an opportunity for ADI. That's really the ADI-Hittite portfolio. And also Linear, we're bringing in there as well. 
Michael Lucarelli: Craig, yes. I mean we play in the market. We have market-leading position across geos. China is a big market for us. What I'll say is, yes, last quarter, we did grow year-over-year, but it was less than 2Q in BMS, but we still did grow. But it's a lumpy deployment-based business. If you look over the year-to-date, we're up double digits. And we expect to grow year-over-year again in our fourth quarter even with what's going on in China. 
Michael Lucarelli: I'll tell you, typical seasonality. I would say, it's not a typical time. I'll caveat with that, and we're not giving guidance for a quarter out. Typically, first quarter is a weaker quarter for us in B2B. Industrial is typically down. Automotive is typically down. I do think on the comms market, we talked about being weaker here in the fourth quarter, but it's very volatile. And I think you see a quick acceleration back there in the first quarter. And consumer, we'll update you on next call kind of our outlook for 2020. But I think you can expect consumer to be down again in 2020 but to a lesser degree than '19. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Vivek. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website and all available reconciliations and information can also be found there. Thanks again for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you in 90 days. 
