Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks, Paresh. I will review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was $636 million, up 1.5% from the fourth quarter. Consumer market revenue increased significantly offset by a decline in the other market. Our revenue mix by major market in Q1 was approximately 41% for consumer, 26% industrial, 17% communications and 16% computing. Our consumer market grew strongly due to continued momentum in cell phones. Our industrial, communication and computing market were down due to overall industry weakness. Gross margin excluding special items was 63.7% flat with the prior quarter. Special items in Q1 gross margin were intangible asset amortization. Operating expenses excluding special items were $223 compared to $211 in Q4. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions, our annual marry increase and mass expenses. Special items in Q1 operating expenses were primarily intangible amortization from acquisitions partially offset by a tax related benefit. Q1 GAAP operating income excluding special items was a $182 million or 29% of revenue. The Q1 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 23% compared to 26% in the prior quarter. The decline is primarily due to increased benefits of our international structure and discrete one-time benefits. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.46 up from $0.45 in Q4 due to increased revenue and a lower tax rate. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter cash flow from operations was a $121 million. Q1 cash flow was reduced by our fiscal year ‘11 employee bonus payout. Inventory increased to 100 days driven by early wafer receipts due to improved cycle times that are foundry partners. Inventory in the channel excluding catalog distributors was flat at 67 days. In dollar terms channel inventory declined by 5%. Net capital expenditures totaled $53 million in Q1 as we invested in a long term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. As a result free cash flow was $71 million. We made payments of $154 million for acquisitions primarily for SensorDynamics. Share repurchases totaled $89 million in Q1 as we bought back 3.8 million shares. Finally, in Q1 we paid $65 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments declined by $253 million in the first quarter to $760 million. Moving onto guidance. Our second fiscal quarter will be a 14 week quarter, which occurs every 5 to 6 years. Given the 14th week is between Christmas and New Year’s, typically a shut down week for Maxim and many of our customers, we do not expect a material revenue benefit. However, operating expenses will be impacted by an extra week of salary expenses. Our beginning Q2 backlog is $403 million, which is consistent with historical levels as a percent of projected revenue. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q2 revenue of $580 million to $620 million or down 6% at the midpoint from Q1. Q2 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 60% to 63% down slightly from our normal guidance due to lower projected revenue and associated lower utilization. Other variables that may influence Q2 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin are estimated at $11 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets including SensorDynamics. Q2 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be up about 3% sequentially, the increase is due primarily to an extra week of salary as Q2 is a 14 week quarter, without the extra week Q2 operating expenses would be flat with Q1. To proactively mange our expenses in Q2, we are reducing headcount and select product line with the savings offsetting the full quarter impact of our annual employee salary and equity adjustments. As a result of this action and the return to a normal 13 week quarter we expect Q3 operating expenses to return to Q1 levels. Special items in Q2 operating expenses are estimated at $5 million, primarily amortization of intangible assets including SensorDynamics. This excludes restructuring expenses related to cost reduction activities in Q2. Our Q2 tax rates excluding special items is estimated to range from 24% to 26%. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.30 to $0.34. Capital expenditures in Q2 are expected to increase over Q1 due to long term manufacturing capacity expansions and new headquarters in Dallas facilities. For these same reasons we expect FY 12 CapEx to be above our business model 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect FY13 CapEx to return to our normal business model. Finally, our Board of Directors approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.22 per share approximately a 3.5% yield at yesterday’s closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business.
Bruce Kiddoo: Hi, this is Bruce. So, we are seeing the beginning backlog about $403 million versus $600 million mid-point. So, we think that’s about 67% and that number has been coming down probably for about the last year. But historically that’s the number we ran in, we ran out, we had about two-thirds coverage going into quarter. So, from that point of view, I think we are right where we historically have been from a backlog coverage. In fact, we think going forward since we have had customers moved to BMI, we expect lead times to continue to come down that in fact that number in subsequent quarters may even be below 67%. So, bottom line we think we are about where we have been from a historical point of view and we think have a as we always do a balance guide.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks. The 5 year average just the math is the March quarter is down about 3%. However, I don’t think we are out of point yet where we can claim normal seasonality. I think there is still significant amount of uncertainty and certainly limited visibility. So, I think it’s too hard to tag whether the March quarter will follow a normal seasonal patterns.
Bruce Kiddoo: Generally, we’re relatively linear, the first quarter was a little bit more backend loaded than Q4 but not meaningfully. And when we look at the forecast for the second quarter, I would say its normal linearity and we actually try to maintain that pretty evenly from a supply chain point of view throughout the quarter.
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, this is Bruce, I’ll take that. So in general, we actually expect all of our markets this time to be down about mid single digits plus or minus, a third at this point in time to predict which one is going to be a little bit stronger than the other. You know, as sort of Tunç went through in his commentary, you know, our consumer business or handset business we expect to be down due to the normal Samsung inventory adjustment. Industrial we expect to be down even now we do have some specific segments utility, automotive that are doing well. And then, same for the kind of the com and the computing space. So, I don’t think there is going to be any one like and maybe prior quarters where you had one segment that performed much, much stronger than the other. I think they all are going to be relatively consistent.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks Terence. Yeah, so when we looked at our gross margin, certainly utilizations are down, we are certainly using our flex capacity and in fact external moves are down significantly more than internal moves. However, it’s never going to be a perfect backfill by just pulling in the boundary moves and as you know, we also have our test facilities are in-house. So, there is some utilization impact there. The other thing just to remember is, you know, we always leave a little bit of room for an increase in inventory reserves, any high you are in this type of market there is some uncertainty around that that’s the difficult thing to predict. But you should assume, we assume that we left some coverage there for inventory reserves. And then, in this kind of market it’s always a little bit uncertain around the exact product mix that you’re going to get. And so, we left probably some room for that as well.
Bruce Kiddoo: So, in the September quarter we ran pretty much fall, while in time we get to 90% or above we consider that fall. So, we were running at you know, full utilizations in September, you know, as you saw our inventory, days of inventory was at the high end of our range in the September quarter, you know, actually for good reasons in that you know, cycle times improved at some of our boundary partners. And we you know, got some early receipts there. Going forward you should assume that we are going to take some modest actions to try to get us back to the middle of our range that 90 to 100 range for the December quarter.
Bruce Kiddoo: Probably inventory dollar should probably go down, but I will double check and get back to you on that one. Certainly from the days of inventory, we expect that to go down to about midpoint of our range.
Bruce Kiddoo: Well, I think, it’s, you know, from our point of view, we are actually going to have a shutdown during that time period. So, I mean, there is a not a material, we don’t see a material benefit up there. It’s always a slow period anyways and in this market I think we’re seeing a lot of our customers who are also having shutdowns during that time period. And Romit, just to say we’re for Q2, both dollars and DOI from an inventory point of view we expect to come down in the December quarter.
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, so basically the increase we’re seeing this quarter is really due to the 14 week, the extra week from a salary expense. And even though we would normally go up to the full quarter impact of our salary, our annual merit, we’ve had some cost reduction activities, we’ve selectively kind of reduce some headcount on a proactive basis and those savings are offsetting any increases due to our annual merit process.
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah. So certainly we have seen inventory this quarter actually go down in absolute terms even though resale were down, all right, and so we were able to keep DOI flat. Because of that the end market bookings in the September quarter were down significantly, right. I think that’s what others have seen as well. We are watching it very closely this quarter to see if there is a turn occurring in the end demand there. But so far we haven’t seen that yet or we haven’t seen anything that is meaningful, so from that point of view.
Bruce Kiddoo: Sure. We just opened up a $250 million credit facility. The objective really is just flexibility whether its for acquisitions, continue to buyback our stock or just other general corporate purposes we got it at a very low cost both just the facility fee and if we actually drawdown anything from that. We haven’t drawn down any funds from the facility, yet. But, the idea was to secure that cash and have that flexibility available no matter what environment we go into over the next couple of quarter. From an overall use of cash, currently our priorities have said the same, first to always be to grow the business, you’ve seen from the acquisitions that we have done. Second will be the dividends which remains rock solid. And then third will be from a buyback point of view and as we have said before, we do have a metrics that we use from a buyback point of view, you saw how this quarter our buyback went up by about $30 million over our normal $60 million a quarter run rate. So, clearly if the opportunity presents itself, we will buy back our stock if any precede weakness in it.
Bruce Kiddoo: And Joanne this is Bruce on your second question. Communications was 17% of revenue in the September quarter. That kind of gets split three ways, roughly about a third is base station, about a third is network, and datacom, that’s where we have our fiber optic business. And about a third is what I would just call some of our legacy telecom business.
Bruce Kiddoo: It was just on the SCI for operating expenses. It was basically just an old payroll tax accrual that got reversed.
Bruce Kiddoo: Now, as I said, we are comfortable with returns level though wider guidance was just really due to the uncertainty that were seen out there. And you know, probably the biggest swing factor is going to be what’s really happening from an end demand point of view.
Bruce Kiddoo: Hey Evan, think from our point of view because of the change in the lead times because we are working down some delinquencies. The bookings aren’t a great indicator of what’s going right now and so I think it’s probably not appropriate comment on that. What we really look at and try to understand is the demand and talking with our customers, talking with the distributors, and we think that’s the kind of a best indicator that allows us to provide the guidance that we have.
Tunç Doluca: Well, thanks for the question. This is Tunç. The first of all, the customers really the indication they are giving us are short term. They are saying that there is some weakness in demand, but they are really not able to give us a lot of information about how 2012 is going to begin. So, it’s not something that we can predict from what we have been able to gather from them. The good news is that the inventory levels are not very high at our customers, they are at normal levels. If you recall, we actually pulled those in the largest markets and those were very normal, and our distribution inventory levels are also low. So, it doesn’t appear that there is going to be the combined effect of too much inventory and the weak demand at least in the near term. As I said before, most of our customers are really not able to tell us what’s going to happen in the March quarter.
Tunç Doluca: Yeah, this is Tunç. So yes, we do have a test facility in Thailand its South of Bangkok. We were not affected by the flooding at our test facility. We also have a subcontractor assembly house in Thailand which actually was affected by the flooding. However, you know we have alternate sources for that assembled and we don’t expect an impact that’s much, it’s much less than 1%. So, we were fortunate of not to get affected with the unfortunate events there.
Tunç Doluca: The other – in the prepared commentary that I had I did talk about design wins in handsets and some I believe, I mentioned in the communications market. Those design wins actually are pretty fresh and most of them ramp sometime calendar year 2012, so they have very little impact on December quarter revenue, but of course design wins that we talked about last year some of those in markets that Bruce mentioned like the utility market and so on, those are ramping this quarter. So that’s helping us and that market share gain is helping us there. The other wins I talked about on Tier 1 customers and so on, they should help us grow our share especially in the Smartphone market next year. But, as I said very little, I mean no impact at all in December.
Tunç Doluca: Yeah, Romit. The decline for December quarter that I talked about will be nominated by our largest customer, usually at the end of the year depending on how the sales went for the Christmas season and so on. Pretty much every year we’ve seen an adjustment that they make and I can predict that they are going to make the same adjustment this year as well.
Tunç Doluca: So, they really dominate that. Our other customers are you know, usually don’t have that big of a adjustment, and the proportion of revenue we get from is really not that high. So, we’ve really focused on the one customers that we talked about.
Tunç Doluca: No, we have not, that’s the question we ask also to see if there is an impact. But we are not seeing that the market, the piece of wireless that we’re in, which is smartphones have been moving steadily and strongly. I guess, you could argue maybe they go even stronger, the GDP were growing, but they are growing pretty solidly year-over-year. So, that’s mostly likely a hiding any effect GDP is having on those markets actually.
Tunç Doluca: Okay. This is Tunç, let me just talk about SensorDynamics. Obviously, we closed the purchase during the summer. We currently in the integration process, we’re taking various steps to make sure that we can produce some of these MEMS elements and sensors in-house. So, we’re really working steadily to get manufacturing, other control and so that we can do high volume manufacturing of the products, we have design activities that are going as well. So, that integration is going really well. The revenue was very small anyway, so it’s not worth talking about yet. This was really for large revenue contributions in the future. Other acquisition are really adding to our top line sales and profits nicely. As I mentioned on the call, the Teridian acquisition is really going into full gear right now, we’ve won a lot, a lot of designs in China, one designs in Korea, I talked about that, one designs in India and that’s really helping us to establish ourselves in that market firmly with our system on a chip solution, so that’s going really well. You also asked about the Mobiligen acquisition from roughly that’s from about three years ago now. We’ve kind of repurpose that, originally we’re going for the industrial security market and we still have some revenue in that area, but we found that technology was also very useful in connected TV applications, and we have a Skype certified solution for what we call Skype TV, which has hit the markets recently. So that IP has really helped us get a great market position in that market. Now how that’s going to grow little bit depends on the acceptance rate of these Skype TV application. But, I’ve seen demos of it and they look pretty good to me for bringing video conferencing to family rooms all around the world. So, that’s going pretty well. We also have done quite well with the two acquisitions if you recall we did simultaneously Innova Card and the secured product line from Zilog that was about 2.5 – 3 years ago, and that pretty much is on plan with our products were very well accepted because we provided a complete solution for security systems, for security terminals, and we won a lot of designs especially in Asia and in China, so that’s pretty successful as well. : That’s going to slower growth markets, so we don’t see revenue from that for probably another year and a half or two years, but the technology that was developed as a result was very competitive and several Tier 1 communications companies and who were really interested in our technology, so I am very optimistic about the results we are going to get from that. So that’s kind of an overview, in general we have done well with those acquisitions.
Tunç Doluca: I see. Okay. Thank you for clarifying. So, we have baked in, obviously we are in talks with that major customer and they gave us indication and we baked in what they believe is going to happen in terms of their reduction. Other customers in that space or customers are going that kind of offsets the reduction that we believe we’re going to see from the inventory productions itself.
Tunç Doluca: So, our touch products, we announced those I am going to say about 8-9 months ago now to the market we sampled them. We actually, eventually did qualify them for production few months later from that. We have obviously, we are competing against some pretty well entrenched competitors which have been there for two years or more. But, the customers in general do like our product, they do like the fact that we offer some significant performance advantages and potentially cost savings of the overall systems by moving the fresh product from the reflex connector down to the motherboard and so on. But it does require what we found is that there is quite a bit of applications help that needs to be given to the customer provided by the supplier. So, we’ve got a couple wins that we talked about before one in tablets that one was in a Tier 1 cell phone customer. The Tablet 1 is going into production now and the Cell Phone 1 is delayed because that projector or platform we were in got delayed not because of us but other design issues. So that has delayed the revenue that we are getting, but in general the acceptance of our product is good. But I believe compare to what we said last year, we think the revenue is going to come later than we thought.
Tunç Doluca: This is Tunç. That’s really hard to predict and let me tell you why I think its hard to predict because we don’t know what the acceptance or take rate is going to be of hybrid vehicles and electric vehicles. So, from that reason it’s really difficult to say whether they are going to be the amount of dollars sales of our essentially battery monitoring products that we sell in to hybrid cars. My gut says that the revenues we get from the infotainment applications are going to be higher than the revenues we get from the battery application.Vernon Essi – Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful thanks a lot.
Tunç Doluca: This is Tunç. The way we look at it is essentially, we’re trying to move customers into various phases. I kind of try to give an overview of how we look at it. Basically the customers that are in the group where we are just telling building blocks, we don’t really have a high level of dollar content per phone, you are look at content that’s less than a dollar per phone. When we move customers to being engaging in getting revenue of power management ICs, that easily doubles or goes even higher than that per phone. So, if you look at all the customers, you’ll notice that only the Korean ones are in the phase where we got EMICs. And we need to move other customers that are in US, Europe and Taiwan to that phase. So, the main metric we’ve got is really, how many of our customers or what percentage of our phone models of each customer have moved to these more advanced and relationships where we’re selling a complete EMIC or a complete power SoC. I think giving metrics those in that detail is really difficult. But, I think that the momentum is good, we have now capability that we can do these products and we really enhanced our relationship outside of Korea as well right now. So, I think it’s going to be going to get good results in the future, but I can’t really quantify anymore than that. There are no other metrics that I can give you.
Tunç Doluca: This is Tunç. So, what essentially the inventory correction that occurred in modules is over. That took about two quarters to clear up, so that’s returning back to normal consumption levels. Base station market actually is expected to be weak this quarter. That’s very lumpy business, it’s very difficult for us to project. We really don’t have equal amount of share in the major suppliers in that market. So, our sales kind of depends on who wins the bids that come up in any of the countries, in US, China or India. So, it’s difficult for us to be able to project what’s going to happen in that market with any kind of clarity at all. But we do know what we’ve heard from our customers or few customers is that there might be some softening of the rollout of the some base stations in that market. And we are not aware of a large inventory bill. So, if there is one, it’s not something that’s been shared through us in that market. Most of the sales in that market are some of it is going through distribution but in the base station market a lot of which goes direct. So, we have less visibility in that market as well and to how many base stations or inventory in built form for example.
Tunç Doluca: Well, our sales force in China has heard about it, they have shared it with me, and I don’t think they’ve shared it with Bruce either, I see him shaking his head. So, we are unable to share any information on that maybe in the next conference call we can talk about it. But by then of course it will be almost done, but I have no information.
Tunç Doluca: No, what I’d say was in the, in July our order lead times dropped by about two weeks and then remained that level for the next two months. So, we didn’t make comments about you know what the linearity of the bookings was.
