Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Tore. The -- well, I think I've talked with quite a few customers, both domestically here in America and internationally over the last quarter, 1.5 quarters, maybe 2 quarters. In the atmosphere of the kind of the macro uncertainty driven by trade war rhetoric and so on and so forth and the impacts of the tariffs, I'd say, generally speaking, customers are remaining optimistic though there is, obviously, concern which is dampening enthusiasm for laying down CapEx and taking a long-term view to demand. So I would say, at this point in time, what we're seeing though is cancellations are at a kind of a normal rate and lead times, for the most part, are pretty normal. So in the industrial market itself, we're seeing pockets of softness. I would say, in the automation part of our business, it's largely softening in China. And we are seeing strength, for example, in the electronic test and measurement side of our business. Obviously, health care has remained strong for the company. And I think aerospace and defense is also an area of continued growth and some good acceleration there over the last quarter or 2, so I think that provides you some color. And from our point of view, Tore, we've obviously been investing heavily from an R&D and customer engagement standpoint over the past -- really, the past decade. So I think for ADI, we're better positioned than we've ever been in that market. It is our #1 focus, I would say, and it's broad, it's deep, it's got many thousands of products, many thousands of customers associated with it. So we're optimistic about our capacity to continue to grow content and to gain share as we have been doing in '18 and beyond. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think back in '17 when we had our Analyst Day, we were talking, at that point in time, about our visibility and confidence towards $1 billion. So yes, we're well above that now and looking at -- continuing to grow and we've certainly confidence that we've doubled that synergy number over the past year and a bit. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. Good questions. So let me start with the latter part of your question first. I don't get any sense that there's any form of tension or panic buying by our Chinese customers to get ahead of any tariffs or trade war concerns. Remember as well, what we're seeing now is an accelerated build-out of, I would say, enhanced 4G and moving into the early stages of 5G. That's a multiyear process anyway, no matter what. So what I'm seeing is a good balance between what we see as the increasing demand from the carriers and the -- I would say, the supply from our customers to meet the carrier's demands. When you look at the -- put the whole thing together, we're looking at '19 being another year of double-digit growth. We have, as I said, we've got 4G tailwinds and that's driven by content gains we've been making over the last 3 years, I'd say. Hittite incidentally, just to give you a little bit of a benchmark here, when we inquired Hittite, it was roughly a $270 million trailing 12-month revenue company. The Hittite portion of our business is well over $400 million at this point in time. And it isn't just communications, it's where microwave and those radio frequency technologies are used and aerospace and defense and other parts of the instrumentation industrial market. So I think, when you put the massive MIMO addition to 4G or 5G, as some people call it, and the early stages of 5G, that gives ADI a tremendously increased opportunity value over 4G. And as I said in the prepared remarks, my sense is that we've got a 4x content improvement as 5G begins to ramp up here. So it's -- and that, by the way, doesn't include -- we're not including any specific targets for LT in that number, but there's a huge cross-selling opportunity. We're beginning to go to production with power designs at this point in time. So I think, the tailwinds are strong and ADI's content has grown, our portfolio has never been stronger, so that's what we're seeing. I think it's a share gain story for ADI. 
Vincent Roche: Well, looking into '19, we started the year off a bit stronger given the content that we have in some of the, say, older platforms. All that said, we're still expecting that consumer will decline somewhere between 10%, 20% on the portable side in '18, while the prosumer part of our business, which looks a lot more like a B2B sector, is continuing to perform well for the company. So I think the way to look at this, John, after this year's growth will be determined by essentially new sockets, either what we win or what we lose. That will determine, ultimately, what happens, I think, after '19. But as always, we're optimistic about where we're playing in consumer and we continue to be selective in the areas that we target and we're always seeking to increase diversity of application and customers, so I think that's the snapshot of consumer at this point. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Craig. Well, first and foremost, cabin electronics, that part of our business has done very well during '18 and we're positioned for more growth in '19, so the growth in that area was double digits in '18. And yes, the A2B application space is growing for the company. We've added this new media transport modality as well that we call C2B. And we're also now getting the benefit of adding LTC silent switcher technology into some of these sockets as well, so we're at the early stages of an operant in our power business there. I think as well, it was well publicized during the year that we had some troubles with our Battery Management Solution technology. But I think we've really turned the corner, particularly in the second half of '18. In the second half, we achieved double-digit growth and we expect '19, also, to be a double-digit growth performer for ADI. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, we're sampling our next-generation BMS. And we've got some very interesting architectural innovations as well coming on the back of that, that will change the way these systems are designed and implemented in the electrification activity. On the sensing side, again, I've talked about some of this in the prepared remarks across radar. We've got our -- we're sampling our 77-gigahertz image quality radar. We've a very interesting and growing diversified pipeline in the LIDAR sector that combines both LT and ADI mixed-signal technologies. And many customers are starting to use our IMU, inertial management units, in the kind of L3 plus autonomous driving area. So I think we have continued to accelerate during '18 in terms of stabilizing BMS and starting to get it back to a growth trajectory, and a lot of exciting things going on in autonomous VD goals as well. So hopefully, Craig, that frames it up for you. 
Vincent Roche: I don't think there's anything really of note. First off, we're not so impacted by the tariffs, but there are some signs that our customers are trying to work around the cost impact of the tariffs. I think there are some passing on of the cost to end customers, and also a very small amount -- at least from our perspective, I'd say, a very small amount of mitigation by our customers by moving to areas not affected by the tariffs when it comes to manufacturing their products, but I think it's very, very de minimis at this point in time. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, Ambrish, another -- a little bit of color. So I would say, for the most part, what we're seeing is really a pause rather than any -- we're not seeing cancellations as such. I think it's a pause. It's a level -- it's the macro uncertainty that's causing customers to be a little cautious. Lead times for the company are really normal, and I would say -- as I've just said, cancellations are just normal. And just to give you a little more depth of color on that, so the legacy ADI is well within the normal range of supply chain metrics. In other words, greater than 90% of our portfolio shipping within the normal 4- to 6-week window that we're planning to report. LTE is a little more mixed. We've had some, I would say, tightening of supply. Demand has been strong and supply has been a little tight, but we've been investing aggressively and putting in place new capacity, in fact, over the last couple of quarters, to support not just today's shortfalls, but also to support the future growth that we're expecting and increasingly optimistic about. So the book-to-bill as just -- as Prashanth said, just a little below parity on the B2B side, driven largely by industrial. So -- but I think the book-to-bill that we've given or that we're seeing is very supportive of the guidance that we put out there. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. There's a lot of very good questions in there, Ross. So I'd say -- I mean, it's very hard to parse out precisely what is market, what is ADI. Clearly, we, as a company, have -- we retooled the entire strategy of the company, 8, 9, 10 years ago to focus very, very heavily on the B2B area. In fact, we're spending today 95% for R&D in the B2B spaces and most of our customer engagement activities as well, of course, are in the B2B areas. So the addition of the added R&D focus on the legacy ADI portfolio in the B2B area, the addition of Hittite and now LTC, where LTC was largely focused on B2B, I think positions the company well. We have been taking share, that I'm sure of, and I believe we will continue to gain share. And of course, we were aided by favorable macro trends, I think, generally speaking. PMIs have been positive for the last several quarters and GDP has been strong. So obviously, the environment is strong, but I think ADI is executing in a more focused, more intense way as well in capturing the opportunity. So we believe, again, that B2B will increase within our -- I think a more moderated growth range. We've said that, for the long term, that if we can grow our B2B business, kind of 2x to 3x GDP, we would be content on an ongoing basis. And that's my sense for '19 as well, barring any macro cataclysm that -- that's what we're going to see again in the -- we're going to see that kind of growth rate in the coming year. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, first off, there are many, many solution variants out there when -- between the antenna and the bit streams, so to speak. And there's -- we have the strongest portfolio of technologies from -- right from the antenna down into the bit stream area. So as I said earlier, as we move into the 5G, the early stages of 5G here, we're looking at potentially 4x the content availability compared to the classical 4G that we've been part of over the last 5, 7 years. And when we get into the millimeter wave side of things, the -- we have, again, we've got the broadest portfolio. We can architect in a very flexible way to all the various customer needs. So as 5G millimeter wave comes in, we're looking at potential gains of 8, 10 plus in terms of potential content just given the channel count on the radio transceivers which, by the way, is where most of the innovation has taken place in these 5G systems, at least, until they virtualize in the early '20s or so. So there's -- there are kind of 3 or 4 major building blocks in these base stations these days. There's the classical transceiver, there's the massive MIMO addition, there's all this power technology that we can bring to bear now as well for our customers. And then there's the digital baseband, the digital front-end. And we're innovating not just in the analog space, but we're also pushing the boundaries incidentally on the digital side. And those boundaries, they blur, they shift, they ebb and they flow over multiple generations. But in our software-defined transceivers, for example, we've taken a significant amount of digital content and combined it with our converter technologies and our radio interface capabilities and dramatically reduce the footprint of the radio and cut the power levels down as well. So those are all important answers to very, very critical problems that our customers have. So my sense is, over the next, say, 5 years until we get into millimeter wave, we're looking at a potential content increase of 3x to 4x, and then it's a question of how many radios deploy. And -- but we're very, very well positioned from the content and architectural coverage standpoint. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: John, we're looking for a 7% increase on a sell-through basis for the consolidated company and 12% for B2B, so you should be able to impute the numbers you need for consumer. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: CJ, I would just add that, remember, we think about our geographic revenue based on where activity is designed. So when we think about, from a market standpoint, I mentioned factory auto -- sorry, factory automation was one that we're seeing some softness. Automated test equipment was the other area we were seeing some softness. But outside that, really, the rest of industrial has been staying in growth mode, so that's what's forming our sort of confidence for the Q1 outlook. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Mark, I think we're probably more familiar with our specific production and what we're seeing is customers looking at supply chain changes that allow them to maybe avoid staging products in the U.S. that would then get further assembled and have those go directly to other countries where the assembly happens and thereby, avoiding the tariffs. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me take factory utilization. Certainly, we're headed into the holiday season, so our factory utilizations normally unaligned a bit for those that are impacted by Thanksgiving and then again for the Christmas-New Year period. So utilizations are coming down, but not necessarily linked to changes in the demand environment beyond our original planning areas. In terms of booking activities, certainly, our industrial business is seeing book-to-bill below parity and it's been a while since we've seen that. But as I mentioned, that we see most of that being heavily weighted from the 2 segments, factory automation and automated test equipment. Order activity has stabilized from where it was. Now I don't think we have the wherewithal to call the bottom here, but I'm just giving you the facts that we saw -- we certainly saw an improvement in October versus what we saw in September. 
