Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. All right. With that, let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, we have our first question, please.
Michael Lucarelli: I'll call that -- that would be -- that's Phase 1. We will talk more about Phase 2 at the Analyst Day and we'll look to increase that synergy target at that time. And I think you had second question on gross margin, I'll pass it back to Prashanth…
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. A content transcript will be available on our Web site and all available reconciliations and this information can also be found there. Thanks again for joining us and your continued [Technical Difficulty] Analog Devices. Have a great Thanksgiving.
Vincent Roche: In the past quarter, our organic supply had some impact from some COVID shutdowns in Southeast Asia that affected much of the industry. We still did grow sequentially in the fourth quarter. But as we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters, our supply has been limited and revenue really is a function of supply. So that hiccup did put a little bit of pressure on the revenue line, and you'll see that correct itself as we go forward.
Vincent Roche: Toshi, I can take a slightly longer-term view of things. I think it's true to say, certainly from our standpoint, that price increases aren't new. We've been systematically raising prices as a company for many, many years, I think we've talked about before. We continue to deliver increasing value in our new product streams. And we also maintain products for our customers that are often more than 20 years in -- 20 years old in vintage terms. We've taken a very measured approach to pricing over the last year. And we've been very transparent with our customers as well that price increases are really more about passing on costs rather than looking to enhancing our margins. Last comment on pricing. I think the industry, as we approach this kind of post-Moore's Law era, we're in an era now, I believe, of structural price increases rather than cyclical. In other words, I think you'll start to see inflation sustained for the industry in the years ahead. It's been proven over the last couple of years for certain that semis are the roots of the modern digital economy. And I think customers understand as well that importance and the value that is increasingly created by semi. So I believe that, as I said, inflation will persist. It will moderate, but I think it's a facet now of the business structure of the semi industry and indeed ADI's business.
Vincent Roche: I mean, there are many, many. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, for example, that Maxim is very underrepresented in the industrial space where ADI is very, very strong. Half our business, total business is industrial, and it's a very, very small part of Maxim's business. And where I see the opportunity there is really on the power side of things, power management, in particular. It's the fastest growing segment in the analog space. And I think generally, across the board, we're still underrepresented as a company in power. We today have approximately $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion of combined power revenues. My sense is we can double that in a reasonable period of time. And we'll give a lot more detail on that when we get to the Investor Day over the next couple of months. And from an application and market standpoint, I'd just like to point to data center. You know the power management solutions that Maxim has for companionship with cloud processors, AI machines, accelerators and so on, I think will combine very nicely with ADI's data center micromodules. And then in automotive, connectivity, Maxim's GMSL high speed link technology used in our in-cabin connectivity portfolio, will enable us to optimize solutions and address a lot more applications in the car. And that's a nice companion as well to ADI's A2B connectivity solution for audio. And last but not least, Maxim has added a lot of heft to our BMS portfolio and our portfolio now is double the size it was pre-Maxim. And as I mentioned, again, in the prepared remarks, we now sell to seven out of the top 10 OEMs in the electric car area. And there's a lot more examples but they are the primary ones I'd like to point out at this stage.
Vincent Roche: So I'm going to at least give you some shape on that. So when we look into 2022, we can see growth across all the various market sectors for the year. And I think it's possible that we'll see another double digit top line year for ADI. And the primary reasons, well, we've got a very strong backlog as we enter the year. We're seeing broad based demand continue. I think also, we're seeing some improvement, generally speaking. With each passing month, we're seeing improvements in supply. So I think that line of sight gives us increased confidence, that's both internally as well as externally. We are in catch up more than pricing. So I think you'll see some significant contribution in 2022 from pricing activities. And also, inventories continue to remain low in the distribution channel and, of course, on the customer side pretty much on a broad basis. So I think overall, '22 should shape up to be a good year and we've got many, many drivers there on our side.
Vincent Roche: I think briefly from my perspective. The number of conversations that I've been having with customers certainly hasn't slowed down. And in these conversations, it's pretty clear to me that what we're being requested to support as real demand. So our customers are trying to get products out the door, and they're not building inventories at this point in time.
Vincent Roche: So Stacy, the way to think about the cost synergies is we said roughly 40% in the coming fiscal and then the balance in 2023. The majority of the coming fiscal will actually be in cost of goods. And then in 2023, you'll see that flip to be the majority of that coming in OpEx. What else can I tell you there -- anything else [Mike] that's relevant…
Vincent Roche: If you look at our our first quarter guide, and that's probably a good level of run rate OpEx, I would say. In that guide, there is about $20 million of annual OpEx we took out in our fourth quarter. So maybe add $20 million to that for the run rate…
Vincent Roche: And you're right, on the gross margin for the year, the plan is for it to continue to rise throughout the year, assuming demand remains strong and mix doesn't change given synergies and also our pricing actions.
Vincent Roche: I think the best answer we can give you, C.J., is that we've indicated we expect gross margins to increase throughout the year. And we've got a hybrid model. So we expect to -- against that, we're not expecting any kind of external, internal prohibitions that will impact gross margin but we expect it to increase throughout the year.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Why don't I take pricing, and I'll let Vince kind of speak how we think about it longer term. So the short answer is, for 2021, we've been talking about rising cost inflations over the course of the year, and we've been raising our prices with the goal of neutralizing the impact to margin. I would say that in the fiscal year that just finished, cost increases and price increases were not completely synchronized. So it's very likely that cost inflation outpaced our pricing actions for the year and we're likely a modest headwind to the year. As we go into 2022, we're looking for the inverse of that. We're looking for pricing net of inflation to be a modest tailwind to the year as the price increases that have begun -- begin to get more traction. And we believe that while we still will have some cost increases over the course of the year, most of those are now baked into the run rate.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, maybe just double clicking on the supply item to provide clarity. We put in a fair amount of equipment orders for the legacy ADI operations. So we expect ADI capacity to continue to increase quarter-on-quarter over the coming fiscal year. On the Maxim side, we've done the same, but those orders only went in when the deal closed. So given the long lead times from the semi-cap guys, we're probably unlikely to see a meaningful increase in Maxim's ability to supply until the tail end of the year. So unfortunately, I think Maxim, from a fiscal year basis, will probably be a little bit of a drag on growth just because we can't get the tools fast enough.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Ambrish, we're really not seeing much of a change. The customer -- on customer buying behavior, book-to-bill is well above one in the fourth quarter. So our outlook to grow quarter-on-quarter for the first quarter in what is normally a seasonally weaker quarter as a reference to that. Our backlog increased and we're starting 2022 with a very high level, and we have not seen much change in cancellations or pushouts. So we're continuing to do what we have been doing and that is we're reviewing with sales and ops for red flags that would indicate there's some level of turning in the market. We haven't seen anything notable, really it's pretty strong across all end markets and all geographies. And as we've said before, we manage our business on sell-through. So we really look through distribution to get insight from where our products are going on a sell-through basis to understand what's happening in terms of who's buying and where it's being shipped to. So we're prepared for things to change but I would say right now, it continues to feel as it did a quarter ago.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: It depends on the product, and it depends on the market. So we have some areas where they continue to extend and others that have stabilized. So overall, lead times are above normal and it's not where we want them to be. But it's very product and market specific given the diversity of what we make and where we make it.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: On gross margins, the -- so first quarter seasonally tends to be a little bit lower because we have the holiday shutdowns and this first quarter here will have a full quarter of Maxim, which as many of you know, had lower gross margins than stand-alone ADI. So we've got some headwind coming from that. The tailwind is we've got the revenue that's coming in strong and pricing, as I mentioned earlier, is going to be -- start to be mildly accretive. So all in, I would think gross margins kind of sequentially, I think, flattish is a safe model.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I think it probably looks to be continued hand to mouth for the next couple of quarters. Our inventory numbers are a little bit confusing because of some of the map that's in there. So I'll just go back to what I said in the prepared remarks. Days of inventory was down slightly. The internal inventory balance was up as we built raw materials and WIP. You have some noise in there from Maxim's inventory being added into our middle of the quarter as well as the purchase accounting math, which requires us to do a step up of that. So adjusting for all of that, we were up slightly in terms of ADI balance sheet inventory and most of that was in WIP. On the channel side, it remains very lean and well below where we want it to be, and that causes some challenges on customer service as it does for everyone in the industry. We don't see that abating at least for the first or second quarter, and it's hard for us to see further out than that.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So C.J., well, let's break down the dynamics. On the internal supply, I mentioned that ADI's internal capacity will continue to improve as we go through every quarter as we bring more equipment online. On the Maxim side, I mentioned that is pretty much flat for most of the year. We're optimistic that we might be able to see some improvement towards the tail end of the year as we get more equipment in. On the external side, I will say that Vince himself is personally involved in conversations with our foundry partners and looking to get additional wafer capacity when we can, but it's very much driven by what nodes are available. And maybe I'll pass to Vince here to add a bit more comment since you've been having a lot of those conversations…
