Vincent Roche: Sure. Thanks for your question, Vivek. I would say, clearly, as you said, overall demand is better. And I think as well, there is a very good balance between supply and demand. Inventories are, I'd say, very, very well balanced with our customers as best we can tell. Right now, we are seeing very strong trends in automotive and industrial, while we expected comms a little softer after a big first-half of 2020. But overall, I believe 2021, I think I said in the last call is going to be a solid growth year for ADI and for the industry. And my conviction has become even stronger since the last earnings call here. Let me try and unpack things little for you. If I go through a couple of the market segments, industrial, we've clearly seen a broadening of demand. And if you look at 2020, the first-half was clearly about healthcare, aerospace and defense and automatic test equipment, strength in those areas and that strength has persisted, I think, persisted in the second-half of the year. And I think the second-half actually saw good strength emerge in factory automation, process automation, they are more horizontal businesses for ADI. So, we believe that, that strength will continue into the first quarter and beyond. Automotive, as you will have seen, we had a strong upsurge there as well and the business, in fact, is now back to pre-COVID levels. And bookings continue to remain strong in that area. And if I look at just the sub-segments within to give you a little bit of color, electrification is strong, so are BMS solutions, where we're on the fifth generation of BMS product solutions, are doing particularly well. And our infotainment business, which is - which has emerged beyond high fidelity rendering of audio and video. Our A2B solutions are emerging with great strength, given the pipeline that we've been building over the last several years really. And you will have seen no doubt as well, the active road noise cancellation solutions are riding again on top of the platform. So if I look at maybe comms a little bit here, so 2020 was strong actually across both wireless and wired. Actually, both were up in the fourth quarter of high-teens year-over-year. So if we extract Huawei, where we had the restrictions, 2020 was strong across all the rest of the customers. In fact, they grew during 2020. So, I think 2021 will be about the performance of 5G, which is a pretty good part of the communication story. I expect it will move more global beyond China, particularly with deployments in North America. And I'm glad to have report as well, consumer has been on the downward for ADI for several years. But we believe now that we've reached the bottom as we had expected in 2020. And given the diversity of applications that we're now addressing, broader-based customers, we feel good about that business in both the portable as well as the more professional solutions that we serve also. So hopefully, that answers your question completely, Vivek.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So if I look at what's happening in the business, maybe I'll take a shorter-term view than the slightly longer-term view and address your question on O-RAN as well, Tore. So, what we're seeing is that in the business in general, as I said in the answer to the last question there, comms in general for us has seen strength in both wireless and wired technologies, optical wired, particularly in the wired area. And what we're seeing is obviously more aggressive deployments of these massive MIMO-based systems, where our channel count continues to increase, which gives ADI a lot more content for radio. And I would also say that our portfolio has never been stronger given the investments we've been making up for several years. And our customer share has never been higher with the key OEMs far more balanced in terms of the span of technologies and products that we're supplying. So, I think it's important to remember 5G is at the early stages of multi-year, probably a decade of ramp here. And I think 2021 will be characterized by the deployments of 5G more globally beyond China. I expect America to be the primary driver probably towards the second-half of 2021 for 5G. And we've also - we've seen a lot of interest in our technologies for O-RAN. We're working with ecosystem partners in that area. You will have seen. Also the first announcement we've had publicly about the use of our technologies - our radio technologies with Rakuten Mobile in Japan through our partnership with NEC. So, I think it's classical 5G being deployed for consumer applications will continue rapidly over the next three years. But I'm also beginning to see now the early stages of adoption of 5G into more deterministically critical applications like healthcare, factory automation and so on and so forth. So, I think if you look over the long-term, Tore, this is going to continue to be a growth market for ADI with more content. We've got a stronger position with our customers and we continue to push the boundaries of technology here to enable our customers to simply now to deal with the complexity, that's increasing exponentially and the more rapid innovation cycles with our software-defined radio systems.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So, thanks Ambrish. First and foremost, it's still a fairly tricky time in terms of trying to predict GDP. But we've come out of the year with tremendous strength. First-half of the year for ADI was about aerospace and defense, healthcare and the automatic test equipment sector as well. So - and that's continued, by the way, through the second-half. And then, we're building upon that in the - with the upsurge, the second-half is the expansion of growth in factory automation, which is, particularly in the fourth quarter, we began to see a very, very good surge, which we expect to continue by the way, albeit of, I'll say, somewhat depressed base as economic expansion really takes roof, I believe, in 2021. So - and also, this business for ADI, industrial is more than half of the company's revenue. The crop of products out there is stronger than it has ever been in the history of the company. Our focus - a decade ago, we decided this was really the roof of the company and we're beginning to really see, demonstrated in our results versus our competition and we're gaining market share, I think that's important to note. So, we cover more customers with more market share, with better product portfolio. So with Industry 4.0 coming on board, healthcare moving towards digitalization, telemedicine, these all bode really well for ADI for the long term. And where does Maxim add value to it as well? Industrial actually is - is really about - is primarily about precision signal processing and power management. And Maxim brings a long heritage in those two areas, which we will deploy to even greater effect across the spectrum of sensor to cloud, the raw signal that are sensing the signal, capture signal processing, connectivity. And that bodes very well for ADI. So, I'm excited about getting more capabilities to bring to more customers. As they require ADI to sell bigger swaths of problems, the complexity is growing in terms of their needs. The analog scale is becoming scarcer and scarcer. So, we will bring more of that skill to bear to solve more problems in a more complete way for our customers. So, I think that's the way to think about it, Ambrish.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So if I look - thanks, C.J. If you look out over the longer term, so industrial automation has been really on its way down for the last two years, two and a half years. And some of that was driven by the trade tensions. Obviously, with the automotive sector way off in, I mean, SAAR was dropping anyway in 2019, the pandemic crush demand there even more so in 2020. So, automotive is a big, big consumer of sophisticated factory automation systems. So that's all improving. If I think about the long-term prospects for the business given the vectors, the market vectors, the technology vectors that we've got, my sense is if you think over the longer-term here and integrate the demand over three-year, five-year period, my sense is this business can grow in the mid-to-high single digit level for ADI.
Vincent Roche: So let me try and unpack that for you. So yes, in fourth quarter, we were up 2% year-over-year. And actually, we had strength across all the applications. But even though our battery management solutions were down year-on-year, we did better than the overall market at large. And our position has gained strength with the new offerings that we have and the sheer performance that we bring that nobody else can match in terms of the sensing and the single processing. So, I think that, just looking at the prognostications of what electrification will do in the electric vehicle area, I think that's a growth trend for decade, decade and a half, two decades. So, we feel good about that given our position. I think also if you just look at the fourth quarter, I talked previously about our signal processing platform, high performance signal processing platform based on our DSP, our A2B technology road noise cancellation. A2B alone was up 70% in the year. So, we've been talking about it a long time. But now the revenues are really coming home to roost in that area. If I look at 1Q, typically, the automotive business for ADI is down seasonally, but we believe that it will be up. So the strength that we've been seeing coming through the fourth quarter here will continue into the first and beyond. And if I look at just the areas that I feel really enthusiastic about that we've been steering investment increasingly towards over the last three years or so, I talked already about the electric vehicle market. And we think about that as an opportunity from battery formation to battery deployment and battery discharge. So, we're growing share in those key markets and we continue to innovate in the space and create more blue sky between ourselves and our competition, as the problems that our customers are solving become more and more challenging. So, we've brought wireless BMS quite recently, which we've announced a partnership with GM. But that is only the start. That is a new growth dimension for ADI in the automotive sector. I've talked about infotainment already, A2B, road noise cancellation. And we've managed to grow that business in 2020 despite the really, really compressor. The other thing I should point out is that we're still in the early innings of attaching our power franchise in the automotive of critical applications in which we play and that's all still ahead of us. Again, we feel good about that in areas like safety, the radar, as well as vision-based safety systems. And just in the car in general, power is an area where we've made excellent progress, I think, getting design ends. Now, we're turning them to revenue.
