Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tunc. That's the end of our prepared comments. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Venk Nathamuni: Operator, given the time constraints, we'll go with just one question per caller, and if there's time at the end, they can always ask a follow-up.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. This concludes our Maxim Integrated conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim Integrated.
Tunc Doluca: Romit, so thanks for the question. So in terms of our guidance for the December quarter, we actually projected it to be slightly up for consumer revenue. And in terms of looking at seasonality just for the December quarter, obviously, we went through a major inventory correction in the prior 2 quarters. So we think that a lot of the corrections that we normally see in December, we believe that we've been through that, and that's why this year seems a little bit different. Now your question was more about going into the future, into March. And as you know, we don't quite like commenting that far out. There are just too many variables for us to be able to figure out what seasonality or unseasonal results we're going to get. And as you well know, there's all kinds of new models coming in. Frankly, we don't really know in terms of which sockets we've won or we've been able to keep for those newer models, as well as new functions that we actually are competing for that we were not in before. So it's very hard for us to really project any seasonality or any revenues into March, frankly.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I mean, I think we've talked about it before, I mean, there is -- there are many sockets available and there are different models across Samsung and across other companies as well. And we do our best to win as many of those sockets as possible, but I've said it before, you can't win all of them. But in terms of the major platforms, we've got good offerings, and it is competitive, but we've got great technology. And the customers definitely are very interested in our products as well. So I think going forward, we've got a good relationship with the customers, and we've got good technologies. So that's a good combination when you move forward in terms of winning designs and obviously, generating revenue as a result of that.
Tunc Doluca: Well, if you look at how big of an inventory correction we did go through, I would say that, that absolutely had some effect on our results versus some of the other companies that are reporting. But I also think there's some effect on who's on which model with which sockets. So as you know, there's multiple sockets that are running. And there's multiple models that Samsung sell, and they ramp them at different times. So it really depends on those 2. We don't exactly quite follow who's on which socket unless we're competing for it. So for us to be able to predict that, it's pretty difficult. But I think it's 2 factors. Number one, the one you mentioned, which is that we went through pretty sizable correction; and the number two is, it also depends on which phone they're ramping it, what time and who's in those sockets.
Tunc Doluca: Well, any of these sockets that actually you -- that are opportunities for suppliers, they're obviously very visible and they're large. So they got big targets on them. And obviously, a lot of suppliers want to win those sockets. So it is always competitive. But as long as we're ahead of the game by one generation or more, and we're able to provide technology to the customer that's interesting to them, we do better in terms of being able to keep the prices that we need in order to participate in the business. So the short answer is, yes, it is very competitive. But we've been able to stay ahead and be able to preserve the pricing that we need to participate.
Tunc Doluca: Well, in terms of opportunities, the ones that you already mentioned, the interface Power SoCs, the one that is pretty much in every phone and provides valuable functions, I think that continues to be an opportunity for us. We think that the advanced optical or gesture sensing products, they're an opportunity for us. We have -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we won some Audio Amplifier business, so that we believe is going to be -- continues to be an opportunity for us. And we've also, as you know, been working on MEMS sensors. They're better -- will contribute some revenue next year. I'm talking about calendar year now. But it will be just the beginning, so it won't be a huge contributor, probably. And I think in terms of application processor, PMICs, we still continue to make products for some of the other apps processor companies. And whether those will turn into large revenue or not will depend on whether they're successful or not in winning at the smartphone companies. I'm talking about the apps processor companies now. So it's a combination of all of these. I think that when we talk amongst ourselves here, we do have a lot of irons in the fire, and exactly which ones are going to be the ones that give us the best revenue return is to be seen. But there's definitely plenty of technologies we're working on and showing customers. We're showing it to multiple customers, and we're also showing it, since the products are similar, at all different types of applications, smartphones and tablets, mid-range smartphones, as well as e-readers. So they set lots of irons in that fire.
Tunc Doluca: So on the server side, specifically in that area, obviously, we believe that Volterra has some great technology to offer. The company in general has good revenue coming from the top 2 server manufacturers, so good wins there going into the future. These products usually have fairly long lives. It's not like the handset market. The design wins are done, and then they sell for a long time, which is good. We believe we do have other opportunities in -- for instance, that are really not very well tapped into in areas outside of the top 2 customers, such as cloud, servers and so on, and microservers. So that's an area that we're really going to go after more aggressively than Volterra could because we have a much wider reach in terms of our sales force. So there's opportunities outside of the top 2 customers, and those are the ones we're going to pursue. But as I said, those design wins take time, and the revenues take time to build as well. And that's why when we did our announcement, when we said that in terms of revenue growth, it's not going to come in the short term, it's going to come in the long term.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So the Automotive business, we really decided to get into it, and sort of kind of gives you an idea of how long it takes to build revenue in our business. We started maybe 6 or 7 years ago to see some revenue. It was in the -- that's like 1% or 2% back then. We're getting into the mid-single -- mid to high single-digit range now, and it keeps growing. The good news about automotive is, once you start growing the business, it continues to grow for a while because new design wins are layering up on top of old ones which don't go away. So it is a market that we like. And as we've said before, the market size is expanding because of contents in the cards going up, and plenty of opportunities for a lot of analog and mixed signal. And a tremendous need for integration in that market, because as you know, the reliability depends really on keeping the component count down. So it's just playing right into our strategy, and we think that it's going to keep growing going into the future as well.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think, partially, we all somewhat got spoiled by the fact that we were in a large market growing, depending on which year you looked at it, anywhere from 30% to 40% per year. And we took advantage of it, I'm glad we did. But you know that at some point in time, you can't continue growing something large at 40% per year. So that growth rate has slowed. It's not like it's a declining market. It has slowed, but it is still growing. And the growth right now, more of it is occurring in the mid-range space. But the high-end smartphones are also still growing, even though at a small rate. So from our strategy point of view, we still continue to focus, number one, on the high end because that's where all the technology, the advanced technology gets developed. And then we take that technology that we develop and we leverage it into low-end phones. And the content in the low-end phones obviously is less than high end, because they're mid-range, because there is less functionality, meaning, there's less analog content. So I think our strategy is going to -- is working well because we still have lots of opportunities in the high end. It will grow slower, but we do have newer sockets and newer technologies we're going after, so that continues. Number two, in the mid-range, we just leverage the technology we've already developed and go to more customers where we can win those sockets as well. Frankly, we're not -- we're looking at the low-end, and that's not looking very attractive, so that's not part of what we're going after as a strategy. So my view and our view collectively in the company is that this is -- continues to be a good market. It's not growing 40%, 50% a year, but it's still growing, and there's still plenty of analog content to go for. And the company's overall share, global share is relatively small compared to the available market in smartphones in general. So I think the way it's going to shape up, in my view, it's going to continue to grow, but not at the levels that we saw in the past 3 years.
Tunc Doluca: Actually, thanks for noticing that, because it is -- you're right, it did go up in the December quarter. However, looking deeper into the year, as I said before, I think, Romit had asked that question. There's just too many variables for us to be able to tell. You've got obviously the success of our largest customers' phones. We've got -- we don't have equal content at each customer, so it depends on how each one of them fares against the other. And finally, we're also trying to make sure that we maintain the current sockets that we own, and we're working on sockets that we didn't have before, new functions that weren't there. So there's just too many variables for us to be able to predict. But I think that next year, we're looking forward to it, and we're making the right moves to make it grow. But how it turns out, it's very difficult to tell.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So obviously, there's a lot of customers in China, they're up and coming, they're growing very fast. And what essentially we do for that market is, as I said before, we took our technology that we've developed. For instance, I'll give you an example on the power area, because that's pretty lucrative. We can take the interface Power SoC we did and we developed for our major customer. And we're really able to take that and customize it for what the top Chinese manufacturers want and offer to them as a great solution. And that's one example where we can take technology we've got for high-end smartphones and really move it into other markets, other customers, as well as mid-range phones, for example. So we do have relationships, and we are pursuing design wins for all of our offerings with those customers as well. Now having said that, I said they're growing fast, but they're still -- compared to the 2 large customers in the space, they're very small. And I know that all of you know that, but it still is part of our strategy, as you said, to diversify the customer base, and we're definitely making progress in that area.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So on the MEMS front, we had, in our 6-degree of Freedom product, we did start sampling that. We talked about it on our previous calls. Our customers, in general, liked the performance. The main advantage that they've seen, and we really worked for, was to provide the level of stability to provide good indoor navigation service to our customers, and they definitely see that advantage. But it's not -- it is pretty competitive because other companies buying products have some other features and other performance that might be better than ours. So it's really a tradeoff for the customer. And they're looking at our products and the competitors products, and trying to make a decision. But in general, the feedback we had received was good, but it's not like we were able to beat everybody on every single specification on the product.
Tunc Doluca: So on your other part of your question was in terms of top line of revenue. We do -- I've said this before, when we acquired the company in our justification, we don't really expect the revenue to grow for the next couple of years. Volterra products in the notebook market are basically going down, and that was a result of Volterra management basically reducing the amount of investment in that space, and that's offset by growth in some of their Comms and their Server business. So we know going in that for the next 2 or 3 years, there's really not that much growth in the opportunity. But there is, because of wins that we believe we can get, they have very small penetration in the communications market, and their products are very applicable there. But as you know, when you win those designs, it really takes 2 or 3 years for them to begin to show up as revenue. So that's -- in that space, it's going to take a while. And there were 3 other growth factors, I had mentioned. It was solar space, the integrated voltage regulators, as well as some battery products. And those 2 will take about 2 or 3 years to become sizable revenue. So we're -- now that we're more into and see the business better since the acquisition got completed, we basically see that, that's -- that plan is -- continues to be valid. And essentially, that's the drumbeat that we're marching to as a company.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think every company is kind of seeing -- it's almost like many of the companies are on some different cycles than what happened. It's like if we take out mobility, which obviously for us has a huge effect, we, too, see some seasonality in reduction, for instance, in industrial market for this quarter. But we are investing in some of the other markets, the vertical markets, which kind of have their own pattern. So that's really changing the results that we're getting in terms of our revenue going quarter-over-quarter. But I think in terms of what we're seeing, like in the industrial core space, it's really not that much different than what others are seeing. And I think that we're not -- there's no surprises in that core business from our point of view. But what we are seeing is some positive signs from our other markets, especially the vertical ones, and that's really helping us in terms of our results or our forecast for, especially, the December quarter being so different. Now having said that, we -- one piece of information that Bruce and I actually wanted to share was that, we, in general, the October, so far, bookings have been lower than the average booking rate that we saw in the prior quarter. And I really believe that, that is -- that's probably what's happening to our other competitors as well, and that probably has something to do with the guidance that everybody else has provided. When we look at historical data though, October usually is a weaker month than the prior quarter average. So from that point of view, it doesn't look like there is an alarmingly low level going on. But I think everybody has their own way of interpreting the data. And from our interpretation, that's how we came up with our guidance for the quarter, which appears to be higher than some of the peers -- peer companies that we compete with.
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's kind of hard to really completely take -- separate pricing from hard to replace an incumbent because they're always combined. But being an incumbent is always a better position to be in, and that's certainly something we enjoy at the other big customer. But it's not very easy unless the incumbent has some major flaw to completely displace them. But as we've said before, I mean, with the second customer, we also -- which we do have business with them, we just don't disclose it, because they want to be very private and we respect the wishes of that customer. But we do have business with them, and we compete with other suppliers at that customer, and our revenues are significant. But obviously, they're not currently above the 10% level that we -- at which point we do have to report it. So we're working closely. We've got a good relationship. I have -- I believe that at some point in time, we're going to grow our revenues with the customer. But it is, as you pointed out, incumbents do have an advantage when they're in those sockets already.
Tunc Doluca: So the current workforce for most of our Consumer or Mobility business is, are 180-nanometer BCD processors. We did mention in the past that we're working on a newer generation of that, and I really expect that to qualify into production, probably next year some time. So it's definitely in the works, and it's coming. And we'll see a transition in the coming years, but 180-nanometer will be most of our revenue generator for awhile.
Tunc Doluca: So in terms of the industrial verticals, in terms of products, I think we talked about previously, where we're investing. I mean, we're investing in smart grid products and meters, and those products are coming. We've added capabilities in our newer generations to not only do the metrology but also do security, as well as the communications processing of the data. So lots of great technology in the works there and announced already. We've got products coming in the medical space. We've not announced any of these yet, but we're really making great products that can have -- that have a combination of measuring things very accurately, which is needed in medical. Plus, the ability to do extremely low-power micro-controllers on the same chip. We've got great technology that we actually recently announced for ultrasound, where we integrated multiple channels into a single package, really reduced the component count by an order of magnitude or more, and we've got newer generations of that coming. So there's plenty of products and technology in development in all these vertical markets, and I just gave you a few of the more visible examples in the recent past. Your question about Volterra was adding, and I didn't quite understand that last piece. You said there were synergies? And you said we also talked about adding more resources, I don't think we've said that.
Tunc Doluca: So most of that is, obviously, the Volterra, a very small sales force. They were very focused in terms of customers. And what we're really doing in terms of selling their products more effectively is just using our sales force. Remember, we're adding more people. We already had a very good coverage around the world, and we're going to make sure that we train our field employees so they can effectively sell the Volterra products to the customers. They already are visiting almost on a daily basis. So that's not additional resources.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. The fiber communications products that we sell in the markets that these go into, historically, have always been lumpy. We -- not only because of the spending being lumpy, but also we see lots of inventory in the channel fluctuating a lot, especially in the Optical Module business. So that's been in the past. And I think it'd be very similar in the future, I don't think the general dynamics in that market are going to change. So it's going to be lumpy just the way that you characterized it, in my view.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No. The slight downtick in our gross margin really has nothing to do with Volterra. As we said before, its gross margins are kind of very close to 60%, plus it's a relatively small part of our business. Our long-term gross margin model is still 61% to 64%. We've dipped slightly down just because utilizations have dropped along with the revenue drop. So I think we're confident that as the business grows and utilizations tick back up, we'll be back into our long-term model of 61% to 64%.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. And to be clear, we didn't take a specific FAS 151 utilization charge, but just utilizations were down and that impacts absorption. And just some numbers, so in Q1, utilizations dropped down to 70%, right? And then we expect them to drop down again in the second quarter, as we kind of reduce our inventory, as we take it from the 110 days and try to bring that down, at least start closer to our target. So from that point of view, that's really what's driving down the tick down. To the extent that we get back over 80%, generally speaking, we're able to be within our range of 61% to 64%. The other thing that kind of impacted us in the first quarter was we did have inventory reserves above our normal range for the second quarter in a row, and certainly, we expect that going forward, that those will kind of return to their normal level. So I think utilization is getting back up over 80%, and inventory reserves coming in at their normal level will allow us to be within our 61%, 64%, where you saw us kind of operate for an extended time period.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, I'll handle the OpEx, and let Tunc talk about sort of the long-term Volterra growth. As you know, we've identified about $15 million worth of annualized synergies that we should be able to achieve. I think we feel very confident we're on track for that. We probably got about half of that achieved in the current quarter. It's offset a little bit by just some integration costs. But I think we're confident that we'll be able to achieve that $15 million annualized target after the March quarter. So from that point of view, that will provide a little bit of a down draft on our current OpEx. As far as the kind of organic Maxim business, we'll have to wait and see. Obviously, we don't have -- we've kind of made it through and Q2 is when we have the full quarter impact of our merit. And then going forward, obviously, you've seen us kind of being very good at managing and being disciplined in our OpEx. And certainly, we'll do that to the extent that we see opportunities for growth and our revenue and margin support it, we'll obviously continue to invest in the appropriate growth markets.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So currently, I mean, we have -- with our flexible manufacturing model, and we have probably over $1 billion, right around $1 billion of quarterly capacity. Of course, that depends on sort of the mix of products that make that up. And from what we do internally and externally, we have 3 different foundry partners. And certainly, our newer technologies, for us, the 400-nanometer and the 180 are the ones that we can do externally. And in general, those are in the consumer and some of the computing space. But some of those do fall into other areas, like automotive, et cetera. And generally, our industrial products are done primarily internally. Our goal is to always be able to build products in multiple fabs, whether internally or externally, so that we have that flexibility to scale up to the extent that a certain market sees an uptick in demand. As far as the specific nodes, I'll let Tunc talk about that.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. Yes, I mean, I think we called out distribution actually went down, from 53 to 52. We actually did see a little bit of growth in absolute dollars in inventory. But resales more than offset that, right, resales were up 5%. And so from that point of view, the days actually went down by 1%. So I think the channel inventory continues to be lean. It just simply doesn't want to go up, and I think it's just because of folks continuing to -- we're looking at our distributors continuing to be cautious from an inventory build point of view. It keeps getting harder for us to check inventory levels in our ODMs and OEMs, alright. As these are large customers with manufacturing around the world, it's getting harder for us. So we're not aware of any inventory buildup at this time. But that said, I think it is harder for us to track that at the OEMs and ODMs.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I mean, I think as we went into the first quarter, right, I think backlog was low as we went through the inventory correction, certainly, at our largest customer. And so then as we entered the quarter, we had -- Tunc talked about how book-to-bill was greater than 1. And so that usually happens where you get some good bookings in the first quarter to really set up kind of the first couple of months in the second quarter. One thing though that you will see is, generally speaking, the turns in our second quarter historically have been less than in other quarters. And we've seen this trend, and that's for a couple of reasons. One, customers are doing shutdowns, managing their kind of year-end inventory level, and to the extent that our largest customer at some level will continue to manage their balance sheet as well in the month of December. So I think it's just -- we see the uptick in the backlog, obviously, compared to the prior quarter when business was declining. And we also see that this is a lower turns quarter. So it's typical to start up high and then come down.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So I'll take that one. On the medical side, that's really, obviously, we're able to track to the extent that they shift into various CMs, and this was just an example where they actually had brought on a second CM, right? And so there was just an initial kind of buildup of that. And now, we're just going to kind of normalize between those 2 CMs, the amount of inventory that each one is keeping. So from this point of view, we're confident from a socket point of view that we have the business, and this was just an inventory rebalancing as they brought on a second contract manufacturer. So I don't think there's too much worry there. And I would say just a little color on your earlier question. One of the challenges we have is, to the extent that we're doing integrated products at this point in time, it's actually getting harder now to separate out, I mean, I'll say, internally to say exactly how much we have in power versus audio versus interface. Those are the type of things that -- it's hard for us to even track that internally.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. Good question. We still firmly believe in our model. And I think to the extent that we're at a 25% operating margin today, that actually provides a nice upside for us. We still believe in and target the kind of the 30% op margin number. We talked about earlier on the call, I think absolutely, the 61% to 64% gross margin is still our model. And you've kind of seen us demonstrate a lot of discipline around our OpEx. And so from that point of view, driving that number from where it currently is 35% of revenue, right, trying to get that down to something closer to 30% or 32% will provide additional leverage for us as well. So still, with our mix of business grow a little bit faster, 61%, 64% growth, manage the OpEx tight, and drive the kind of 30% op margin, which is a nice upside from today.
