Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Rich, and welcome to the call. Let’s get into our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have follow up question, please requeue, and we’ll take your question if time allows. With that, we have our first question, please.
Michael Lucarelli: Yeah. I'll grab that one. It's Mike. So you're right to think industrial is the weakest. I would say, 20% sequentially, sure, you can put that number in your model if you want to, 20% plus or minus sequentially.  I would say comms is also probably worse in the midpoint of your guidance, so down more than the 16% we guided to. While auto and consumer probably do a bit better, but are both down pretty significantly sequentially as well. And really, the big driver on the industrial piece, as we laid out is the channel reduction in the -- for the inventory in the channel, which is impacting industrial more so in other markets. I hope that helps, Stacy. 
Michael Lucarelli: Sure. I'll start and then I think Vince will add some clarity also on it, but this really is a supply-driven demand correction, what you're seeing here. And Vince outlined that in the answer to the first question where the supply chain fracture lead times extended for an extended period of time. Those have normalized.  We're still seeing what are happening as our customers is, they build a lot of inventory over that time. Why our lead times are extremely long. Now our lead time is back to normal, so they're seeing them reduce their balance sheet inventory to match our short lead times, so the cycle times match up. So really also a majority supply chain some demand. There's some areas of pockets of weakness in demand. But really overall, I'll call it more of a supply than demand correction in our business.  And we talked about in the script and as well the press release that supplied normalizing here in our second quarter.
Michael Lucarelli: And Vivek, as you asked a three-part question, I'll chime in as well for third quarter outlook. I know you gave me the outlook question. So it's hard to say, right? Our lead times are 13 weeks are lower. So we don't really have visibility into the third quarter today. But if you look back over history over the past decade, our B2B markets are about flattish sequentially in 3Q from 2Q, sometimes they're up a little bit, sometimes they're down a little bit depending where you are in the cycle, while consumers start seeing some holiday builds kind of up mid- to high single digit sequentially. So that's kind of historical context. We're not guiding in the third quarter, but that's how we should frame it. And then to add on to what Vince said about bookings. Bookings actually increased last quarter, and the quarter before that. So 4Q and 1Q bookings both improved. And what's interesting now is you look at our bookings, they're approaching parity, which is a good sign that we just see a pickup in the back half of the year.
Michael Lucarelli: So if you take a step back from a geo perspective, whole regions are weak, North America, Europe, China. China has been weakest the longest, I would say. The rest of Asia is doing better than the big three, but still weak as well. And like I said, China is the weakest source of demand.  Around Chinese New Year, honestly, if there's something unique about it, we called out. But I think what Vince said in the last question basically was bookings are improving globally as well as in China before and after this year. So really no impact from Chinese New Year and kind of the commentary we've made.
Michael Lucarelli: I'll grab the first part of that on the sell-in and sell-through part of it, Toshi. So selling and sell-through really relates to the channel. We reduced our channel inventory dollars the past two quarters, I would call it around a $50 million reduction, plus or minus per quarter over the last two quarters.  Looking at embedded in our guidance is a much bigger reduction of channel inventory. If you want to put a number around $100 million or so in our outlook, that's probably what we're seeing on the channel side. So we're reducing a lot in the channel.  Now as you look at the back half of the year, from a channel perspective, we think the sell-in and sell-through should be better matched given the actions we've taken over the last three quarters. And I'll pass it to Vince to talk a little about the customer inventory situation on the end customer side.
Michael Lucarelli: So I think your question is on how much of the impact on our gross margins underutilization versus mix. I think if you look here, our peak gross margins were about 74%. Our outlook, as Rich pointed out, embeds about 67%. That decline is really mix and utilization, about equal parts, I'll call it.  As you look to the back half of this year, it depends what mix is going to do. I think industrial is bottoming here, so that should help a little bit. From a utilization standpoint, Rich also pointed out, our starts are low enough to reduce inventory meaningfully. We've been doing that. We'll do it again in 2Q. So I don't see it starts going down, they're probably start going up, which should provide a tailwind to gross margins. How fast the gross margins pick up really depends on those 2 factors, how fast the revenue picks up and how much of it relates to the industrial sector.
Michael Lucarelli: So from inventories, yeah, I would say, a good question. You're right. We have a lot of inventory. As you can see on our balance sheet. The -- there's no acceleration of inventory charges in our gross margins. The inventory charge from a reserve standpoint have been elevated for the past few quarters, and they probably stay that way as you go into the back half of this year into next year. But that's not a headwind anymore. It's already kind of built in the run rate.
Michael Lucarelli: Yeah. Sure. From the auto standpoint, C.J., I would say, yes, there is definitely an inventory correction going on in auto like or market as Vince pointed that out, the supply fracture at everyone is, to a lesser degree, than auto than other markets, but it's not really because of the inventory. It's because of the growth drivers in that business, whether it's BMS, GMSL AB functional safe power, the growth in those areas are offsetting the overall call it inventory digestion in automotive area.  You're right to say that on the Tier 1 side or the OEM side, there's some froth inventory. But we're seeing that being digested. Will it be all complete? By the second quarter, we'll see, but I do feel good about those growth areas continue to grow this year. And for the full year, will auto grow, I don't know. We'll see. But it really depends on how strong the growth is in the growth areas and how much of the overhang on the inventory side is. But net-net, we do feel good about auto being our best performing end market here in 2Q and for the full year '24.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. I think first and foremost, the -- if you like, the events that caused the supply chain fracture was unique. And every single segment was impacted every single customer, every single business. So this is truly the broadest base demand inflection I've ever seen in my 30-something years with ADI. And I've been through all those different perturbations.  So I think that's the uniqueness of the event itself, I think is what caused the level of impact. And we see everything compounded. We saw the supply chain fracture. Then we saw the shortage, and then we got the behavior that we typically see in a shortage situation. You get double ordering, you get holding. And we're seeing that everywhere. The area that we've probably seen, I would say, the biggest correction is in the industrial market. And I think our sense is that it began in the second -- kind of the second half of the past year. And that will take four to five quarters to correct, I believe, from the beginning of the decline to when we start to see growth again. So I think that's pretty much it. But now we're in a situation where the lead times are very uniform. And actually, we got ahead of the supply chain issues, I think, faster than most. We've got our lead times back into better shape than most quite quickly. And so we saw the downturn, I think, more quickly than others. So all that said, Joe, I think the underlying demand for our products and technologies in the years ahead. We remain very, very bullish about that. And I expect, as we've indicated that we'll see a return back to growth in the second half of our fiscal year.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I think, Chris, if we look at the two halves of FY24, I believe the first half is all about inventory in digestion and digestion. And as Mike said, we largely get through that part of the headwind by the end of our second quarter. And then in the second half, all the indications our bookings are getting stronger, cancellations are abating. Our conversations with customers suggest that we'll begin to return to a growth pattern in the second half.  The big question is the macroeconomic dial where that's positioned. And I think at the margins, if I look at where we are this quarter versus last quarter, at least from a macro standpoint, maybe with the exception of China, we're more bullish than we were.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Well, I think, look, as soon as demand in flex, and we get back into a more normalized growth pattern, Vivek, everything will improve. Our utilizations will improve. We have under-shipped the channel, we've under-shipped our customers. So we've been working very, very hard in the company to make sure that when demand and flex that we will get a -- we've got the supply in place. We've got lots of finished goods and deadstock inventory. So we're in a great position to address the recovery. On the first part of your question about where are we seeing the bookings improvement, pretty much everywhere, pretty much everywhere, across all the segments. And if you look at industrial, I'd say the two healthiest parts of industrial right now is, as we message to the external world, aerospace and defense and healthcare, they've got fundamentally quite different drivers to, say, the factory automation or instrumentation business. But those two sectors are holding up better than the rest. But even in a more traditional industrial sector like instrumentation, all of these new high-performance computing systems need you test equipment, so that benefits ADI. So I think, in general, it's true to say, maybe with the exception of our wireless business, most sectors are seeing a return to a more normalized bookings pattern.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. On the customer side of things, we've been monitoring very, very carefully across the various segments. Our customer shipment rates, their inventories and their ADI goods on hand. And we're clearly under-shipping our customers' current demands. So we feel that we've got a situation now in terms of our -- we're in a good inventory position on hand. Our customers are beginning, as Mike indicated, to replenish their order books, ADI's goods.  And that gives us the confidence as the book-to-bill approaches unity that we're seeing the worst of the inventory correction. And in the second half, we will get back to a more normalized growth pattern. So as Mike said, there's a very good balance between the direct channel, the distribution channel in terms of the inventory situation, but we're ready for the upsurge.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Will, thanks very much. You're -- unfortunately, the line shopped. I think I got your question about verticalization, competing with our customers potentially. Hopefully, you can hear me, okay, that it's not a two-way line problem here. Will, look, the -- we've been on a journey over many, many years now to continue to build out our core component franchise, but also add more value to our solutions.  Our business has become more solutions-oriented particularly over the last decade in every single segment that we play. And that kind of domain application-driven engineering that ADI has been distinguishing it so at the edge over the last decade, that will continue, and we're continuing to build that. I talked on the -- in the prepared remarks about this point of care, acute health care solution that we've just brought to market where we've got an FDA approval. I think what's happening, Will, in the world is that there are certain places like that where we have a white space to attack. We're building a complete solution that has both hardware and software makes a lot of sense. But the truth is, even in the traditional markets and with the larger customers that we deal with, more and more footprint capture, if you like, has been taking place. Why? Because we tame our customers' complexity.  And I've talked before about the asymmetry and capabilities in the Analog space between the capabilities ADI has got and our customers have got. They expect us actually to add more solution value and build more complete solutions and clearly define where the line is between where their core value is versus where ADI's core values. So I think we're not competing with our customers, but we have very vibrant discussions about where we draw the line of the labor divide, so to speak.
Vincent Roche: Yeah, it's a good question. Well, look, everybody is trying to figure out the meaning of the AI in their businesses. We're using AI today in our tool chains. We're using machine learning and AI in our products, around our products. We're starting to use it in our business. And I think -- I believe that anything that can be -- anything that is routine -- and that can be automated, that's the way of technology. Technology automation will take over the things that are more routine. We play very much at the high end of the performance spectrum. So unless there's generative intelligence that can outperform our imaginations, which I don't see any time in the foreseeable future. We're truly in a realm where the intellectual property value and the learning system that we've got in this company will matter more and more. But yeah, I think we view AI as a tremendous opportunity. As clearly in the product development process from how the products are designed, what we put as ingredients in our products, and we're also, by the way, putting AI into the customer support tool chain. So it is a part. We're embracing it, and we believe that it will be an accelerator and the copilot, if you like, with our engineering population.
Vincent Roche: All right. Thank you, CJ. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on the website. Thanks for joining us, and have a great rest of the day.
