Richard Puccio: Thank you, Vince. And let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Third quarter revenue of $2.31 billion came in above the midpoint of our outlook, finishing up 7% sequentially and down 25% year-over-year. Industrial represented 46% of revenue in the third quarter, finishing up 6% sequentially and down 37% year-over-year. Every major application increased sequentially except for automation, which declined at a much slower pace than it had in previous quarters. Automotive represented 29% of revenue, finishing flat sequentially and down 8% year-over-year. We saw continued double-digit growth year-over-year for our industry-leading connectivity and functionally safe power platforms. Conversely, automotive production cuts are extending inventory digestion across customers, particularly impacting our legacy automotive and electrification businesses. Communications represented 12% of revenue, finishing up 10% sequentially and down 26% year-over-year. Slowing customer inventory digestion enabled both wireless and wireline growth sequentially. And lastly, Consumer represented 14% of revenue, finishing up 29% sequentially and increased year-over-year for the first time since 2022. We saw diversified growth across applications with notable strength in portables and gaming. Now let's move from the top line to the rest of the P&L. Third quarter gross margin was 67.9%, up 120 basis points sequentially, driven by higher revenue, higher utilization and favorable mix. Operating expenses in the quarter were $619 million, up modestly sequentially, driven primarily by higher variable compensation. Operating margin of 41.2% exceeded the high end of our outlook. Nonoperating expenses finished at $70 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 10.8%. The net result was EPS of $1.58, which finished near the high end of our outlook. Our financial position is solid and I'd like to call out a few items from our balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended Q3 with more than $2.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net leverage ratio of 1.2. Inventory decreased $51 million sequentially and days declined to 178 from 192. As planned, we reduced channel inventory further this quarter with weeks ending near the low end of our 7 to 8 week target. Operating cash flow for the quarter and trailing 12-month was $0.9 billion and $4 billion respectively. CapEx for the quarter and trailing 12-month was $154 million and $1 billion respectively. For fiscal ‘24, CapEx is tracking to our $700 million plan, which is down roughly 45% versus 2023 as our hybrid manufacturing investment cycle tapers. Not included in these figures are the anticipated benefits from both the European and U.S. CHIPS Act. During the last 12 months, we generated $2.9 billion of free cash flow or 30% of revenue. Over this same time period, we have returned $2.8 billion via dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our strategy is to return 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn to the fourth quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.4 billion plus or minus $100 million, up 4% sequentially at the midpoint. We expect sell through to be roughly equal to sell in this quarter. At the midpoint on a sequential basis, we expect industrial and consumer to increase, communications to be flattish and automotive to decrease. Operating margin is expected to be 41% plus or minus 100 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 13% and based on these inputs, EPS is expected to be $1.63 plus or minus $0.10. In closing, our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook support our view that we have passed this cycle's trough. However, challenging economic and geopolitical conditions are limiting a faster demand recovery. I will now give it back to Mike for Q&A.
Richard Puccio: So, Joe, this is Rich, and I'll take a crack at that one. So, I'll just level set a little bit from our perspective. And what we're seeing in the market cars continue to become more electric and software-defined, which is also driving our semi-content growth, largely trying to address increased battery densities, more sensors displays. And we do expect that is going to be a long-term tailwind to our business. However, and this is where we're starting to see some of the pullback. The vehicle market has softened in the near-term. We're seeing our customers pull back on their production. And at this point, we're seeing them start to choose to burn off some inventory. So we are seeing that, right? The softness is evidence in our results. Auto has been down year-over-year for two straight quarters and we expect it will be down again in 4Q. And from a bookings perspective, we did see a decline in bookings in auto. In particular, we've seen inventory digestion in our legacy auto and in our BMS portfolios. And we expect that's going to continue into at least the fourth quarter, particularly when you consider the challenging purchasing environment that currently exists for customers. However, to your question around the peak to trough unless our returns to pandemic levels, we don't see the peak to trough being nearly as dramatic as we saw in our other end markets. The underlying secular growth trends that I described driving higher semi content. Also, we've continued to see more penetration and value capture across all vehicle types, whether it's ICE, plug-in hybrid of electric or full electric in the fastest growing applications. If you think about that, ADAS, digital cockpit and electrification. So we will be down, but we don't expect that the cycle depth to be as severe as we saw, for example, in industrial.
Richard Puccio: And then I'll help you out a little bit on the seasonality question. It's been a few years now since we've seen seasonal trends in our business. You're right. If you look back over the past 10, 15 years for ADI, consumers down 10%-plus sequentially in 1Q, and the BV markets of industrial, auto, and comms are down low single digits, as Vince said, there's probably no belief today that we'd be any better than seasonal given where we are today, but we'll update you in 90 days of how we feel about 1Q.
Richard Puccio: Yes, so from a bookings perspective up until Q2, as we talked about, we'd seen three straight quarters of broad-based bookings improvement. However, Q3 was different. We saw continued bookings growth for industrial, consumer, and communications, but we did see automotive orders decline, which resulted in a modest drop in our total bookings during the quarter. We did still end with a book to bill around parity. If I look at it from a geographic perspective, regionally bookings were the weakest in Europe. Americas was modestly weaker, which offset bookings growth in Asia.
Richard Puccio: So, as I noted in the last call, we said both utilization and, in fact, gross margins had bottomed in Q2, and that is proving to be true. From an inventory in the channel perspective, the expectation is we will ship to end demand. We are currently at the very low end of our range in the channel at seven to eight weeks. And I think we've mentioned previously if we saw continued improvements, we would start shipping to end demand. So we will do that in the fourth quarter.
Richard Puccio: We have to be -- given our look at the utilization towards as we give the rate, I would say there were lower last score to move in higher here in 3Q and 4Q, and there were well off the normal level, they're all called 85% to 90% utilization.
Richard Puccio: And then I'll give you some context -- I'll give you some little context. What does this mean as utilization ramp? What does that mean for gross margins? If you look at the decline of gross margins over the past year or so, about half the decline relates to utilization, the other half relates to mix. So you can see as you listen, pick up what that means for gross margin expansion.
Richard Puccio: So Stacy, I'll take that one. So obviously we exceeded the high end of our outlook in the third quarter, given the beat on gross margin and revenue as well as our continued cost management. Our Q4 guide obviously does imply a modest margin contraction sequentially despite our expectation for higher revenue and gross margin. The main driver of that is our increase for merit increases that will go into effect during the fourth quarter. So that will be a downward pressure as we head into the fourth quarter.
Richard Puccio: Dan, I'll grab that, and then Vince, talk about the overall customer inventory. Yes, I think every market spawned in different cases of inventory digestion. We feel good about industrial consumer comms have really normalized inventory levels. There are pockets on the auto side that's still, I'll call it digesting. I mean, production levels have been cut over the past quarter, whether it's an ICE car or an EV car. That impact inventory levels and desire to hold inventory on their balance sheets. From that standpoint, Chris, I don't know, Vince, if you have anything to add.
Richard Puccio: Hey, Chris, it's Rich. I would say visibility is pretty consistent. And as we talked about, we're seeing continuing growth sequentially across all of the sub-elements of industrial with the exception of automation, which we are seeing improvements, but not yet seeing growth.
Richard Puccio: Yes. I'd say it's, as we previously mentioned, it is significantly impacted by the favorable mix. Obviously, we get a benefit out of the revenue upside. From a pricing perspective, and I've talked about this before, we continue to see pretty stable pricing, and I do expect that to continue. Obviously, it's different by geography and for big and small customers, but on balance, we are continuing to see stable pricing, and I expect we will see that going forward.
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Tore. Well, I'd say first and foremost, we run this company on POS signals. That's how we plan our production, how we run the company operationally. So, we pay very, very close attention to what's happening in terms of the end market demand. And my confidence has increased since last quarter that indeed 2Q was the cyclical bottom. We've exited 3Q with very, very lean channel inventory. We've taken inventory of our own balance sheet though. We're positioned with a very, very healthy backlog of inventory on our own balance sheet so that the anticipated demand upsurge as we expect in 2025 were very, very well equipped and ready to meet that. So foray in the fourth quarter, as we've said, we expect to see continued sequential growth. And indeed, we'll also see, I think, particularly in the industrial area, continued improvement on customer inventory levels. So, look, it's all the whole recovery, the ramp of the recovery will depend on the macro situation. But nonetheless, given the design wins, we've a record design win pipeline in the company. So we're facing many, many secular tailwinds with a very strong pipeline, a very, very good supply line, and with a very, very lean inventory on the customer's balance sheet. So that gives me the optimism, Tore, that we're very, very well positioned coming into the new year.
Vincent Roche: No, I'll say overall, it's pretty unanimous across all markets. I'd say China, all of us did okay. We talked about some design and branding there, so that's helping offset some of the softness. But it's an overall comment, auto is a bit weaker today than it was 90 days ago, whether it's North America, Europe or Asia.
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, at this point it's hard to call, given that the environment is still a little, let's say, a bit of disequilibrium, but I think generally speaking, we would probably expect to see a bit of a seasonal decline in the first quarter, and then a bounce back in the second, and I think that's the sentiment, but overall I maintain my outlook that we will see a brisk growth year in ‘25.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the big modulator for us will be what happens in industry in particular, and what I can tell you is that the various C-suite conversations I've had with our industrial customers would suggest that their optimism is also strong for ‘25.
Vincent Roche: I'll start out on the street expectations and then Rich talk a little about bookings. We never guided 1Q. I think the street makes up -- the street expectation for 1Q. I think the street is of everyone better than seasonal for a calendar 4Q or a fiscal 1Q. I would hope of a snapback. I would say, yes, there are things that have changed in 90 days, but we're optimistic about ‘25 and full year. We just don't know if it's above seasonal in that outlook for a good year in ‘25. I'll pass it to Rich to go through some of the bookings dynamics.
Vincent Roche: Obviously, when it comes to the balance, we have a hybrid manufacturing system which enables us to keep utilization rates as high as possible internally, and when our factories run out of capacity, then we have lots of choices externally for silicon capacity. So obviously, we've got a lot of inventory on the balance sheet, and our factories are well capable of improving utilization rates as the demand continues to improve over the coming quarters.
Vincent Roche: Sure, Stacy, I'll grab that one. Yes, so let's start with consumer. You're right, consumer's up about double digits, about 10% or so embedded in our outlook. Industrial's had another also solid growth quarter, probably high single digits sequentially. We had cases about flattish plus minus, depending on kind of how things go here, and although the weak market as we discussed and hit a little bit earlier on the call, probably down low single digits sequentially.
Vincent Roche: I mean, the big margin on our OpEx, Stacey, is obviously the bonus. And that obviously with declining profit and revenue over the past several quarters, that dropped accordingly. Now, with increase, with growth in revenue and improvement in profitability that will obviously increase. But that's self-funding, so to speak.
Vincent Roche: I think, Chris, overall, we've seen the worst is behind us, I think, in the industrial consumer and comms market. But automotive, I think, is a sector where we will see some inventory digestion issues into at least the early part of 2025.
Vincent Roche: Yes, we continue to see strong performance from a bookings perspective in China. We did see double digit growth across industrial, auto and comms being slightly offset by a decrease in consumer. So China does continue to perform well. And our design win and our pipeline there are very strong.
Vincent Roche: Once our products are installed in a particular customer's design, they tend to, in the industrial business, they will stay for decades, and pricing is very, very stable there. Where the pricing, or the competitiveness, is for new sockets, new wins, but nothing is new there. Now, we as a company -- we play in the high end of the game in terms of innovation, service, support, and so on and so forth. So that's the game we play. In the game we will continue to play. We significantly higher ASPs than most. And those ASPs increase with each new generation of product. So I think overall, as Rich said, the pricing environment is stable. And so I don't see that as a headwind on margin.
