Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tunç. That's the end of our prepared remarks. We would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Venk Nathamuni: Great. Thank you, all, for those questions and thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your continued interest in Maxim.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, sure. So let me just repeat. Our mid end strategy is really to take all the great products and technology that we developed for high end and really use that to leverage to make products that are specific to midrange smartphones. Obviously, those smartphones have fewer features and we have to adjust our products to fit into that well. Particularly for China, there are a couple of -- 2 or 3 customers there that are the leading phone makers. And the strategy is to do the same for them. In other words, same product that we've developed for the market in general and really make them so that they fit the requirement for those specific customers in China. So in general, we do model where we really leveraged the IP that we had developed for the high end and really customize it for the midrange phones. And that works well both in China, as well as our other customers when they make phones for the midrange.
Tunc Doluca: Actually, I think the short answer is going to be no. I mean, we have -- obviously, we're trying to grow our business in all of the segments we're investing in. We've got confidence in our strategy that I articulated in my prepared talk, basically going both in the vertical markets as well as in the horizontal markets. And we've got great traction and you can see the results that we achieved in the last quarter. And we expect to really -- we add a lot of value to the customers, that's what they're telling us, basically, and we're going to continue to do that. We're really trying to pin down our numbers and what the share is. That's not something that we should talk about at this point.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think those 2 are always linked. If you -- usually, an inventory correction is the result of demand not being as high as you project it. So that's essentially what we believe what's happened here. Customers -- all our customers, when they're going to the market with a new product, they have estimates of how much they're going to sell and they pretty much drive the supply chain to deliver to those estimates. And if those estimates don't occur, you get an inventory build up. And when that happens, pretty much our customers will take their suppliers and tell them to turn down shipments to them. So the 2 are really very coupled, you can't really separate them and we've seen this for years in many other cases as well. So this was one of those cases.
Tunc Doluca: Sure, I love to do that. So in terms of our product development, you probably remember, we started this with the SensorDynamics acquisition. It's been a couple of years, I believe, now. We're pretty much where we expect it to be in terms of our development. We have successfully brought up the MEMS technology internally. We developed our first three-degrees of freedom product and introduced those pretty much at the end of calendar 2013, and we're already shipping -- calendar '12, sorry, not '13. We're already shipping those products. And we are well on our way on our first six-degree of freedom product, the performance differentiation that is confirmed by a few customers, which is great. Usually, people who follow was asking about what's the revenue going to look like. It's too early to talk about that. But in any case, revenue won't show up until possibly in 2014, calendar year 2014. So we're very pleased with the progress we've made so far. But obviously, there's still a lot of hurdles to clear.
Tunc Doluca: Well, frankly, in previous calls as well, we've articulated pretty well, I think, what we're trying to do. It's -- so that's not -- I want to make sure that nobody thinks that this is -- I mean, what we say now is the need for torque reaction. For over a year, we've actually been working to try to do 3 things. Number one is to get more technologies into our largest customers' phones. We've been successful at doing that. Number two, we've been trying to get into more platforms in general, other than smartphones, get into midrange, which Bruce talked about a little bit, get into tablets and phablets and readers so on. And number three, we've also been going at other customers, and we actually frankly are successfully winning many sockets and other customers as well, but their volumes are not high enough to really compensate for any big fluctuations we have in our major customer. So we have been executing on a plan to diversify the customer base. It will somewhat depend on what -- how successful those end customers are. And I think that because of this three-pronged strategy that I mentioned, as I stated in my prepared talk, we think that we will return to growth again in calendar year 2014. So yes, we have been actively trying to diversify the customer base and with some success. But as I said, it depends heavily on how successful that customer is in the end market.
Tunc Doluca: Well, when we look at where the growth came from, it basically came from both segments. It came from our broad-based products, as well as coming from our vertical market products. Frankly, if we compare the 2, I'd say that it was stronger on the vertical market side. However, we really have not had time to digest yet what our competitors have said in terms of the exact numbers from all of them. But in our case, we do know that most of the growth came from the vertical segment. So that might be a difference between us and some of the other competitors we have.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, that was definitely a multipart question. So in terms of the correction, basically, most of the corrections for, especially the last quarter, the Q1, the September quarter, really, as Bruce and I stated, is coming from S4. I mean, there was a pretty good ramp up of S4 shipments in the June quarter from us. And that was ahead of what the real uptick was from consumers. So a lot of that was coming from that. And then the other average was the inventory correction was really from the S III and Note II in the quarter that ended in June. So the sum of those 2 is the number you were referring to, about, I think you said $90 million or so was your estimate. So yes, I mean, the correction that we saw was that large. Now your second part of your question was well, when does it come back or resume growth, very difficult for us to predict that. And we, frankly, in June, we were quite surprised about how big a correction that we were seeing from our customer. And I think it's made frankly both myself and Bruce very gun shy in trying to predict what you ask, which is, you're asking what's the bottom and we certainly don't have enough information to be able to predict that, frankly.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So basically, going from the March quarter to June quarter, S4 was definitely up, that's when they were ramping. And then basically, our customer realized that they were building too many, too much inventory. And basically, they reduced their consumption rates for the September quarter. So big up and then down in the next -- in the September quarter.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, so I'll take that one. Usually, we prefer not to break down the subsegment as a percentage of our revenues and only really give it at the higher 4 major market levels. But in general, if I do talk about the strength in these markets in terms of growth, I'd say that all 3 of them had -- all 3 you mentioned, automotive, medical and utility meters markets, they were definitely all up double digits in the prior quarter. And looking forward, basically, they'll kind of get up to the stepped up level that we predicted. They're going to probably remain at those levels in this quarter. So we're really happy to seize it. All of these were up double digits and they're remaining there, which is maybe the better...
Tunc Doluca: Yes, so this is Tunç, I'll take that one. So in any market, and it's no different in Mobility where we can make the types of products where we're first to market and we have very attractive specifications and features on our products. We're really not seeing tremendous amount of ASP pressure. There always is on products, but it's really not -- I would not call it an abnormal pressure on our products. And our -- we always try to make sure that we're first to market and we showed it in many examples that we've come up with, especially in Mobility, but in other markets as well. So there really is no change in that structure.
Tunc Doluca: So on your first question, was about are we selling through a hub, are you -- meaning like a VMI hub or...
Tunc Doluca: There is -- the shipments is direct, so there is no hub. There is, on one of the products, we shipped to a margin [ph] maker for Samsung, but that's a little different. But in general, there's no VMI hub that's being used. And I'm going to have to ask you to repeat your second question.
Tunc Doluca: So in terms of the phablets or the larger display size, we feel good that's going to be closer term type revenue for us. In terms of what comes after the Galaxy S4, we're well positioned there. It's obviously -- all the decisions are not made. But we've got the right products. We -- with our customer is very interested in. And we've shown those products and all the different technologies that I talked about for power, for various sensors products. We've shown these to our customers and they're very interested in those. But those final decisions get made later, so there's no certainty yet.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So in terms of our second-generation sensor and follow-on, I think we're in a good position on those. In terms of the motion sensors and so on, it was apps, previously, where progress was. Well, we've got some products and we've shown it to multiple customers, our top customer being one of them. So they are interested in these parts. But as I've said, the final decisions won't be made yet. In terms of the power management IC, I think we're in good position in terms of the interface, power management IC. We're not quite sure about the apps, applications processor PMIC. But I think that dynamic there is probably likely not the change next year in terms of where we are today.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Actually, for competitive reasons, we really prefer not to give any indication of what the -- how much of the revenue comes from power, how much of the revenue comes from our sensor products. And the reason is really simple. Since we do have concentration, essentially, any kind of breakdown we give is too indicative of what our average selling prices are. So I'd say that it's still -- without giving any numbers, I'd still say that it's dominated more by power than by sensors today. And that will be the way it is for next year as well.
Tunc Doluca: We're not really seeing any major -- if you look at the ASP as a whole company, we're not really seeing major shifts in that. But I think I've said in the past that ASPs are not really a very good indication for our business, it might be for other companies. Because we -- the standard deviation of our selling price is just so high that trying to make that in metrics that we follow, it just doesn't work for us. I mean, so tens of millions of things that are less than $0.20 and then we still have ASPs that are more than $50, but there are not so many of them. So we really -- we're focused on making sure that we have competitive winning products and the price really takes care of itself. It's -- so therefore, it's not something that we've focused on a lot. As long as we can get the returns on investments that we want to get, then we go with it. But I think, in general, we really have not seen some big change or shift or high price pressures in the markets that we're participating.
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's a combination of a lot of things. I mean, there is content. Obviously, it's less than the content in a high-end smartphone. But there is content there that is available to us. We also have new technologies that are -- that we hope to be able to bring in line next year. An example was the motion sensing products. And as I said when someone else asked, we're also working with other customers as well to bring more revenue in. So the reason that we're optimistic about calendar year 2014 is because of all of these, because exposure to more customers, introducing newer technologies, and also expanding our footprint into more platforms, including midrange phones.
Tunc Doluca: Well, it relies on both. And I'm trying to predict which one is going to be larger than the other. It's going to be really tough because we don't know end consumer use of any particular product that's made. But our strategy is to do both of those things, and I think that they -- both of those will contribute to growth next year.
Tunc Doluca: Well, in my discussions with the executive that runs the Mobility business for us, Chae, the -- in my discussions, that company doesn't really show up that much in our conversation. So we must be in pretty different phone platforms with each other, so we're not seeing it, again, in the market, is all I can say right now. So we don't really have enough information or interaction to be able to answer that question very well.
Tunc Doluca: So I'll take that question. So in terms of the reductions that we saw in revenue, the -- obviously, a vast majority of that is because it's unit driven. It is true that our content is slightly less on the S4 than it is on the S III, but the amount of reduction that you've seen is completely dominated by the number of units or the number of phones that are being sold rather than the dollar content, slight dollar content reduction from the S III to the S4.
Tunc Doluca: Well, the answer is absolutely yes. We've got -- when we talk about -- for instance, let's take them one at a time. In Industrial, we said half of the business is ASSPs and vertical markets, the other half is going through the horizontal markets. I mean, in pretty much all of those vertical markets, like utility meters and the medical products, in all of those Industrial segments, we have a high integration plan where we provide a lot of functionality on a single chip and it's very compelling to those customers, so -- in Automotive as well, that's another area. Our transceivers, some of our products were Keyless Go, they're all high-integration parts. Very similar in Communications. We're using the same philosophies. How can we take a customer's problem and give a complete solution to them, whether it's in a single highly integrated chip or maybe even multiple highly integrated chips. Do the same thing in Communications, again, in small cell base station products. Our transceivers for that, products for optical communications are very high integration, almost single-chip solutions for an entire module. So clearly, we've really taken this from being a handset strategy to being a strategy in every one of our markets over the past 3 or 4 years. So the strategy that we believe will work because what -- that's what the customers are asking for.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. I think I'd rather not quantify what it is. The competitors that we're faced with in terms of that, they're really not that much different than the midrange. The competitors are very different in the low end, but that's not where we're playing, so that's really not relevant. But it's really the same set of types of competitors. And there's a new group in the midrange that I think most of you know about. I mean, especially in the midrange, they don't sometimes need all of the functions that we provide. So sometimes, they would break up the solution and use discrete functions. And in that case, obviously, there are some competitors that come in. But whenever we're providing a sensor technology and so on, there's -- it's the same competitors that we see in the high end. When you go just the power-type solutions, you do run into more competitors that are providers of discrete solutions. So in those cases, we look for customers and applications that value our integration and go after those. So that's our strategy there.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I mean, I think it goes without saying, this is Bruce, that we're obviously happy with the results in the fourth quarter, where Industrial went from 25% to 29%. And obviously, we've talked about continued strength in that market. And as we continue our strategy around the diversified business model, we'll continue to grow our Industrial business. But as Tunç said, as well as -- we're going to continue to focus on all of our invest markets.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Romit, this is Bruce. So we said it's going to be less than 20%. I wouldn't expect it to be significantly less than 20%, so -- I think, from that point of view. And then as far as the percent of sales, certainly, in the -- in our third quarter, when Samsung was 33% of revenue, we had strong S III, Note II and we had the S4 ramping. And then when we got into the fourth quarter, we saw the S III and the Note II fall off rather significantly, as Tunç said, due to lower demand and/or inventory that built up in the prior quarter. As we actually look at the first quarter, obviously, the S III and the Note II stayed and continued to decline, whereas the S4 is actually going to decline as well due to the kind of the channel fill in the fourth quarter and the lower demand resulting in that inventory correction for the S4 in Q1. I mean, overall, those are still the majority of our business. We do sell into the midrange for Samsung. Some of their products, the Galaxy Mini, the camera phone, those type of devices, but that's probably 10% to 20% of revenue right now.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. As you know, Romit, we use a matrix approach, which -- obviously, if the stock goes down, we buy more. We're very confident in our long-term strategy and long-term financial model. So to the extent that there is some near-term weakness in the stock, I think you will see us participate in the market and use that opportunity to get our stock at what we think is a good value. So yes, I think you will -- it's always based on market conditions. But certainly, with the new authorization from the board and from the $500 million in debt that we took down in March, I think we're very well positioned to take advantage of any market weakness.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: This is Bruce. I think as we've talked before, we're obviously big believers in the idea around integration and we've obviously had seen that advantage in the consumer business. But we talked about how we've also been very successful with integration in our Industrial business and Communication business. I mean, if you look at Industrial, it's really in those vertical markets where you're providing those system solutions to customers. And so as Tunç said, that's probably -- we saw a good growth in both our Industrial -- I mean, both our vertical and core businesses. But I think it was the vertical that showed higher growth, and I think part of that is due to our integration and system strategy.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And just sort of clarification. What we had said in our guidance was that Mobility was going to be flat. We always assumed that S4 would be up. It was up less than we thought because they did pull some of that in as you stated correctly. But we thought -- we felt -- thought S4 would be up, S III, Note II would be down. What we did not anticipate and what caused us to miss the midpoint was that the -- there was less demand or over inventory for the S III and the Note II, and so that rocked off much faster than we have anticipated. The S4 was down slightly from our estimates. It was down a little bit. But in general, they still kind of filled -- took their initial shipments because of that and because of the lower demand that I think is kind of well understood out there in the industry now. That's what's causing the inventory correction in the first quarter.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. As far as the December quarter, that's the one that's probably tricky to understand. That's the quarter we know Samsung normally does their inventory corrections. Obviously, there's a lot of inventory correction happening now with the S4 ramps. As well, you're going to have the -- potentially, a next-generation hybrid will ramp during the quarter as well. So I think it's hard to say what's going to happen in the December quarter and as Tunç said, we got burned once, so we're going to be careful on that. As far as whether we think we've hit the bottom this quarter, there is no guarantee of that, right? It is dependent on how well the S4 continues to sell. Clearly, we've been, I would say, very careful. I think we're always careful, but -- continue to be careful this quarter in trying to estimate what we think it's going to expect and to take into account the various risks out there in the marketplace. But as the June quarter shows, there's no guarantee.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. So I think inventory, we were 110 days. Our target is around 100 days. Certainly, long term, we'll get back down to that. When that happens exactly will really depend on how we work through these various product transitions from that point of view. So it's certainly within probably a couple of quarters, we would expect to start moving back down. It's hard to predict that exactly for the first quarter. As far as utilizations go in the factories and impact on gross margin, you've seen we've done a pretty good job continuing to manage our gross margin with that -- with about 50% of our manufacturing still outsourced. And I think most people understand a majority of that outsource is for the Mobility products where we're having a lot of that volatility from a revenue estimate point of view. So I think, we do expect as revenue grows in -- throughout the next 12 months, I think utilizations will go back up. And gross margin today, we guided 60% to 63%, that's just a point off of our 61% to 64% range. So I think we still feel comfortable that gross margin is going to stay solidly above 60% and ultimately get probably within the range where we've been operating for the last couple of years.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And Evan, we've said before, if we look at our Industrial, which was 29% of revenue, it's about 50-50 between the vertical markets and core Industrial.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. The point-of-sale overall was up slightly. So we did see some growth there in that market, but we also did see -- obviously, from a rev rec point of view, we saw on a -- we recognized [indiscernible] on a selling basis on international. So that restocking did provide some help as well.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. It's -- right now, it's been about -- and it's been pretty steady at about 30%. I think, when we had Industrial weakness kind of in the back half of last year, it gets down to maybe 28% or so. In this quarter, I think it went up to 31% with the growth in Industrial, so -- but it's been pretty constant around that range of 30%. And I think, from our point of view, our target was probably 30% plus. We thought maybe we could get a little bit over 30%. But to be candid, right, from our balanced business, right, our other businesses have done very well as well, and so that's kind of held that kind of percent of revenue down a little bit. So I think overall, I think we're still very pleased with our Distribution business. We're pleased with the relationship with ABnet, with the kind of the demand creation and the number of customers and converting that to POS revenue. And so overall, I think we're happy and it continues to be an important part of our go-to-market strategy.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So we don't disclose that exactly. I think most people know we usually model around $5 million a quarter. It was certainly materially above that this quarter. So it probably costs us a point, especially when you compare it to the prior quarter which was actually below our modeling assumptions. So quarter-over-quarter, that probably cost us about a point. As far as going forward, it's really dependent on -- once that charge gets taken, that inventory gets written down, it doesn't get written back up until that product ships. So going forward, it's really about what's the demand looking like on the products that are -- the good products that are still in inventory. And to the extent that business, our Industrial business and overall business continues to be well, there shouldn't be any significant increase, but that's always difficult to predict. So obviously, this quarter's inventory reserve was, as you would expect, more about the inventory correction in our Mobility business.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, this is Bruce. I think those phones were in line. And when we look at the new phones that we're in, say like the S4, many -- I mean, those are still relatively smaller volumes. So I don't think that was the -- a major part. It was really the legacy S III, Note II coming down off of strong shipments in Q3.
