Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let’s go to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants in the call this morning. If you have follow-up question, please requeue. I’ll take your question if time allows. With that our first question, please.
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. And Chris to your question, where was it beginning the quarter. If you look at that metrics under 13 weeks, beginning of the quarter was probably about 25% of the portfolio. So we doubled that number and Prashanth laid out, we want to get it close to a 100% exiting this year. And I know Vince is pushing hard to get even sooner than that. I think the biggest takeaway at lead times is the short lead times, the more high quality the bookings are. I think that’s what we want to see is the true underlying of what demand is as those lead times continue to come in and why does it take so long while demand is strong, right? Demand is strong, it’s harder to reduce lead times in a strong demand environment.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy, for that three part question. You use your question for next quarter, so we’re not going to – have the call next quarter. Next question, please.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you Harlan, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning. Two quick ones before I let you guys go. Our next earnings call will be held a week later than normal, as Vince was asked to give a keynote at IMAX Technology World Forum. So do not panic when we see your announcement. The earning is not two and a half weeks after closed, but three and a half weeks. Second, we’re planning to restart our ADI on coverage series where we do a deep dive into a market in the coming months. The first one will be on some of the topics we hit on today, automation, energy efficiency, sustainability, electrification. So stay tuned for those. And with that, thanks again for joining us and interest in Analog Devices.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, C.J. So, I think first and foremost, our success isn’t by dent of chance. We’ve been investing heavily in this market for more than a decade, and it’s really our focus. It’s our core, it’s the core of ADI and from both an R&D and customer engagement perspective, we’ve been really doubling down here over this decade plus kind of time span. And we’ve been gaining market share for sure. We have – compared to even kind of three years, four years ago, we have – we’ve always had a very strong position in the signal chain, the kind of data path processing electronics, but we’ve been able to, with the acquisitions of LTC and Maxim, we’ve been able to bring very strong competitive power portfolio to bear as well. So, I think from a portfolio perspective, we’re in much better shape. I pointed out in the script as well that when we talk about industrial, it’s truly the industrial sector. I know many competitors talk about other kind of indescribable sectors or businesses that are not well understood, like consumer, for example, other consumers. So, I want to point that out as well. We have, as I said, many secular growth drivers in play. We see the average content per dollar of CapEx spend increased at a pretty meaningful level across all the applications, including instrumentation, factory automation is changing also. It’s bringing more sensing, more compute to the edge and all of that is driving content gain for ADI. So, I think they are the primary drivers of the business. And yes, PMIs are, I would say, in the kind of retraction zone right now, but we see stabilization. And I think when China comes back as well, which is likely to happen, we believe, over the coming months, that will drive things even further into a positive zone.
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, Prashant, we’ve clearly built a lot of resiliency into the way we run the company into the business model as well as the manufacturing operations. So, who knows what the second half is going to bring. But what I can tell you is that – we’ve been through many, many cycles before and never have we been better positioned in our history than we are now from a portfolio, from a customer engagement standpoint. So – this industry is likely – it’s taken us kind of 20 years to double from kind of 2000 to 2020, we’ve probably doubled the content that the industry builds over the next 10 years. And I believe ADI is very, very well positioned given the strength, as I said, of our portfolio, our customer engagements, and this hybrid manufacturing model that we’ve got in place to enable us to capture the upside and manage the downside.
Vincent Roche: Yes. When we announced the combination, Tore, with Maxim, we pointed out two particular market areas where we thought ADI was underweight, where power in particular, power management was really important, power in data center, for example. And as the compute density skyrocket, and in fact in the compute area, performance and power are pretty much one and the same thing. So we have now a very competitive power portfolio that we can bring to more application specific areas such as data center as well as automotive. The – I think a very positive surprise is that the connectivity portfolio based on GMSL, the multi gig serial link is that not only are we gaining more and more traction in automotive, but also we’re bringing it to other areas such as industrial, as Prashanth mentioned. BMS, we’ve got 16 of the top 20 wired BMS OEMs sockets in the top 20 OEMs. And Maxim strengthens that portfolio as well. So in industrial, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that the I/O link technology is very, very, that Maxim brings to bear is very, very complementary with ADI’s data path solutions. So I think there are multiple areas and I think the message I want to convey here is that I was always optimistic about what we could do with a greater channel, more cross connectivity to the ADI portfolio. But I’m more enthusiastic than ever based on what I’m actually observing now with the various markets and customers in which we’re playing.
Vincent Roche: Yes. One other thing we’re pointing out, Stacy, is that we run – our demand signals are sell through. We run our factories on the basis of POS demand rather than sell in or POA demand. So it gives us more integrity around the demand signal.
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Ambrish. Well, I think, as I pointed out in the prepared remarks, we are seeing more, for example, in the industrial space, more content per dollar of CapEx invested by our customers. And that trend has been in play for several years now. That coupled with ADI’s portfolio strength, the breadth we have the, as I mentioned, the data path, which has been ADI core, ADI traditional strength, adding LTC and Maxim Power portfolios. That gives us the opportunity to tap into more of the TAM, so to speak. Half of the analog market, TAM is kind of data path. The other half is power. So we’ve now got the, the highest performance portfolio in the industry, the greatest breadth and depth. And, when you see what’s happening there with healthcare, our digital healthcare business, which is getting on for, kind of a $1 billion over the next year, year and a half aerospace and defense, coupled with automation and instrumentation that we’ve talked about in the prepared remarks. We’re very, very bullish about our ability to drive growth in the market. The other thing I want to point out is that we focus on driving our revenue growth through high quality innovation for which we get paid. We get three times the ASPs of the analog market at large, and we get more than that, compared to our biggest competitor. So I want to make the point that we focus on shipping value versus volume. So I think with the sector growth drivers, the way we’ve structured our business model, our focus on high performance and being able to capture more value with all the things we talked about over the course of the call here, I’m focused on what we can do as a company and I believe we’re better positioned than ever.
Vincent Roche: Yes, I just want to add one final comment to this, just want to add one final comment Ambrish, to this part of the conversation, I’ve had innumerable conversations with CEOs across the globe over the last three years in particular, it’s certainly intensified with the crunch on supply. But I got two consistent questions from them. Irrespective of what sector they’re in, how can we get closer to ADI’s longer term technology roadmap, and also how do we bond together more tightly when it comes to understanding supply chain and collaborating more together across those two dimensions. So that’s the sentiment and I think given the way we’ve conducted ourselves over the last the last three years we’ve, we’re better positioned. Our brand is has been augmented and strengthened over the last several years. So yes, I think we’ve got a lot of strong logic as to why the market will strengthen and why ADI will be better positioned than ever to capture the opportunity.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: C.J., this is Prashanth. I’ll just put one more thing just to help folks understand kind of the breadth of that growth. All of our submarkets were up double digits year-over-year, and most of them increased quarter-over-quarter. And if you look at it by geography, we had strength in America, Europe and Japan, again, all up double digits year-over-year, offsetting a weaker China. So this industrial strength was very broad-based.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Yes. So Vivek, let me maybe take a walk through cancellations, backlog lead times to help answer that. But I do want to clarify, you said on book-to-bill. Our book-to-bill is sub one. I thought I heard you say it was one. Our book-to-bill is sub one. We told you that was happening a couple of months ago, and I’d expect to carry for another quarter or two as we get through this backlog. So on the backlog, we’ve been saying for a while now that we’ve got record backlog, and we are working with our customers and our disti partners to get this rationalized with what customers need today versus perhaps the orders they had placed on us six months or nine months ago when we had very long lead time. This progress is what is being reflected in that book-to-bill ratio below one. I think that it will probably be below parity for another quarter or two as we get back to normal backlog. Lead times, the supply-demand imbalance is definitely getting better, slowly, but it’s getting better. We’re getting more wafers externally, thanks to the hybrid model. We have the flexibility to do that as well as the investments we’re making internally as we’ve talked about with our CapEx deployment to increase production. So, we have about 50% of the portfolio under 13 weeks today, meaning it can ship within the quarter, and that’s going to continue to improve over the – through the second half. So takeaway sort of given lead times falling, bookings getting higher quality compared to year ago as customers aren’t ordering for stuff way into the future. And at the place backlog, and we feel this is positive for visibility, and we’re really getting to true demand.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Chris let me – Michael have to remind me where we were three months ago. But the – so the supply demand balance is getting better. And we’re getting that – we’re getting more wafers, so – in addition to our internal production. The way to think about the lead times is we’ve got half the portfolio shipping within the quarter. And certainly in the next quarter or two, we will have the overwhelming majority of that down to within one quarter. The inventory build as I mentioned, is in part due to our desire to kind of keep more inventory on ADI’s books because we are clearly in a period of great uncertainty and we’re being very mindful of putting too much to our channel partners when there’s this much uncertainty out there. So that will – as lead times improve, our channel partners can count on us to get what they need in quick terms, and then we’ll be able to more reliably think about what’s the right stocking level for the channel.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, so Stacy, I think perhaps the missing elements of your – of how you’re thinking about it is the assumption that that backlog is delinquent. It is not. The – when the lead times get extended, customers put the orders on us, but they also tell us when they want that product delivered. So there’s a visibility curve to that backlog. It is not that it is all past due and needs to be shipped against.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, let’s go back to the – if we get to – if we return to what was normal for us pre COVID, let’s say that’s the best perspective we can give you. If we return to what does normal look like then at the start of a 13-week quarter, we would have about 10 weeks of that quarter in backlog. And then there would still be some incremental backlog out there for future quarters, but it would be meaningfully smaller because customers know that they can put that order on us in essentially less than a quarter’s notice. So that’s what normal looks like. Now, given the supply, demand challenges and the increasing importance of Analog’s products to our customers, we may benefit from some greater visibility in the future, but I don’t want to call that today.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: No, I would – I’m not sure how you would conclude that. We are – we have the – we have demand from our customers in that backlog that tells us. I want this product in Q1, I want this product in Q2, this product in Q3, and that is what we are matching up for. But it gives us a visibility that we have historically not had at this level. That is why they are not as incentive to put new orders on us, is because they’ve given us those orders, hence book to bill below one.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Ambrish, Prashanth, maybe just a just two things to add. First our long-term growth model is built on all of our segments. So industrial certainly is an important, very, very important part of it. But we look for all of our operating segments to be able to contribute to that. We’ve had two consecutive record years with greater than 20% growth. And with the numbers that we’ve shared today, we’re off to a strong start for 2023. Our 7% to 10% CAGR outlook, which we revealed, unveiled last April, already reflected a faster growth versus sort of the historical mid-single digit rate. And as we said in the prepared remarks, as well as in addressing, I think it was Tore’s question we have a, we have meaningful delta with the revenue synergies from Maxim, which is really idiosyncratic to the ADI story.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Harlan. Yes. So if we look at our outperformance versus SAR, it comes down to a couple items. First, as you mentioned, there’s a mix of premium cars, so higher content per vehicle and EV growth is accelerating. And our content is 3x as high on an EV versus a traditional ICE car. We’ve spoken at length that we’ve got real key content adders, our BMS product, our GMSL and our A2B are adopted and they’re really taking meaningful market share across all of our customer base there. And I think because of the performance that we bring to our customers, we’re able to capture value better than perhaps some others. So with those three working, we’re, we still feel pretty good that that we’re going to continue to have a, 2x to 3x multiplier on SAR. So I don’t want to make a prediction as to what SAR is. So you’ve got a, I think IHS has a mid-single digit number, a lower mid-single digit number out there. But we’re for the year, I expect us to kind of be 2x to 3x wherever that lands.
