Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's get to our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please re-queue and we will take your questions if time allows. With that, to our first question, please.
Mike Lucarelli: I'll add one thing, John. You're right. As you've seen in our prepared comments, all the markets did increase double-digits year-over-year. Of our 6 applications that Vince outlined, 2 are still below pre-peak levels. We do think Fiscal '21 marks a record for all of them and we don't see why they won't hit another record in '22 given the strong trends that Vince outlined. And with that, we'll go to our next question.
Mike Lucarelli: Yeah, sure. I guess if you look back, you're right. We talk about seasonality not being as meaningful now, but just give you a bit of a history lesson. If you look past over the past 10 years, you're right, our B2B markets, I would say in good times, which I would call now good times, it's usually flatted down slightly in 1Q and consumer, I will say in good and even normal times it down 5% or maybe more in 1Q. And with that, I want to thank everyone for joining the call this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. And all reconciliations and additional information can also be found in the Quarterly Results section. Thanks again for joining and your continued interest in ADI.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Vivek. So demand continues to grow across our markets. All end markets are up and our book-to-bill was above 1.2. Supply is also expanding. We grew 4% sequentially in the third quarter, and we're at the midpoint, we're going to be up another 3% for the fourth quarter. So you look at that math and it says the supply-demand gap is growing or said another way, the backlog is increasing quarter-over-quarter and it now extends well into 2022. Our view is this gap is likely to persist into calendar year '22 given the long lead time it takes to add supply in the industry plus just the broad strength of the demand.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Stacy. So I would say that for the results that we printed, pricing is net-neutral. We're passing on cost increase so that we're not impacting margins, but we've made a decision not to take advantage of our customers by structurally increasing pricing in this environment. Our long-term model is unchanged and that is 70% plus. So the goal really is to drive the revenue growth and make the trade-offs that are necessary to drive that revenue growth. Focusing on delivering on the top margin and the free cash flow. So you'll see, if you back out the IP license impact, we had a 71.2% gross margin in the third quarter. And while we don't guide to gross margins, if you impute it from the guide that we gave you, the fourth quarter is going to probably be a record for ADI in terms of gross margins.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Thanks. We're going to split that into 2. Let me just quickly talk about what happened and then I'll let Vince speak too more broadly. In the second quarter, as a reminder, we did call the bottom on comms and said that we would grow on a sequential basis. We delivered that in the third quarter and we are on track to deliver that for the fourth quarter. So we believe we're really well-positioned for strong growth into Fiscal '22. And between the two sub-segments there, wire demand remains strong and we expect that to continue as both carriers and data centers continue to do the upgrades to their networks. And wireless, it's always lumpy, growth in the past quarter was really driven by the rest of the world. North America. We do think China bottomed in the third quarter. So that should also represent some growth momentum for us as we go forward. And then I'll hand off to Vince to kind of speak more broadly about what we're seeing.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So, in response to this, let me just remind everyone what the capital allocation policy is today because I think that we have a very shareholder-friendly capital allocation policy. This is, that first call is really to invest in the business and that, although not a traditional definition, we do consider that organically kind of how we spend our R&D, and that is heavily pointed towards the B2B markets. And then we think about inorganic really more as it helps the technology portfolio or finds other ways to help us become more important to customers. But our commitment is to return 100% of free cash flow to customers. So, we are at 1.2 level leverage today. We do not need to reduce debt. So on a -- in an environment, despite the confidence that we have in the Maxim deal closing in an environment where that was not to have happened, would not look for us to really be changing that view of having all our incremental free cash flow go return to shareholders either through buybacks or through dividend. And as a reminder, I think over the past 3 years, we've averaged about a 10% increase in our dividend. So a very healthy commitment for our fixed income-focused investors as well as the repo. I think we're on track this year for an all-time high in terms of our repo activity. Back to the M&A, I'm going to hand that one to Vince to talk more about the alternatives there.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: That is purely clearly supplied. I think I mentioned in maybe the first or second question that book-to-bill for the quarter was over 1.2 and that's across all markets. So we are seeing very strong interest in products across all markets. Mike indicated in one of the other Q&A that they were likely to have the industrial markets hit an all-time high collectively for a calendar for Fiscal year '21 and expect that to continue to be on track to another record in FY '22. So very much a supply-constrained environment.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So I presume you're asking with respect to the guidance. So in the fourth quarter, and we're not guiding gross margins, but we're pretty confident we are going to hit a new record for gross margins that are coming from the LTC synergies, I think we hit the final phase of closing down the manufacturing operation in California. We still have an opportunity as soon as the supply environment allows us to get some additional savings out of Asia because we haven't closed that facility up because we have no time to shift the tools to their new location. Utilization is also going to provide some level of increase. I would say the mix is a bit of a headwind into the Fourth Quarter. And Fourth Quarters typically have some level of challenges in terms of a holiday shutdown. So, we need to manage through that, which can provide a little bit of headwind for us as well that we got to work ourselves around.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you, Harlan Sur. I'll take that. So first, a couple of comments on inventory. Inventory on our balance sheet is up year-over-year and sequentially, but that is exclusively due to raw materials and width. We can't keep a finished good in stock. So when it's produced, it either goes to the customer or it goes into the channel, and then it goes out of the channel immediately. So we are struggling to build finished goods inventory both in ADI warehouses as well as in our channel partners. Roughly, let's say a significant amount of our auto business is on consignment which gives us good visibility for that direct business as to what's happening there. And that is also we are seeing that demand pull through pretty quickly and no opportunity for those auto customers to build the inventory within their warehouses, but that's on our books.  So it's still very much hand-to-mouth and the focus that we have as we've talked throughout this call and in the prepared remarks is on increasing our capacity or ability to supply by making some significant investments in capacity. I don't see this balance coming into some sense of normalcy until sometime in calendar year '22.
Vince Roche: Yeah, I think the second part of that question, Vivek, just a little bit of color. So, we're leering an investment in CapEx to support our growth objectives, particularly on the backend of our operation, assembly, and test. And we need this capital now to meet the demand, but also in the longer term, we're very, very optimistic about the tailwinds right across our business, from automation to electrification, connectivity, and so on and so forth. The outlook we've just given you supplies feasible and it is certainly the governor, I would say, right now on revenue for the Company.
Vince Roche: Thanks, Tore. So look our confidence in the closing remains unchanged. And as we said in the prepared comments, our discussions with the Chinese Regulatory Authorities have been positive and productive. And we are working towards closing within the initial timeframe. So China is the only outstanding regulatory approval need at this point in time. And I will remind you as well that all of the other regulatory bodies across the globe have approved our deal without condition, without remedies.
Vince Roche: Yes. Thanks, John (ph). First and foremost, I'd like to remind everybody that ADI's industrial business is built on a foundation of many individual market segments like automation, instrumentation that I talked about, healthcare, our space business, and energy, as it moves to renewables and charging infrastructure, for example, the whole need for grid efficiency and stabilization. So that's the foundation. It's a highly diverse business. We've got many tens of thousands of customers. And, you know, the lifecycles in the business are 15 years plus. And it's a very, very, very sticky socket that we've got. So, those of you who followed ADI for a long time, remember about a decade ago, we fairly dramatically increased our focus in terms of R&D, go-to-market activities, in ensuring that we could really grow that business. And the last years have shown that we've been getting market share across the board there. So I think there were a lot of programs that were stalled last year, so there's a certain amount of catch-up there. But I do think that the breadth of the portfolio that we know has the investments we've been making in terms of customer engagement, R&D activities, and the secular trends that we've got all these concurrent secular drivers are propelling that business beyond the market.
Vince Roche: Yes, Toshiya, why do I have the confidence I have about 2022 being a strong growth year? So maybe I can unpack that a bit for you. So I think our comms' revenue mix is seeing a benefit from the rest of the world beginning to emerge in 5G. So today, the rest of the world outside of China is 3x in terms of the term. So that's number 1. If you look at then the geographies of North America, the auction to C-band auction's complete. Revenue's really just beginning here. And all the indications are that 5G revenue here will accelerate in 2022 and indeed beyond. Europe, it's -- I would say, a step behind, but we're beginning to see good signs of life in that region but I think it'll be a more elite 2022 driver. We've talked several times in various calls here about O-RAN, what's happening, but we're beginning to see revenue. We've talked before about Rakuten in Japan, that business continues to accelerate. And European carriers are looking right in to make it also an important part of their 5G offering. I mentioned during the prepared remarks as well that Vodafone is a major player there and we happen to be very well represented in their systems. And I'm also having conversations with customers about the use of 5G and O-RAN beyond the classical consumer market. So it's early days, but the characteristics of flexibility, scalability, quicker time-to-market, cost savings, and so on, are enabling private Networks to be configured in factory environments, for example. So that's all still on the comm, but that gives you a sense of our confidence in 2022 and beyond.
Vince Roche: Yes. So as you know, you've seen over the years, we've always acquired very, very high-quality assets, and that will remain to be our view on things in the years ahead as well.
Vince Roche: You know, the foundation for our gross margins being where they are, It's the number 1 innovation. We produced the best performing solutions between the physical and digital worlds and we got a premium. We got very, very well paid for doing that. Also, the diversity of our products and customer portfolios, 125,000 customers with I think I've said this before, 85% of our sales come from products that individually contributed less than 0.1%. And the pricing environment, as we said earlier on the call, has been very, very stable, very steady.
