Vince Roche: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question. Yes, we are constrained. We've got a very, very positive book to build. But what we have forecast for the July quarter factors in all the elements of supply across silicon supply, both internally, externally as well as all the backend operations, assembly and test. So we feel very confident in that number. But beyond that, there is opportunity to ship more. There is more demand out there. But at least in the July quarter, we feel very comfortable with what we have forecast.
Vince Roche: Well, I think -- ultimately, everything will depend on demand. We're increasing our capacity. We're getting more wafer supply in general. And we are, as Prashanth said in his remarks, we've been investing in capital equipment inside the company to expand our backend operations. So you'll see sequential improvements in ADI’s output over the coming months. So as Prashanth said, the second half of the year, given our confidence in supply, we will have a better second half than first half.
Vince Roche: Yes. Look, the root of our value creation really is innovation. We're spending over $1 billion a year. And we like to have the highest performing products out there that we got well paid for. And I think also the diversity of our product application and customer domains helps us protect margins, as we've seen through the pandemic here. So 85% -- we've got 125,000 customers and 85% of our sales comes from products that individually contribute less than 0.1% of our revenue, or even less. So that's the model of the company. So there's a lot of resilience -- a lot of optionality and resilience built into it.
Vince Roche: Yes. Well, we've seen -- this is a very, very highly diversified business. We saw broad growth across all the individual sectors. In fact, all applications grew double digits year- over-year and sequentially. And I believe there's a lot more upside to come, because we're in a multiyear growth cycle driven by secular trends, Industry 4.0, et cetera. I would say the -- we've seen really strong acceleration in the automation sector. And I think that's driven by such things as the need for onshoring, more flexibility and more robust and connected supply chains. If I just pick healthcare, it has already been a multiyear growth market for ADI. And the pandemic kind of underscored the importance of information technology in managing our healthcare systems. So we've seen an acceleration in our digital healthcare business, as we begin to migrate the hospital environment to the clinic and the home with point of care solutions or healthcare anywhere mentality. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, the energy sector with the move through renewables and this charging infrastructure that's being laid in to support these electric vehicles, those are some of the areas that we're seeing strongest growth within the industrial area. But I think automation underpins it. Also, I would say, I've been very pleased with the results that we're getting in the very broad bench, scientific and test equipment, analytics equipment, and so on. So it's been very, very broad.
Vince Roche: Yes. Thanks, Toshi. Well, first off, we're the market share leader in the electric vehicle battery management systems. And as you know, we have really two portfolios. We have the existing, we like to call it the wired portfolio, the more traditional way of moving data from the battery system and we've introduced a wireless version, a robust cognitive radio-based wireless system. So I think the next 12 months will be driven by the traditional wired battery technology. And after that in late '22 into 2023, we’ll begin to see the upsurge of the wireless battery technology that will complement the wired. So what I believe will happen is, today, what have we got? 2 million, 3 million cars per year being produced -- electric vehicles being produced. That's going to move to we believe somewhere 10x at least over the next seven, eight years. So this is a multiyear cycle. Where our BMS chips today are being used in over half of the top 10 selling EV cars globally, and we're getting share in each of those areas. Today, our best position is in North America and China. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're beginning to make real tracks in Europe as well as Japan and Korea. So, ultimately, if a manufacturer wants the most miles per charge, they're going to turn to ADI. So that's what we're working on.
Vince Roche: Yes. So Ross, what I want to mention is that at this point in time the rest of world is 3x larger than China for ADI. I think that's very, very important to remember. And we're certainly seeing 5G momentum pick up on a global basis. North America, we've recently -- obviously, the C-band auction is complete. And we're beginning to see orders today that we expect will accelerate during 2022 and beyond. Even Europe, where there's been real lethargy in upgrading their communication systems in general over the last several years, we're beginning to see signs of life in the deployment of 5G. India is also -- India has a significant government funded program to make 5G a reality there. We’re beginning to participate in trials. And last but not least is O-RAN. We already have revenue as a company with Rakuten, the online shopping company in Japan and we're very well positioned given our ecosystem position there to unlock potential in what is a brand new stream of revenue, particularly I think as it gets deployed into private networks for machines.
Vince Roche: Yes. So I think first and foremost, China's opportunistic for ADI at this point. We will sell I think lots of components, and therefore it is more opportunistic. Prashanth, you can talk about the specifics.
Vince Roche: Yes. So we've instituted a three-day per week policy to start with here at ADI for those who have been working remotely, and we will see where things go from there. But my sense is on the OpEx side of things, we will probably not get back to per capita travel spend, entertainment spend and so on and so forth. The other thing I'll remind you, Will, is that we work relentlessly at the company on taking costs out of the business. So we work hard on cost of goods, we work hard on making the business efficient below the cost of goods line as well. So inflation is nothing new. We'll see how it moves over the next -- if we see an acceleration in inflation, then we'll figure out what actions to take.
Vince Roche: Well, I think that's true. And when you look at the expenses today, our OpEx is laden with some very rich bonus payouts, because the business in terms of growth and profitability is doing very, very well. But we will -- over time, I expect that the growth will moderate and the bonuses will also moderate.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Tore. Inventory is very lean. We entered the quarter below seven weeks and it decreased again in the quarter. So we would like to build inventory backup. It's unlikely that that's going to happen. Whatever they get their hands on sells through immediately. So until the supply gets improved over the coming quarters, I don't think you'll see us return to normal inventory levels in the channel. But I would say that we do maintain the view that sort of that seven to eight weeks is the right balance for us to have in the channel.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vivek. Maybe just to start with some comments on where demand is coming from. So we're experiencing significant growth in demand and it's very broad based in all of our markets. And when you rewind and think how we got here, our customers entered the pandemic with pretty lean inventories. Then we had this synchronized government stimulus, both fiscal and monetary. We had very strong growth during the pandemic of consumer electronics with the high use of cloud compute connectivity. We're coming out of the pandemic now with GDP driving industrial, and that's driving companies to rethink both where they manufacture and upgrading the style by which they manufacture. So on the supply side, we've been planning for additional capacity, as Vince mentioned, since late summer of 2020. And as we add capacity, our revenue forecast is increasing. And that's really what helped us deliver a better Q2 guide up for Q3 and feel good about Q4. So I think supply will eventually match demand, but I don't see demand really going away. So this feels -- given the secular drivers behind it, it feels that this is going to be with us for a while. Book to build for the past quarter was above 1, and it was the same for all end markets. So it's, again, very broad based. And I think it's really just a reflection of the incredible role that ADI’s products play across the manufacturing ecosystem.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I guess a few comments to make there. We are efficiently managing our orders. We're working with our customers, both large and small, across all markets to understand the demand timing and to allocate the supply based on demand. Remember that while we report on a POA basis, we actually run the business on POS. So we look through distribution to understand what's happening at customer. We've also put in a non-cancelable, non-returnable for up to 90 days to help give us better visibility into the backlog and that helps customers sort of manage what they can expect to get from us. So at this point, I would say the focus really has been on communication. And that's the feedback I think Vince has heard from customers as well is that what's important to them is communicating what they're going to get and when they're going to get it, so they can plan their respective downstream production requirements.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks. So I said in the prepared remarks that the communications business for the second quarter was really driven by very strong growth in the wired. I think it was up double digits. Wireless remains lumpy. But we feel pretty good that comms has bottomed in the second quarter and we're going to see growth in the second half, and I'll let Vince jump in with some of the customer conversations he's been having. But with the completion of the C-band auction, we feel very good that you're now going to see the build out of 5G for which we are the largest participant certainly with the transceiver product for both the U.S. and starting to see that in Europe as well.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think, Stacy, we have always said that we expected 5G deployments in North America to come next and be followed by Europe. When we gave you the commentary for the -- leaning into the second quarter, we were focused on the pause in China. But we have seen now that the auctions are complete, and particularly Verizon being much more public about what they intend to do in the 5G space, as Vince mentioned, orders are starting to come in for that. So the trajectory for communications or for wireless specifically is going to be up in the second half.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me take the inflation piece first. So I think it was Ambrish who asked a question and we are seeing cost increases from our supply base, but we feel that we're guiding margins on a net basis are going to be neutral for that, because we are where we can pushing that price through. So I'm not as concerned about the inflation side. We have been very mindful of the labor side. And I would say that the data we're seeing is that it's taking us about a week longer than normal to fill jobs at the factory level. So our U.S. factories are facing a little bit longer time to fill jobs, but it's not anywhere as dramatic as what we're hearing in the media in terms of filling these high paying manufacturing jobs. And then for return to office, that is something we spend a lot of time on. There is no doubt that there will be some return to travel. I think that's going to be universal across all companies. But more specifically to how ADI is thinking about return to office, maybe I'll let Vince talk about how we're thinking about that.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Will, maybe I can wrap up by saying we're expecting second half revenue to be strong. We indicated that second half gross margins are going to continue to increase, which is going to give you incredible leverage and therefore there is no reason you won't see a meaningful lift in op margins as each quarter rolls out. And all of that is going to translate into more cash flow, which we'll have available to deploy since we're not doing any further debt reduction, that's coming back to shareholders.
