Vincent Roche: Yes. So thanks, Tore. Firstly, if you look at our ASPs compared to the Analog sector, we have a 3x multiple. And versus our closest competitor, we have a 5x multiple, and that diversion has been growing over the last several years. So, we decided quite a while ago that across the markets and the applications that we really cared about that what was really important for us to do was boil down the increasing complexity that our customers are dealing with in their product development systems and activities. And so essentially, what we've done is we've taken that complexity into ADI. We get to the other side of that complexity with the quality of our innovations and our ability to be able to couple many, many different facets of our portfolio together in areas like power management. We're building these 3D stacked module systems, sometimes with ASPs of hundreds of dollars.  If you look at our 5G radio systems, same thing. We combine microwave. We combine data conversion, power, digital algorithms and so on and so forth. So we have -- within the company, we believe in diversity of technologies, solutions customers and that choice of business model, Tore, at the end of the day and how we execute it gives us the richer ASPs when compared with our competitors.
Vincent Roche: Yes. One other thing, C.J., to note. We've said before, the signal we watch most carefully in terms of really trying to understand demand is sell-through rather than sell-in. So that, I think, gives us a deeper degree of reality and the match between true demand and supply.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So, well, let me start with the automation question. I've talked about a lot of the automation customers over the last while. And there continues to be, I would say, bullish expectation. I mean they're not immune from the macro. I think some of our customers are experiencing some soft cancellations in their business. But if you look at what's happening, we're going to see the life sciences transform. We're in the early stages of small batch processing in life sciences for manufacturing, for example. The energy sector is another area where, particularly the American, the U.S.-based automation customers, a lot of their businesses are -- they have a very large portion in the energy sector, oil and gas, for example, and that is likely to remain strong. So if that's a bedrock. I think that will remain strong for for several years to come.  We are seeing onshoring, reshoring. We're seeing movement of manufacturing, first time in India for the first time in a serious way. So my sense is, the industry won't outrun the macroeconomic conditions. But overall, I think the landing in terms of where demand will be softer than probably normal.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think as well, for the last decade, 12, 13 years, we've been treating Industrial as the bedrock of the company. So it gets first call on R&D investments, customer engagements. And never have we been more diverse in terms of geographies, customer coverage, depth of coverage, depth of engagement. So -- and also, we have product life cycles that stretch into the decades with very, very stable pricing. So I think all those factors combine to make this an extremely strong business currently, and we're very, very bullish about the future here as well.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the diversities, well, Ambrish, of the business in general is stronger than it's ever been. We're getting benefit. We're winning share in the power management market, that sector of our portfolio. And I think if you look at where we are in the Automotive sector, where we're getting a very strong tailwind from the electrification of the vehicle. In fact, we're gaining a lot of share in general, I think, within in-cabin and the electric vehicle. So I think we've got some tailwinds that are transcending the macro cycle here as well.  The only part of the business I would say that has a cyclical timber to it now is the Consumer area, where we have seen kind of the normal pattern there at the -- which happens at the tail end of the year.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I don't think our customers are in the mode of building safety stocks. There are mismatches, I think. There's the well-described golden screw problem. It's probably a base in compared to where it was six months ago, but I don't think customers -- there's no major inventory building going on right now. And I think our customers are doing their best to match their orders and the product supply to be able to create finished goods. So they're not there yet. I think there is still some unserved demand that customers are trying to fulfill. So -- but we're working very closely with our customers. As we've said, we take our signals from sell-through, and we're working with our customers diligently across all 125,000 of them, big and small, to make sure that we get the best match between what they need and what we're able to deliver.  And what I'm hearing in general is that, yes, we haven't serviced all the demands that all the customers have needed. But in general, we've been very transparent. Our customers are very pleased with our customer service. And I think it positions us very, very well coming out of the supply crunch to be able to deepen our engagements with our customers and -- both on the R&D side as well as the supply chain side. And customers are increasingly interested to partner with companies like ADI on both of those dimensions, and we're ready.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Prashant. So yes, I think in terms of '23, the markets that have been performing very, very well for the company over the last couple of years, particularly Automotive, which we've already talked about; the electrification of the vehicle, we're very, very well positioned there. And we're winning a lot of share in the in-cabin electronics as well, the new display systems, which are very, very complex. The dashboard displays need a lot of very, very clever power electronics. So we're well positioned.  From an Industrial perspective as well, digital healthcare has been growing at the company in double digits for over the last 7 years or thereabouts. We expect to see that continue. Also, aerospace and defense, that's likely to be a very brisk business. It's performing well for ADI now, and I believe, at least for the next 5 years, we will see stellar growth in that area. And energy, our energy and sustainability businesses are also beginning to really go on the uptick.  So where am I concerned? I'm not really concerned about the business in general, given the diversity that we have, diversity of customers, products, applications. 5G, perhaps, we'll see what is likely to be weakness in Europe, offset by growth in India, growth in ORAN, steadiness in the U.S., and that kind of summarizes how we think about things.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Let me take that and help give some color on the demand, order booking. So if you step back and think about last year, the first half of the year, we had orders at historical highs. And then last quarter in the earnings call, we called out that orders are beginning to slow, and that's a decline actually continued into the fourth quarter. However, we saw orders start to stabilize about midway through the fourth quarter and into the first couple of weeks here of the first quarter. So there was bookings our strongest in Industrial and Auto, not surprising and weaker in Comms and Consumer, which I reflected in the guide.  From a geo standpoint, we'd say that not surprising. We're seeing weakness in Asia, especially China, but North America and Europe are holding up well. So given the combination of orders stabilizing and the backlog coverage that we have out, we feel pretty good about the near term. There is uncertainty out there, and things could change fast, but that’s sort of what's driving our sort of cautious optimism.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Maybe, Vivek, just -- first, just to emphasize something that we said in the prepared remarks, all subsegments in Industrial grew in the fourth quarter, and we feel pretty good about where we are.  From a strength in Industrial versus the other markets, I'd look at it two ways. First, from a supply standpoint as we were seeing demand softening in other markets, we have the ability to use our hybrid model to get more wafers from our external partners, and we are biasing this additional supply into the industrial market, which has remained resilient and strong. At the same time, recall, we made a decision early in the supply disruption to make sure that we were taking care of our broad market and our smaller customers who tend to be more on the Industrial side.  From a demand standpoint, the strength and resilience in the Industrial kind of speaks to where we play. We have extremely high share in those markets. And maybe to note versus our peers, some of our peers have cited weakness in -- I think they're calling it consumer industrial. We, on the other hand, put that business into our consumer. We call it the prosumer business, professional audio, video, et cetera. So when comparing us to peers, you'll see that our Industrial may be more pure Industrial.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me start with fourth quarter. Balance sheet days are up to about 140 and the channel is flattish, and it's still below our desired 7 to 8 target. So the growth in inventory that you're seeing in our balance sheet is coming from a couple of different drivers. Certainly, inflation for our cost of goods, sales growth, which requires us to have more coverage of inventory and then the strategic decisions we made in the prepared remarks.  So I do just want to go through that one more time here. So we are temporarily going to hold more finished goods versus putting it into the channel. Because we believe that gives us the flexibility to align the supply with end customer demand across regions and markets. A bad outcome for us would be to give product to a particular distributor who doesn't have an end customer demand for that product, where someone else in a different market or geography is in need. Second, the die bank has really been dried out over the last couple of years. And I think I said, at some levels it's below 50% of where we want it. So die bank for us and for folks who may be less familiar with it, this is a product that has finished the front end, but before it goes to assembly and test. This allows us to get it through the back end in roughly four weeks. So it's quick turn, and it gives us maximum flexibility to put it across different markets. So investing in the die bank will help us get our service levels, which are critical for us given the focus we have on customer service, critical for us to get those levels back up.  So the result is, expect higher days in the first half, and then it will trend back down as finished goods burn out and the die bank comes to where we would like it to be. So our goal for the inventory is to get our lead times down to our old target, which was roughly 90% of our goods can be shipped within 4 to 8 weeks. And given the long life of our products, we always carry a pretty minimal risk of obsolescence.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes. Let me just make a comment on cancellation. So we provided cancellations as a metric that we watch in the third quarter because we wanted to give everyone some context that we saw an inflection happening with orders. So it was in the spirit of transparency. However, I don't want to get into a pattern of reporting cancellation data every quarter. So if it was something meaningful, we would have called it out, which we didn't. So you can read that for what it is.  I would say that unlike others in the industry, we are proactively analyzing our backlog and working with customers to remove orders that they no longer want given the rapidly changing environment. So this strategy for us is to seek out cancellation. It helps us align our backlog with current demand, and it really gives us better visibility into where the supply needs and what we need to build. So that has increased our confidence in the quality of the backlog we have. It is still -- the coverage is out still over a year, but it is down sequentially. And so while we're always mindful that there can be some continued noise in that backlog, we feel pretty good about both the guide and as we mentioned, the near term.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. And I think your question really is on the downturn scenario analysis. I'll just -- I'll restate that, Stacy. We've covered that a few times, but we put our gross margin floor out there at 70%, and we did that because we have confidence that we have the levers, given the flexibility of our hybrid manufacturing model and the resiliency of our business that it's unlikely that we're going to pass through that. So we’ve tested that at a down 15%. And what we've shared with folks in the past is that a down 15% is quite comfortable that we can stay north of that 70% and the OpEx levers for us would be the -- about 80% of our OpEx is fixed or less variable in nature, which leaves us about 20% on the levers that we can work with to ensure that we keep operating margins north of 40%.  I will say that for 2023, our commitment is -- and as Vince often says, we run this company for the long term. So we are committed to continuing to invest throughout the course of '23. We'll, obviously, be mindful of the environment. And if we see a change that warrants us to take action, you can count on us to take action but we -- at least for the next quarter, to expect us to continue to make the right decisions for the long-term health of the business.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Will. Great question. Let me -- I'll -- let me do the easy part of that, and that is, sell-in is essentially equal to sell-through. So from a channel standpoint, we're well aligned and our channel partners are not building inventory. I made the comment that we're holding some finished goods on our own balance sheet.  From a customer standpoint, I think Vince has had a lot of conversations with customers. So I'm going to pass to him to talk about what he's hearing from them.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Thanks, Toshiya. Let me take the first one quickly. So for '22, growth was fairly balanced and about half of that is coming from ASPs. But I do want to emphasize something that we've said over the course of all of '22, we passed cost through to customers. We did not use that environment to raise our gross margins. That was how we did the calculation of how much price to pass on to a customer was based on the input costs that were relevant to those customers. So with that, I'll let Vince take the more interesting part.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. And Josh, one thing to add, you asked about utilization when we think about taking them down. One thing I wanted to point out is about our swing capacity and cross-qualification. So before we pulled down our internal utilization, we'll bring what we can back in from external, internal to support utilizations and our gross margins.
Michael Lucarelli: And the question on lead times Ambrish. The lead times actually in the quarter, they have come down. I would say they're still extremely high and much higher than we want them to get. And Prashanth talked about how he wants to -- how he -- or we want to increase our inventory to bring down those lead times, but we have some products that are on time and some products that are lead time to 52 weeks. So lead times have come down overall sequentially from 3Q to 4Q, and that's reflected in kind of our outlook, our backlog, cancellations, everything that we gave you.
Michael Lucarelli: Stacy, I'll do the housekeeping. No, I guess our outlook is very, very strong, given you thought it would be a 14-week quarter, it's not. Our first quarter in '23 is a 13-week quarter. Our next 14-week quarter will be in 2024. So to repeat the outlook for 1Q is a 13-week quarter.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. Prashanth and I will be at CES this year hosting meetings. We also have a booth on the showroom floor where we have technology demos across auto, healthcare and consumer. We hope to see you there. And with that, have a great Thanksgiving, and thanks for joining the call.
