Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thank you, Prashanth. Now let's get to our Q&A session. Please limit yourself to one question. After our initial response, we'll give you an opportunity for a follow-up questions. Cheryl, can we have our first question please.
Michael Lucarelli: Cheryl on the call - on the interest of time, we're going to go to one question per caller to get through a bit more.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website investor.analog.com and you also find our recently published ESG report, engineering good there as well. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Stay healthy.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. So I think first and foremost. We've seen tremendous strength in our healthcare business over the last quarter and we expect that will also continue. And also generally speaking with virtualized commerce, work from home, we're seeing again very, very strong demand for the communications products. The optical cable portfolios of ADI are doing particularly well and of course 5G especially in China and Asia, the 5G build-out is moving at pace. So what we're seeing, what we are predicting looking ahead is based on the order streams that we've seen and whatever - what others are predicting. We feel comfortable based on the strength in the areas I've just mentioned. Our defense business continues - continues quite strong. Also businesses attached to let's say the build-out of data centers and cloud like advanced instrumentation test systems for memory, storage and so on and so forth are also doing particularly well. So the overall industrial business holds in there. As Prashanth said, we probably see a modest decline, a seasonal decline in the third quarter. So overall they are the drivers. And as Prashanth said we expect a steep decline in the automotive business, but when you look at the puts and takes that's how we see the quarter shaping up.
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question, John. I would say today what we would consider to be Industry 4.0 with a highly cloud connected industrial sector is quite small. I think today it's probably less than 10% of the total installations of factory automation and process control systems, but the intelligence we're getting from many of our customers now is that there are two things driving the need for the redeployment of industry. So it's probably three things. One, the need for them to understand how to gather and utilize data analytics to improve the outcomes for their customers. So that assumes automatically that you deploy 5G, you deploy optical connectivity, many forms of shorter robust connectivity. I think also the - we are seeing the fragility of the supply chain globally. And customers are telling us they're expecting to bring more machine capability into managing the supply chain. And I think thirdly is the regionalization or the [suburbanization] [ph] of supply chains and we can see the pressures there globally. And not to mention the demographics, many of the societies that are producing lots of capital goods and consumer good outputs like Germany, China and as America begins to regionalize supply chain, we're likely to see the adoption of cobotics and more robotics technologies in general. So I think there's a long way to go, John. We're in the early innings of the Industrial 4.0, the adoption of that.
Vincent Roche: Well, we've actually been ramping, Tore, our investments in automotive, particularly, in the infotainment, the power side of things and also the electrification of the vehicle, the electric powertrain. So right now it's a very, very hard market to read both in terms of demand and of course supply. I think automotive has been extremely hard hit by the closures globally. So we see, I would say, the two areas of most interest to us Tore are the infotainment, the car experience, leveraging for example, our A2B technology, our heritage and digital signal processing and audio signal processing in general adding for example active noise cancellation to the portfolio and we're deploying that, starting to deploy that now. So I think the whole Infotainment side of things is an important part of the go-ahead and that's a place where we've a lot of heritage and we're actually increasing investment. We just acquired a company actually during the quarter to enable us to bring more signal processing to the audio space. In the electric vehicle area, I think, it's got a long, long road ahead of it. As the electrification today the powertrain the - as a portion of overall car sales only about one certainly less than 2% of total car sales. So a long, long way to go. And that's an area where we have strong position. We're on our fourth or fifth generation of technology node product delivery to that sector. So I'd say in those areas we are actually increasing investments. Power is another area, the cross-connective power into our business particularly in Europe and the US. That's an important initiative and we're seeing some very good green shoots there in terms of early stage production of designs - of power designs that we've attached to the signal processing portfolio. I think it's also true to say, Tore, that probably on the safety side of things, we've been decreasing our investments over the last several years, partly in MEMS. You'll recall three, four years ago. We withdrew most of our investments in that area. So I would say safety is more opportunistic, infotainment and electric powertrain more strategic.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, Tore, we feel good about the stability, the diversity and stability of our business and what the profit margins we generate as a company. We're investing to make sure we come out of this trough, a stronger company both in terms of product development as well as customer engagement. So we also believe very strongly in the persistence and the pervasiveness of our technologies. So I believe that the story for ADI get stronger with the tailwinds that we have and the portfolio that we have for the future. So look, overall, our goal is to take advantage of the disarray. And while - I think Prashanth said in his prepared remarks we're preparing for the worst, but we're executing aggressively for the future.
Vincent Roche: Well, Vivek, let me answer the second part of your question first. So we have tremendous coverage. We've got very strong market share across all the providers all the OEMs of - for 5G across the globe. So irrespective, I mean, the networks are going to get built. And whoever builds and will be using our stuff, our transceiver technologies, our microwave portfolios, many, many other ancillary analog technologies. And so I feel good about the position that we're in. If share shifts from one to the other we will pick it up. And so the - yes in terms of demand, I would say, we have reconciled. So it's pretty clear what the carriers are saying about the deployment of 5G globally right now. Our reconciliation in terms of how we balance the demand of the carriers is with - it is very tightly tied to our supply. So we have a good sense for what the carriers are looking for and that's how we're planning essentially the factory loadings to support this particular area. So I don't think I mean you asked about are we seeing double ordering and so on and so forth. What is characteristic in the base station infrastructure market over many, many years is that get gyrations when a set of contracts are coming due. You see some level of, I would say, core need and a certain amount of redundancy built in, but it's pretty typical. What we're seeing right now in terms of 5G is no different. What we've seen in terms of the dynamics how 4G operated in terms of demand.
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question, Ross. So I think first and foremost we expect sequential and annual declines. It is extremely hard to read the automotive sector right now. I think it's easier to predict how factories will reopen and how supply will happen. I think the bigger question is what is going to happen with demand. And I think the way we view it is that we don't understand the pace of reopenings right now and at what level of utilization or capacity will they operate. So I would say we think it will be tough going for the remainder of this year in automotive. And perhaps we'll start to see a recovery in the first half of the coming year. So that's how we're viewing it. So the area that we feel kind of most conviction around in terms of demand will be for electric vehicles where our portfolio is making very strong headway, which was originally centered really in China into Europe and of course America as well. So very, very hard to read, I would say, but my sense is that remainder of this year will be tough and we start to see off a pretty poultry bottom I think some recovery in the first half of '21.
Vincent Roche: Yes, so overall in the quarter just gone, we saw a modest decline, I would say, in our BMS revenues, but our design and hit rates are very, very strong. We're set to - at the present time we have somewhere in the region of 40% to 45% market share in BMS. And we believe that share will grow above 50% given the design pipeline that we have and the commitments that we have from customers across the globe. As I mentioned in the previous - the previous answer there. We managed to take what was a very channel-centric BMS business. We've been taking it across the globe and that's for essentially the non-wireless set of things. The wireless battery. We are expecting to see our first production of that particular product happen in the kind of I think the second half of 2021. So that's how we see it. We are in a great position I think right now in North America, China and we're also beginning to penetrate Japan and Europe, I think, is in the early stages of adoption at any kind of meaningful level and I feel good about where we are there. So and our portfolio is highly differentiated. There are many pretenders out there, but when it comes to optimizing the miles per charge we got more than 20% gain in that - along that metric. So overall it's a 1% to 2% penetration of the car sector. It will probably go to 25% over the next five, 10 years and we're in a very, very good position to see the tailwinds from that as time plays out here.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I was going to give a little bit more background on kind of the orders and outlook, which may help investors as to why our guide came in where it is. So very quickly kind of as expected Feb was weak, March came back very strong largely driven by China, but also some pretty strong demand outside from customer concerns and then it began to correct. So April was soft, continued into May. We finished with kind of book-to-bill above 1.0 in all of our markets except auto. So as we thought about the outlook - we've built our outlook on the expectation that orders are going to continue to slow through the quarter or best case stabilize. The guide that we have out there is built on a 100% backlog coverage, which is much higher than we would normally use when we were at this point in the quarter. We're working terms with our customers and we are enforcing them pretty stringently, so any customers or disty orders are non-cancellable within a 35-day window unless we agree to grant an exception. So that's helping to kind of clean through the backlog and limit order cancellations. So all-in, I think, the assumptions are reasonable given the amount of uncertainty and we did put a little bit wider range on there plus or minus 70 to reflect the uncertainty.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, yes. So, Tore, let's do that in two pieces. First, think about how we manage our cost. So, right, in the near-term how we think about cost and you've seen it in the OpEx results already. We have a variable comp structure that is intended to act as a shock absorber and that unwinds as revenue falls. On the discretionary side, we've already proven hiring. We've essentially got travel at zero. We've exited consultants and any discretionary contractors and perhaps most impactful is we've deferred our merit increase, which is usually 2%, 3% year-over-year. We are on track to realize about 35 million of synergies that we announced last year in November. And we still have $100 million of cost synergies that will come through by the end of 2021. So there are some more permanent actions that we can take. And we have taken in the past such as furloughing employees until demand returns. We did this back in 2008, 2009. We would certainly put activities like temporary actions on the table. So there are all items that we'll think about. On the manufacturing side I would emphasize that our utilizations are fairly low right now. So we're kind of at the trough levels. Inventories are we feel at a good position. So I don't think we have kind of the same inventory exposure that we would have had at the same time last year. We've reduced on the balance sheet as well as in the channel. So, overall, I think we're well positioned if this breaks up or should it break down. Maybe Vincent you want to talk a bit more about kind of longer term.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes, good question, Vivek. So our model is 70% long-term and you saw that in good times we can get upto 72% plus and in more challenging times like now we're sort of in the high '60s. So through and through a cycle, we can average 70%. Getting to 70% is very macro dependent as demand gets better, we are going to get utilization tailwind. We have, as I mentioned, utilizations are near trough levels now. We have - what we have in our favor is an additional 100 million of costs of good synergies. So that should begin to give some tailwind as well to our gross margins. And then as 2021 returned to kind of growth numbers then I feel that - it's reasonable for us to kind of get back to that 70% level.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So for OpEx we are in our sixth quarter of consecutive improvement in OpEx. Some of that was - is clearly actively managing the spend levels down. But some of it is also the result of this COVID situation where travel is at a freeze. I think it's reasonable to expect that as businesses reopen and customer expectations start to change and we need to get back in front of folks that some of that is going to climb and as well as some other discretionary spend will come back in. So I wouldn't run this level of OpEx out too long, but I think you've seen that we have been incredibly diligent with managing our OpEx over the last year and a half and that's a muscle that ADI has built and we're not going to let that go. In terms of how to think about the capital allocation. Our framework really hasn't changed. The first call is to invest in the business and you know whether that is organic or inorganic. And then after that it's really 100% return of free cash flow after debt repayments. So the plan for 2020, we increased the dividend by 15%. We're still intending to reduce debt by 300 million to 500 million in this fiscal year and then everything after that goes back to shareholders either through dividend or share repo. So I would expect that we would be - if the business holds out that we would be reactivating the share repo in the coming quarters.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Ross, I would say, that is reflected in our guide. We're relatively bearish on automotive in our guidance.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, so I think we feel good about our guide, Chris. We don't put a guide out there that we don't think we can based on what we know today we can get to orders were down in April. May was at a slower pace. Our expectation in the guide is that orders continue to slow through the quarter or best case might stabilize. We've got good coverage from the backlog more than we normally do. So we're prepared for some cancellations or push outs because we would have. We always have some turns business in there. We're trying to control those cancellations or push outs, as I mentioned, by being be pretty tough on the terms that we have for direct or disty customers and we've also assumed that the channel is relatively flat inventory levels sequentially. So we think we've calibrated the guide as best as we can knowing what we know today.
