Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Before we move to Q&A, one last reminder from IR. Our growth commentary will be on a normalized 13-week basis and on sell-in, unless we otherwise state it. Now let's get to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, can we have our first question, please. 
Michael Lucarelli: Ambrish, just some context there. As Prashanth said in his prepared remarks, we built inventory in the first half of the year and -- in '18 and this year, we're not planning to build as much. So that would actually be counter to what you said. 
Michael Lucarelli: Sure. Craig, comm will lead that growth, I would say. Industrial will be down year-over-year. Remember, last 2Q was a very, very strong quarter. I think we grew double digits sequentially in 2Q. That was kind of our peak industrial revenue a year ago. It was a tough comp, plus we also talked about the inventory change in the channel year-over-year. Automotive is going to be down year-over-year, as we talked about the sell-in versus sell-through accounting. So for auto, I would think, look at basically first half '19 flattish versus first half '18. 
Michael Lucarelli: So then comms will be another strong double-digit grower year-over-year. Pull that together, increases slightly sequentially. And that's even with, I'll call, the offset of auto being a bit weaker because of the sell-in accounting. If you took that away, B2B is up probably 2%, 3% year-on-year. 
Michael Lucarelli: Tom, this mainly relates to prosumer business. So think of like Polycoms and that type of stuff for conference calls, that -- those type of things we moved from comms. The legacy for Linear were in communications, we put those into consumer where ADI puts them, as prosumer typically is a GDP-plus business growth wise. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, I mean, 2Q is usually the low point of the year for that business, just given the demand there. And if you think about it, on last call, Vince highlighted that we think consumer will be down 10% to 20% in fiscal '19, and that's kind of what we're sticking to for outlook. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all available reconciliations and additional information can also be found at the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. Thanks, again, for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: No, Ambrish, I'm not sure why you'd conclude that. Our guide -- we're not -- as I mentioned, we're not guiding point-of-sale anymore. We're on a sell-in basis. But the guide is at the $1,541 million midpoint of growth -- excuse me, at the $1,500 million midpoint. The guide should be on a year-over-year basis. If you were to take an assumption on flat inventory channel, you would still see a pretty strong sequential or year-over-year growth number there. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Tore. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had committed to some additional cost synergies relating to the shutdown of 2 sites that we acquired as part of the LTC acquisition. And these shutdowns should generate an incremental $100 million of cost synergies, all of which is in cost of goods. To help us through that transition, we're going to be needing to put a little bit more inventory internally on to our balance sheets. And hard to kind of pinpoint too much at this early stage, but we're estimating around 5 days is what would be necessary to kind of carry us through the -- bridging the closure of those 2 facilities. And then once those facilities are up and running, we'll burn that off. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Stacy. Let me break that into 2 pieces. So first, if you think back to last year, it was around summer that we were one of the first companies to indicate that we were beginning to see some challenge in the factory automation space, given what was going on, particularly with China. So being proactive on that, we began to constrain the amount of inventory going into the channel in preparation of the uncertain times ahead. So yes, last year, we did see a more significant kind of correction to inventory in the channel in the second half given the macro environment. As we -- so now setting that up for this year, now that we are on sell-in accounting, that creates for some tough comps in the first half. And again, as we move into the second half now, we'll also be lapping the softer business environment as well as the inventory channel correction. So we do feel pretty good that the growth kind of gets better for industrial from here on forward. And in terms of what's in the channel, today, we're at about 7.5 weeks, and that's kind of right in the range that we guide to. As Vince mentioned, and this is important, we focused running the business on a POS basis. So the inventory in the channel for us is striking that balance in what is necessary to serve our customers, and it's less about kind of managing a particular revenue number. It is -- POS is what drives our decisions on what we put in the channel. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I would say that, if you think historically, there has been a sort of a meaningful change in OpEx when we move from first quarter to second quarter. We told you in the last earnings call that, that would not be the case this year, that our first quarter would be a little bit higher but that -- and there were some one-timers that we talked about in the last call, but we're behind that. And as we move through the balance of the year, we're expecting OpEx to be relatively flattish. The biggest driver on frankly will continue to be variable compensation, which is designed to adjust the spend in line with the profit and the revenue growth. R&D today runs at about 18% of revenue, and we really consider that fully funded. So we will work within that envelope to deliver the product development needs that are required. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Harsh, your comments are correct. Just one clarification there. It was growth in consumer, but it was also the growth in communications. So both of them were responsible for the end-market mix. And do remember that we are left -- this was the current quarter where we have the typical holiday shutdown. So utilizations do -- are at the lowest point typically over the holiday season. So with that, we'll go to our next caller. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Great. Great, Harsh. Thank you. I'm going to do the first part and let Vince take the second part. So as I said in the prepared remarks, we moved some customers who were direct into the channel. So as a result, there was a little bit build in inventory associated with that. Normally that would not be revenue for us, remember that. And the growth, if you want to think about what does the auto growth do to sell-in, that would have been a flat number. So auto growth in the quarter, as we think about it, natural demand was flattish. And we would say that the -- for the first half, we kind of expect that to be flattish because the second quarter is going to have the corresponding offset from what we -- from the inventory build that we had in the first quarter. Channel inventory overall was kind of minimal quarter-over-quarter. So auto was up, but the other markets were down. With that let me -- let Vince talk to kind of longer-term auto growth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And that is flattish auto with unit -- with vehicle unit sales down. So we do recognize that, that is a good accomplishment given the decline in vehicle production. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Let me start and then let Vince add some more color. I just want to get to your question on orders. So -- I know that's probably on many people's minds. January orders were stronger than December. Now that's not unusual for us, but it is a good sign, and that was strength in orders across all of our B2B markets. Now February has Chinese New Year, so there's a lot of noise in that. But going into the Chinese New Year, orders remain strong. And while it is a noisy metric, and we do -- but we do look at it, our 4-week book-to-bill is higher than both our 8-week and our 13-week. But I do want to emphasize that is a very noisy metric, but for whatever that's worth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So at a high level, John, 2018 was really about share gains on traditional 4G. Doesn't really include that 4x content. That 4x content comment relates to, as you move to more radios and massive MIMO, the radios go up by 8x, the content opportunity for us up at 4x, and we're adding Linear power on to that. So that's really in the future. So at a high level, '18 is about 4G share gains, '19 and beyond will be about moving to massive MIMO and the 4x content. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I would say, none of that was really due to sell-in. Remember that industrial business largely goes through the channel. We have a very tough compare in the first half because in 2018, we built inventory in the channel, so that is primarily the industrial business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw growth in aerospace, defense, electronic test and measurement, which more than helped to offset the headwind we had in automation and memory test, which we've signaled some time ago. The book-to-bill is above parity. So a little bit lower than normal, but that's already reflected in our outlook. I mentioned orders have gotten better. So I think, Vince made the comment, we think we continue to grow from here. 
Vincent Roche: Ambrish, if you take our outlook for the next quarter, 2Q, basically, our days in the channel are flat. So it's certainly not an inventory build or sell-in issue. We run the company on a sell-through basis. So I want to make that clear. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So the 4G build-outs are continuing. I think that will be the story for the next couple of years in terms of revenue contribution to ADI. But of course, 4G is being upgraded. We're adding massive MIMO, for example, to direct the energy and improve spectral efficiency. So I think we have a very high share at the present time in 4G and in the initial stages of 5G. And what we're seeing right now is, as I said, the 4G phase continues. I think there are multiple years left where 4G will be the primary platform. But we're in the initial stages of 5G deployments. But really 5G has yet to materialize. When it comes to looking at the content, I would say, these new generations of 4G create 4x more content value for ADI. And of course, when we move to 5G with the higher-frequency systems, the microwave systems and the densification of these massive MIMO systems, there is another bump that we expect to get in content there. So -- and that's, by the way, before we add in the power management portfolio as well. So as I've said before, for every $1 of analog content, of mixed-signal content, there's at least $1 of power. And I'm pleased to say that we are at the early stages of attaching our LT power management portfolio to our 4G and 5G story as well. 
Vincent Roche: It's a good question. Well, most of what we're doing is, for example in the more point-of-use, the clinical grid vital signs monitoring, we are focusing very much on the higher end of the sensing and signal processing activity there. So we're not -- true to form with ADI, we are focused on really solving the toughest problems and enabling consumers to wear new health care sensing technologies to predict and help monitor wellness and indeed recovery from health situations. So I would say that the way to think about this story is that we're going to be focused largely on more B2B type activities. 
Vincent Roche: Well, first quarter, we had lower utilization. But we expect that utilization will increase in the second quarter and through the rest of our fiscal year here. So we'll, I think, keep pretty high level of utilization. And also, the 70.3% margins that we posted in the first quarter, as the mix towards industrial improves, we would expect also the gross margin to improve. So I think, utilization is in good shape across the company, and I think as well we are probably seeing what would be the lower point of the gross margin activity right now, and that will certainly improve as the industrial business improves. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So we're expecting to the -- through 2018, the ADI specific, the legacy ADI portion of our business grew in the high-single digits. The LT portion was in the lower single digits. But let me tell you a couple of things that we've been driving hard in our business. Or BMS, the battery management solutions, that were legacy LTC, we've been growing that in double digits over the past 3 quarters or so. And we're looking at the remainder of this year, the full 2019 as a double-digit growth year in that particular area. And in fact, I think Prashanth indicated in his CapEx remarks that one of the reasons we're increasing CapEx is to enable us to put the equipment in place to get our products to market faster in that particular area and to put the test coverage that we need as well in our back-end. I'm glad to say as well that we're winning incremental power sockets in the automotive sector. We're bringing power to new customers. And we've seen just in this last quarter, in fact our power portfolio grew in the automotive sector on a year-over-year basis. Legacy ADI, our infotainment business, continues to flourish, and we're winning many premium audio sockets. And also attaching LT power again to everything that we do in the automotive area. So we've just launched as well some very exciting high-resolution radar technology at the 77-gigahertz level, so that's yet to come. But all the early indications are that we're starting to get traction there. So I think we've many technologies and product areas that are well aligned with the critical themes in automotive around autonomy and electrification. And we now have the best portfolio in the industry to attack these opportunities. 
Vincent Roche: It's a good question, Craig. We have an opportunity pipeline now both on legacy ADI and LT legacy power products, in particular, that is at an all-time record high. So we're basically converting that pipeline across-the-board, and we've a broader and deeper position in the automation sector. We've extended our reach into electronic test and measurement, which complements our more vertically oriented memory test area quite well. And the energy sector as well is doing well for the company and on a year-over-year basis has been growing. So -- all the things we do around sensing, measuring, interpreting, powering and connecting, those technologies are getting used in more and more places in the industrial sector and in the aerospace and defense as well. So we have a bigger portfolio. We've got more sales and application resource out there, deeply engaging with our customers every day. So my sense is, if I were to put a target growth number on it, I think we have the opportunity to grow consistently in the mid- to high-single digit area over the coming 5, 7 years. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So it's basically the nonportable stuff, and it looks and feels like a B2B business. Lots of customers and products and longer product life cycles when compared to the portable area. So that's the change that's taking place. 
Vincent Roche: Well, different people have different definitions of what constitutes 4G and 5G. I would say anything that is 4G with a massive MIMO connected to it is 4.5G, some people call that 5G. So that's already in play, and that's one of the strongest growth drivers in our portfolio. And I think that will be the story for, at least, another 12 to 18 months. I think it's going to be the very advanced 4G technologies that are beginning to utilize that bridge technology to 5G, which is massive MIMO. I see true massive -- true 5G being a 2021, '22 introduction point. So I think -- you will see trials, of course, in the meantime of the classical microwave-driven 5G, but I think that's still a couple of years out. 
Vincent Roche: Well, the first call on our capital is to make sure that we invest to the fullest extent in building the greatest products and getting these products to market. So that's the first call. And we're investing, in fact our OpEx is at a record level this year, our fixed OpEx. And so that's the first call on capital. We have committed to returning all our free cash flow after debt repayment to our shareholders. We -- that's the track we're on. We are very happy with where we are right now as a company with the combination of ADI legacy, Hittite and LT. So we're still integrating LT and creating the leverage that we know we can create with that franchise. So that's where we are right now. And we've been doing some tuck-in acquisitions over the last 12 months, we'll continue to do that, but I think, that's the way to think about it right now. 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, there probably is some. And I don't see anything unnatural in the numbers incidentally. But there is obviously some pull-in. There is anxiety around the current trade tension situation. But also remember, there are  -- particularly in China, there are planned releases of advanced 4G systems and the trialing of 5G systems, so that's taking place. I think our story is dominated primarily by the fact that we have much more content than we've ever had historically in these systems of ever increasing complexity. It's -- off the top of my head, John, it's hard to give you a breakdown of what the individual pieces are in terms of the contribution from legacy ADI, Linear and Hittite. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks and certainly in the Q&A here, we're beginning to see the early stages of LTC power being adopted. So the portfolio today is largely dominated by legacy ADI mixed signal. We're at the early stage of adoption of LT. And Hittite is a tremendous source of strength in the higher frequency -- connect the  -- products that connect to the antenna. And all that said, my expectation is with the content and with the expectations of our customers, that, that business will grow at double-digits for the next several years. 
