Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Prashanth. Let's go to the Q&A session. We ask that limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question please requeue and we'll take your question, if time allows. With that, Cheryl can we have our first question please.
Mike Lucarelli: Yes, Stacy what Prashanth says we don't think it will grow this year in fiscal 2021 due to, I will say the Huawei headwinds, as they go to zero and lower channel count in China. But then pivoting to Vince, over the long-term we should grow - we've been growing 7%. There's no reason to go - going forward we can't grow at least in line to that.
Mike Lucarelli: We did Stacy. I think the world has changed over the past two years quite a bit. Could it grow double-digit? Sure it could. There's no reason it can't. But I think as we look today with the pressures, you're seeing geopolitically those are things we didn't know two years ago.
Mike Lucarelli: Yes, sure. C. J., you're right. If you look at our Industrial business, we did just achieve a record quarter and we're guiding to another record quarter. So I'll clarify that. But what's interesting is if you peel back a bit, we have six application areas within industrial. Only two of them are above previous peaks. So there's a lot more room for upside across all the verticals. But even if you look back at previous peaks, there's still four application areas we still have more room to run before we hit those peaks. Automation being one of those as well. So I think, as Vince said, it's a long-term growth market, automation and industrial, and you're starting to see that business turn late last year into this year. And I think that continues hopefully into 2022.
Mike Lucarelli: All right. Thanks, C.J., and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on the website. Thanks for joining the call and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you for the question, John. Way to think about OpEx is that, if you recall in the Proxy, we identified that last year in the first half we had a particularly low bonus payout as reflection of the macroeconomic environment. In the first half of this year you're going to see the opposite effect of that. So on average it's a normal bonus payout. But you do see a significant upswing in a variable comp for which is impacting both the first and the second quarter compares. In addition, we have the merit increase if you remember we put that merit increase in several months later than normal as a result of the pandemic last year. So you're beginning to see that on a full year run rate basis in first quarter and then it will carry in second quarter. So beyond these comp related items OpEx is really at a steady level. We're not requiring any additional investment at the OpEx level to support the demand that we're generating.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay, so there's a lot packed into that question, Ambrish. Let me take a couple pieces of it. So we're producing and shipping at record levels and second quarter outlook is going to be a record. We have enough capacity to meet to the guide. But significant additional upside versus that guide will depend on what we're able to procure both from an external wafer standpoint as well as the capital that we're in the process of deploying into our internal facilities to support that. What we're doing to help alleviate that situation is we have been consistently building inventory since last summer to deplete what was pulled down during the pandemic shutdowns. We're adding additional supply both internally and I mentioned the capital that we're deploying which is mostly going to the back end and then externally we've gone out and acquired additional wafers from our partners. I think the answer to your question on CapEx is that is mostly for test and then, on the capacity side. Where we can get additional capacity from our partners, we're doing that. But even with this additional capacity it's very likely that the strength of demand is going to outpace supply for some period of time. So I think we will be chasing demand at least for the balance of this year. From a capital deployment standpoint, some of that as we guide as percentage of revenue some of that is dependent on how strong the year continues to rollout. So when I say slightly above 4%. It could come down to 4% or maybe just a hair below if revenue continues to cripple on here.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: You want to take that, Vince? Okay, I'll take the first part of that, Stacy. So let's break comms into wired and wireless. On the wired, we're looking for continued growth as carriers and data centers are upgrading networks. On the wireless, we said that, that the US deployment of 5G was always going to be a second half event and our view on that has not changed. What we have seen is a bit more of a slowdown in China as they're digesting kind of the 5G that they deployed and the channel counts are a bit lower. So we do think comms troughs in second quarter and then begins to pick up in the second half with the global 5G. In terms of our view on whether we can grow comms on a year-over-year basis. Given the significant headwind we have from Huawei going to zero, that's a tough ask.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Toshi, I would expect that our guide for each of the subsequent quarters is going to be partly influenced by what we're able to supply. So as I said earlier, I think we're going to be chasing demand for the rest of this fiscal year, and we will use our guidance range to inform how we think - what we can build to base on our ability to get capacity third parties as well as increase capacity internally.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Maybe just to close on that, C. J., we've been gaining share in industrial, and we've been gaining share over the last couple of years while the market hasn't been as strong. Now you're going to see the compounding effect of a growing market with the benefits of the share that we've picked up. So I think you will see significant outperformance for ADI's industrial business versus our peers over the balance of this year.
Vince Roche: Yes, just on the lead time question, Ambrish. So we entered our first quarter with what we've recalled normal lead times. But during the quarter and into the early part of this quarter we've seen lead times extend which I think is pretty consistent with the industry at large. So while we see some hot spots. We're really talking about is few weeks of extension in different places. Let me remind you too that, we run this company. We run our manufacturing plants; the operating plants are run to POS rather than POA. So what we're seeing right now is a good balance between POS and POA. But as Prashanth said, we're preparing for quite a bit of upside during this year and we've pretty substantially increased the CapEx in our backend.
Vince Roche: Yes, I think as well, I'll remind everybody that the three-year CAGR for comms has been 7% and that's with that's very, very significant headwind in China. I think when you look at ADI in the comms business it's tremendously diverse. Many, many hundreds of customers. 5G is a critical part. Wireline is an increasingly critical part. So very, very hard to predict in a lumpy business. But our expectation is that, when you have CAGR [indiscernible] we produce better than mid single-digit growth for that business.
Vince Roche: Over the next few years I think Stacy. We will produce something better than mid single-digit growth in that business.
Vince Roche: I think high single digits is a reasonable expectation. The early stages of 5G, I think being able to grow at double digits pretty plausible but we're working off a bigger numerator at this point in time. So I think if we can produce something in the high single digits. We'll be in very, very good shape.
Vince Roche: Well that's certainly our expectation. I think in terms of getting to market. The latter part of this year we'll see the start of production. And I think between now and the end of 2023 say, we should expect four to five OEMs to adopt that technology. With a strong pipeline, but also remember we have a very strong wired portfolio in BMS. So we've got those two tailwinds working for us. But I think overtime it will be kind of hybrid between wired and wireless. But clearly wireless is the bright star at this point in time and our expectation is, that we'll have at least a handful of OEMs using this technology by start of 2024.
Vince Roche: Thanks for your question. Typically 1Q is the low point for ADI. We had a reasonably strong first Q compared to kind of normal pattern. But I want to stress there's still a tremendous amount of uncertainty out there. And I don't want to get into the business of making strong speculative predictions here. But we can only kind of guide one quarter at a time particularly in this varying market. But if I look at the markets and just kind of peel the story back a little bit for you. So our industrial business which represents about half of the company's revenue was down we had two consecutive down years in 2019 and 2020. But we produced the record quarter in the first. We expect ongoing strength in that business and one thing I'm very, very pleased about is that the most diverse part of our industrial business is automation and I think given the strength of our opportunity pipeline, the new products we've got coming to market. I expect to see a multi-year tailwind in the automation part. I think right now in automotive there's a big push to electric vehicles and I see that as I said in the prepared remarks that is expected to grow by 2030 from kind of 7 million deployed electric vehicles today to over 200 million by 2030. And we talked a lot last quarter about the strength of our cabin electronics business, active noise cancelation, premium audio, our A2B bus deployments and all that through provides good tailwinds for the company going ahead. Comms as we've just narrated weak in the first half of 2021. But really, I think that's about the timing of deployments and my expectation is that, that business would snuck back in the second half of 2021 and continue into 2022. Last but not least, our consumer business has shown our couple of sequential growth quarters and we no longer have the overhang of one big socket and one big customer. So with the diversity of our business. We were addressing more applications, we've a stronger product portfolio than we've had say three years ago. I think we're on a growth track of that business and we're certainly off to a very, very good start. So we believe that 2020 was bottom of that business and certainly the signals are that is the case.
Vince Roche: Well, I think what you've got to remember is that first and foremost we're producing and shipping products at record levels. 2Q will be an all-time record for the company, so we're certainly keeping ahead. Our investments are keeping ahead of these revenue levels, obviously. Like most of our peers in the industry, there are supply constraints in parts of the business, so we're not able to meet all of the demand, particularly in auto, which has been very, very well-publicized. And the constraints continue across the front end in wafer procurement and also the backend. But I want to remind you, too, we produce about half our silicon inside ADI, and the other half we procure with external partners. So I think something else worth noting is that we've been building inventory since last summer in terms of die stock and finished goods, which was heavily depleted during the pandemic shutdown. So, as I said, internally we're ramping up our own manufacturing operations and we've been successful in acquiring additional wafers from our external partners. So I think that's the best I can give you in terms of the atmosphere that we're working within. We're certainly keeping CapEx deployments ahead of where we think the revenue could be this year based on the demand patterns we now see.
Vince Roche: I think it depends. We do have long-term contracts, but we're doing that on a more strategic basis than tactical, let's say.
Vince Roche: Yes, so, Craig, there's a couple of ways to look at this. Obviously, the battery side of things is very, very strong. We've more than doubled the size of that since we acquired LT. And overall, when I look at, for example, power, the mixed signal portfolio, as well as the battery management side of things, we have more than $500 million worth of new revenue going into production this year, and that's just the beginning. So in terms of areas where we're winning, we've got notable wins in communications, in wireless as well as and data center and cloud. In Automotive, we're strongly attaching to our infotainment business, the autonomous radar systems. And the strongest surge in terms of growth in industrial for the LT portfolio, the additional cross selling is instrumentation tests and micromodules generally speaking across the board. We're seeing very, very strong demand for those products. So I think all that said, we had expected that we would double the LTC growth from 3% to 4% historically to high single digits in a five-year period. And that's quite similar to how we viewed our opportunity with Hittite at the beginning and what also has materialized. So that's the story in terms of the markets and the expected growth.
Vince Roche: I think healthcare as well, C.J., is worth noting that it still remains considerably above pre-COVID levels. We obviously got a boost during the upsurge in COVID-19. And again, I think this has been growing at 10% for the past five or seven years. I think, a multi-year growth market, and we're beginning to see also the acceleration of demand as a result of the pandemic getting healthcare capabilities to anywhere so to speak. So I think - we look across industrial as an area where we've been, I'd say, steering a lot of our R&D over the last decade or so. It's kind of a long burn business, but we're seeing the benefits now in terms of strength of our technology pipe and our customer engagements.
