Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. Yes, so I think first and foremost, we are seeing tremendous stability. I don't expect to see any downward pressure on prices even in a recessionary environment. I think first and foremost, our products reflects an innovation premium for the kind of value that we deliver to our customers. Now we're never the long pull in the pricing tent either in the customer's bill of material. The other thing I would say, particularly in the high-performance analog space, the substitution costs are very, very high. So the disruption to a customer system design way, way outweighs considerations for price reduction. So where we obviously compete most intensively on a price basis is to get the original socket, but we have long life cycle products with tremendous stability, very, very high substitution costs. So my sense is that pricing will remain very, very steady through the cycle.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Sorry, Tore. On the OpEx side, we intend to -- we've been spending R&D at record levels. We intend to continue to ensure that we have properly funded all our critical programs. Innovation at a very, very important part of the value creation story of ADI. We are -- also we've been upping actually the spend in our go-to-market activities as well. So both of those, we will continue to keep our pedal to the metal on.
Vincent Roche: Well, I think the last part of your question, first, on pricing increases, I believe that we are in the post-Moore's Law era and in a period of sustained structural inflation in this business for many, many years ahead. I think it's true to say that supply -- we've been increasing, of course. We've invested strongly in our own manufacturing capabilities to be able to secure supply and increase supply actually across the four wafer fabs inside ADI. So yes, supply is improving there. And thematically as well as supply has been improving actually right through the pandemic, right over the last couple of years from our subcontractors as well. So I think there is a lightening of supply across the board.
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a very good question. I've had a lot of conversations, Ross, over the last couple of years with CEOs of the biggest enterprises in the world of information. And what I can tell you for sure is that everybody wants to get closer to their key suppliers when it comes to aligning product roadmaps for the long term. Particularly companies that are perceived as being critical for their innovation processes. So I can tell you that continues. And the other side of the equation is everybody wants to understand at the customer side of things, what do they need to do to secure supply for the long term? And what kind of arrangements that they need to put in place? What kind of information flows? What kind of models that we develop between each other? So that continues. And I think it has been firmly established now that semiconductors are the bedrock of the modern -- of modern socioeconomic life. So the conversations continue intensively, I would say, and I expect that to continue well into the future.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, C.J. Let me maybe talk about kind of the bookings momentum in a couple of different pieces. So first, third quarter results, where we're clearly broad-based strength, all end markets were up quarter-over-quarter and double digits year-over-year, so our sixth consecutive record. The only geography/market that was down year-over-year was China consumer. But that's a very small exposure for ADI, low -- very low exposure for ADI, low -- very low the third quarter, orders were up. Again, as I mentioned, strongest trends were industrial and auto, which represent about 70% of the business. Comms and consumer weaker, but again, we increased our backlog to another record, another new all-time high, and that covers us well into '23. Where we saw that change in demand was really cancellations ticked modestly higher. And I do say modestly. It is -- we want to be fully transparent on this call, so we're calling out but I wouldn't really put too much focus on the cancellation number. But again, in the spirit of transparency, we want to share that we did see that change in the demand profile. And we also saw that the channel sell-through began to moderate towards later in the quarter. So that is the sell-through from the channel or POS began to soften a bit versus what we were originally expecting. Overall, the book-to-bill was still above parity but it was definitely lower than it was a quarter ago. So as we set that guide for fourth quarter, given the uncertainty, changing trends in our business, we thought it's prudent to take a more cautious stance and therefore, we're guiding up only slightly on a quarter-over-quarter basis despite, as I mentioned in answering Vivek's question, despite having very strong backlog coverage, good bookings and better supply, which would all suggest higher growth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, sure. Thank you, Ambrish. So maybe let's start with a reminder that this company is structurally more profitable than we ever have been. The addition of Maxim gives us the benefit of scale, and we have the benefit of that hybrid manufacturing model, which really gives us that flexibility to manage our production utilizations by being able to notify our supply chain partners in the event we need to, with essentially a quarter's notice, to bring the outside supply number down and focus on keeping internal utilizations higher. As a result of that, we feel very confident that kind of through the downturn of a cycle, we can maintain that 70% gross margin floor, which from an investor model standpoint, is a unique metric that we put out there to give a floor. In thinking about a downturn scenario, and again, I want to emphasize, this is a projection to help investors model what it could be, not in any way a forecast of what we think is coming at us. But from a revenue standpoint, we have this great diversification, 75,000 products, 125,000 customers and thousands and thousands of applications, which are aligned to numerous secular growth markets. We have exposure to much stronger markets in a down cycle like aerospace and defense and health care, which are not going to be as cyclical. On the gross margin side, I mentioned this flexible manufacturing model that allows us to really help manage utilizations. And then we have a very accordion-driven variable compensation program, which allows us to moderate OpEx. So if we were to think about a downside scenario that was in a 15% down revenue market, we believe op margins would still have a 4 handle on them, probably be in the low 40s and gross margins would probably be, again, above 70, but probably in the low 70s.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So let's see what can we say here, Stacy. So for the last couple of quarters, excluding the third quarter, book-to-bill was -- actually, you can do the math because you can see how the backlog has increased so substantially. It between a one and a two, right? We're now still above one but we're at the lower end of that. Now industrial and automotive, strong, and that helped to compensate for -- I think I'm going from memory here, my consumer was just about flattish and comms was just a hair below.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Everything is broad-based, and we -- I think that if we have overemphasized cancellations on this call, that's probably a true statement right now, is I don't want to mislead folks to think that cancellations are a meaningful concern. But again, in the spirit of transparency, we're saying that they were up modestly.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And on comms, I just -- maybe just one follow-up is this has always been a lumpy business. We know that the wireless guys have spent a big chunk of money buying spectrum. That spectrum has to be deployed, which will require the 5G hardware that we have the market share leading position on. So we're highly confident. This is a pretty of timing issue.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. So I think we've talked through some of that, Tore, but from at least certainly utilization levels, we're going to continue to see relatively good utilization levels across our internal factories for a few reasons: one is the benefit of the hybrid model is that we can bring more production in-house; second is that die bank levels are at very low levels, and we do need to get those die bank levels back to a healthy point. Die bank is an extremely cost-efficient place for us to hold inventory, particularly when you have 75,000 SKUs. You can hold it sort of think of it as $0.10 on the dollar. So it is very economically efficient and allows us to improve customer satisfaction later on. From an OpEx standpoint, as you've seen in the past, we have a very accordion-driven variable compensation program, which automatically unwinds if the financial performance of the company drives it to. And I think what's unique to ADI versus perhaps some of our peers is we have the cost synergies from Maxim, which are independent of the economic environment. From a CapEx standpoint, expect us to be -- it is business as usual. We had committed at the Investor Day to a higher level of CapEx in '22 and '23, which is necessary to add the supply needed to hit our long-term model of 7% to 10% growth, which we are very much committed to, and that is on track. Capital spend for the current quarter -- sorry, for the current year, maybe a bit below what we expected. That's a consequence of revenue coming in stronger, so bigger denominator and also just a little bit of delay in the receiving some of that equipment, but all of that will drive through in 2023.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: On pricing, maybe I'll just restate what we said in the past. We are not using this environment to take advantage of our customers, and we are really looking to maintain our gross margin model. And the rationale on that gross margin model, which is important to us, is we know, as Vince mentioned, we spend at a healthy clip on R&D to develop highly innovative products, and we need to capture that innovation premium from our customers. So as our costs may increase, it's important that we continue to capture those cost increases back with stable margins because it's a reflection of the value we're bringing to our customers.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Harlan. Your -- first of all, say that you recapped it correctly, and there is some opportunity for us to continue to grow our revenue by bringing distis levels back to our healthy target level. But I want to emphasize that the guide, as Mike mentioned, the guide for the fourth quarter is on the basis of POS equals POA. One thing that ADI has been very consistent about for many years is we run our business on POS. So we need to look at end demand, and end demand drives how we end up manufacturing, and we want distis to be able to help us with access for those products, but we are not looking for distribution to be an excess buffer of inventory.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sure. I mean, the backlog is not that indicative of what happens for next quarter because it goes out into '23. So as you see these cancellations, this is a very small percent of the backlog and that's really into '23. So our assumption is backlog probably increases again because book-to-bill at an enterprise level is still above one. It's really not going to affect the demand for the fourth quarter or probably even the first quarter at this point. And as Prashanth said, I say investments bookings used to be way above one. Now they're nicely above one. So we're still booking above what we're shipping. So what would cause us not to come in kind of in line with supply, right? Why would we -- why would -- for the last couple of quarters, our revenue number has been purely a function of supply, and why could that not be the case for the fourth quarter? Why that could not be the case is if customers say, "We'd like to reschedule the timing and we choose, in the spirit of customer satisfaction, not to push it to them although they've ordered it and give them that flexibility to move out." And it could be, as I mentioned, from the channel standpoint, if the channel looks like inventory in the channel is building at a level that we don't think is healthy for the business. And we choose to keep that inventory on our books to give us more flexibility to make sure that we can match customer demand better.
Michael Lucarelli: I have one thing to that, that's important point Prashanth brought up on the channel is that 31:50 assumes really no channel inventory build. That's a sell-through number that we're guiding to.
Michael Lucarelli: And with that, thanks, everyone, for joining our call this morning. I did want to flag that during these more uncertain times and consistent with our commitment to transparency for our owners, we'll be even more available. Vince and Prashanth will be in New York, L.A., the Bay Area, Chicago and across Europe in the next quarter, so it's a busy quarter coming up for us. Please reach out to myself or the IR team if you'd like to be notified when we're in your neighborhood. And with that, thanks for joining us and your continued interest in ADI.
