Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So Jamie, I think the first quarter was in line with what we expected. So there was deceleration going into the first quarter. Now remember that in this quarter, we undershipped the channel. And as I said in my prepared comments, we undershipped by $40 million. So on a revenue rec basis, PO ship-in was $40 million below sell-through. As we go into the second quarter, orders were improving over the course of the first quarter, and we expect that to continue into the second quarter with this note that we made on disruption in China where we believe some of this demand is going to get pushed out to future quarters. So I do think that our view here is that we've sort of bottomed out and it gets better from here through subsequent quarters. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, I think, Tore, we had mentioned in the -- in our first quarter -- or fourth quarter call that our goal was to get back to our target range by the end of the second quarter. It may take us a little bit longer now given we didn't include the impact of the coronavirus in the top line. So we're still heading towards the same channel inventory target that we'd had before but with a bit of a softer top line. I think it might actually be end of third quarter before we're back in range. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: We did not give a number, Ambrish. The -- what I mentioned is we took the channel inventory down $40 million. But if you do the math, we're still going to be above our target range because the revenue -- the numerator has moved, but the denominator has also shrunk. So on a ratio standpoint, the weeks are still high, but we did take a big chunk out, and we're going to take more out in Q2, as we mentioned. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question, Mitch. So I guess, a little bit of background, right? Our model is 70% gross margins sort of long-term model. And in good times, we were operating at 72%. In more challenging times, like now, we're down in the high 60s. So through the cycle, 70%. As we move forward from here, we see 2 things that are going to be impacting margins, both utilization and mix. So Q1 represented the trough level of our utilization expectations for the year. So a fair amount of under absorption in our internal manufacturing facilities, that gets better from here on, and that will be tailwind to margins. And also as some of the questions that were asked, Vince mentioned the strength in industrial. We expect industrial to continue to be growing as we move forward. And industrial, in general, is one of our highest margin businesses, so that will also provide tailwind. So we -- I would expect that you could see sequential improvement in gross margins through the balance of this year likely getting back to our model margins in the second half, maybe towards the end of the year. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: All right. So the guide for our second quarter included a $70 million adjustment that we made at the top for the impact of the coronavirus. And the math that we use to arrive at that is we essentially zeroed out February in China for industrial and auto and consumer, and then we also made an adjustment for communications being pushed -- or the deployment of 5G being pushed out a bit just because of the labor challenges that are going on there. We expect that to begin unwinding in the subsequent months and certainly be back to normal in the third quarter. Could it be above normal? That's certainly a possibility. It depends on the timing of how that $70 million comes back. It's our current view that, that is purely a timing shift that, that is not lock demand. But as to when that falls back in, it's hard to say, but the order activity certainly suggests that it's not going away. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So I guess a few things, Stacy. For the first quarter, a little bit lower than we expected, mainly due to the 5G pause that started in the second half of '19. Moving into the second quarter, orders have begun to come back in very much as we expected, and our book-to-bill is above 1. So that's supporting a strong sequential increase in second quarter for both 5G, but also as Vince mentioned, we're seeing some good strength in wireline as has been reported by a number of peers as well. The sequential increase is below our initial expectations because of the -- a lot of that was related to 5G timing in China. So I think everything is moving a little bit to the right here. So it's hard for us to say at this point whether the timing of that recovery is still going to put us up year-on-year, but I think we'll have to see how quickly this demand recovers and whether the installations happen as -- is it caught up in the year or not? But we feel very good that this is really a dislocation of demand versus actual loss or destruction. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, yes, we would have to reevaluate. But remember that we have adjusted one large communications customer down from traditional mid-single to low single-digit as a percentage of revenue. So that is kind of -- that's the limit of our exposure depending on what happens to that particular customer. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, sure. So I'll take the margin side of it. And then in terms of doubling the growth, I'll let Vince comment. On the margin side of it, we have talked about the focus we've got on shutting down 2 facilities. We've taken -- we've made announcements on those. We've actually been able to accelerate some of the savings for the -- for one of the factory closures, so we're going to start seeing some of that benefit in cost of goods sale at the end of this year. But the balance of that $100 million, we see feathering in over 2021. And as we've stated in the Q4 earnings call, our intention is to let -- to kind of let all of that come through the bottom line. So we are not -- we're not looking to redeploy that cost of goods savings. So you should see some lift in our gross margins on an ongoing basis as we exit 2020 and through 2021. In terms of kind of the progress we're making to double that Linear growth rate, let me hand that off to Vince. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Harlan, I would say, remember, think about defense as when DoD gives the money to the primes and the primes start deploying it, this is going into design decisions that were made many years ago. So we're enjoying the flow of that larger budget into the primes. And then to us, for decisions that were made some time ago, we still have quite a bit of great design activity that has yet to be funded. So that's on to come. On the aerospace side, it's holding as well as can be expected given the environment that's going on there. And then in space, as Vince mentioned, space is really in front of us, that growth is in front of us. So while ADEF has been growing at a nice clip and continues to, we feel even more optimistic about what's in front of us coming both from space and future design win activity that's happened for the defense business. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. So on the orders, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it is very hard to kind of size the activity of what's going on in China. So when we arrived at our $70 million, we wanted to give the investor and analyst community what assumptions are we using, knowing that these are very dynamic. So for our assumptions, we've taken our China activity to 0 in February and pushed out a little bit of 5G. The -- on the supply chain side, we are not seeing much disruption at this standpoint. We had some of our back-end suppliers early on. We're struggling just with getting some labor in to run their activity, but that's also been resolved as time has settled out here. So from our standpoint, our supply chain -- and we just revalidated this with the guys this morning. Our supply chain, we feel good about. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Maybe I can add a little bit of color as well from a market perspective on that. So what we're seeing is -- in spite of what looks like a delayed 5G employment -- deployment in China, in the second quarter, we're expecting growth, actually quite good growth, in our communications 5G sector as well as wireline. And that growth is becoming a little more broad-based. We're seeing, I would say, green shoots in the factory automation and process control side of things as well, which is a significant part of ADI's industrial business, and also gathering strength in the ATE sector. And from an automotive standpoint, we're seeing particular strength in our business in America as well as Europe at this point in time. 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, Tore, China has taken a pause. Asia is still, at this point in time, in terms of deployments today, Asia is by far the strongest in 5G. I think what we're seeing is the -- probably a faster roll off in 4G than we had anticipated. 5G has taken a bit of a pause in China but is set -- based on what we see in terms of demand, is set for a ramp during the second quarter. And also, I pointed out that wireline for ADI in general, whether it's data center, whether it's metro or long-haul networks, is doing quite well. So as we've come into the second quarter, our book-to-bill has been -- is well above 1, and that gives us the confidence in the growing strength of that business through the second quarter here. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, look, we have been very, very clear. The 2 growth drivers for ADI in the automotive sector are the infotainment area, A2B, active noise cancellation, audio signal processing in general. And of course, BMS has been, over the last couple of years, a double-digit growth driver for ADI. I think in the quarter just passed, BMS, which has a route -- a strong route in China, suffered as a result of the virus. And -- but when we look into the second quarter, we expect our -- as I said, our second quarter has better trends in North America and Europe. So we're expecting modest growth in the second quarter. The headwind for ADI has really been the safety sector where our 24-gigahertz radar technology is declining, probably at a rate a little faster than I had expected. And also in the area of MEMS, more of the kind of the passive safety MEMS where we withdrew investment 3 or 4 years ago. So I think we'll begin to bottom out, I think, on those headwinds, specific to safety. We have a new safety modality in 77 gigahertz, which is, by all accounts, very, very exciting for our customers. We will see bottoming, I think, of the MEMS and the 24-gigahertz radar decline. So my sense is in the areas we've picked of powertrain, infotainment, we're very, very well positioned to grow those sectors over the next 2, 3, 4 years. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ambrish. Let me try and address the industrial question first. So we are seeing our aerospace and defense business continue to grow at double-digit rates annually. We are seeing, as I said a little earlier on, the factory automation side of things outside of Asia is on, I'd say, a solid improvement in its demand pattern. I think inventory hangover has largely been taken out of the equation in the industrial sector. So I think when you look -- when we look at the impact of the virus in China, we're not expecting really anything in the industrial sector in terms of shipments there for the month of February. But all that said, we're -- we have a very solid book-to-bill in the industrial sector, and we will get, I think, a decent increase in our top line in industrial during the second quarter. On the wireline side of things, our game there is really 2 pieces. We have a very strong -- we have a strong leadership position in optical control systems for data centers. So all of the FANGs, for example, would use our technology in their data centers for control of the optical signal chain and also the cable market, we have a good position there in infrastructure systems. So wireline business has been growing high single digits now for several years, and I don't see any decline in that. I think that will be a decent growth driver for ADI. It runs into the region of $400 million annually in terms of sales at the present time. So I view that very much, Ambrish, as a tailwind for the company. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I'd say one other comment on that, Stacy. Our optimism about what's happening in America relating to 5G has strengthened over the past quarter as well. So yes, we have the disruption in China. It's really a delay of demand rather than destruction. But my own sense is that we probably see more activity at the back end of the year in the U.S. relating to 5G. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think, first off, when you look at the geopolitical machinations, it's actually very hard to figure out what's going on. So -- but I think with our business in general, we have many thousands of customers in China, many thousands of product SKUs, and we see ongoing demand. There are obviously areas where we are restricted, particularly in 5G, but I think the rest of our business right now is in a kind of a normalized market and regulatory situation. So the demand we're seeing is -- despite the disruption here because of the virus, the demand in China is actually quite strong across the board otherwise. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think it very much depends on the scope of what happens. And so far, everything we've seen is relating to one specific area of communication. So unknown, Stacy, but we'll see. Time will tell. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think we're making good progress, Craig, in trying to equalize the value of the kind of legacy ADI mixed-signal technology value in a given application with power. So we're looking for equivalents. For every dollar of mixed signal, we expect to get $1 of power. And that's what the market opportunity available is. I can tell you that our pipeline for the LTC portfolio, specifically power, is up about 40% actually year-over-year. And we're moving into production down the automotive sector, the communication wireless sector. Wired, we're in early volume production as well. So we expect to see those areas ramp in terms of meaningful impact on the top line during 2021. And there are many, many, many new sockets in the industrial area that we're working on. So that will just take a little longer given the slower uptake in terms of turning design-ins to revenue. But I think a lot like Hittite. We feel -- we went through this process with Hittite. We've doubled the size of that company, that franchise over the last 5 years. And I think we're on a very good track right now with LTE to achieving 200, 300 basis points of top line growth based on the strength of the portfolio and the activity at the customer level that we're seeing. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. As I said in the prepared remarks, obviously, defense budgets are in our favor in terms of buying technology and deploying it. So we're in good shape there. And yes, we're seeing strong double-digit growth in the space area as well. And that's relatively -- we've had a good position there. But the -- if you like, the explosion in the launch of LEO satellites and geo satellites is really increasing demand for the company. And we're looking at, in these applications, many thousands of dollars of content per satellite kind of thing. So we're very optimistic about that, but it's a combination of both. Both parts of that business are really growing well. 
Vincent Roche: Well, broadly speaking, in terms of competition, we are -- we've outgrown our closest competitors for the last 3 years. And so we're clearly gaining share across the board in communications and industrial, in particular. So I think competitively, we're in good shape. I think pricing is very, very stable as well. So I think, overall, legacy is strong. Our design pipeline is strong. And we're excited about the new R&D programs as well that are coming to fruition for the company. In relation to the litigation with, as you said, a large FPGA company, we will give you -- as new information emerges, we'll be transparent with you, and we'll communicate with you. But at this point, all I can say is that we're confident that this matter is going through the court and will be successfully resolved. And we are defending our IP very aggressively, and we believe we have a very, very strong case. So that's where it is. It's within the courts, but we're very optimistic with how things are going. 
