Kathryn Ta: Well, thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's fiscal second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. Before we get into today's earnings announcements, I would like to invite everyone on the call to please save the date of Wednesday, May 21, 2014, for Maxim Integrated's Investor Day to be held in Boston. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear on our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Kathryn Ta: Thanks, Tunç. That concludes our prepared remarks and we would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Jonathan, please begin polling for questions.
Kathryn Ta: Jonathan, just in the interest of getting to everyone in the queue, we have about 15 minutes left, so I'd like to limit everyone to just one question.
Kathryn Ta: Thank you for that last question, Steve. So this concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We would like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. This is Bruce. I'll take that question. So we highlighted in the press release that our revenue was at $35 million which was, in essence, flat with the prior quarter. As expected, we saw the server business up a little bit and offset by the expected decline in the notebook business. We feel good about the integration. As I indicated, we're ahead of schedule on achieving our $15 million in synergies. We expect to achieve that this quarter, in the March quarter, which is a quarter ahead of our original plan. And as Tunç indicated, from a business and technology point of view, we've moved the team into our headquarters here and they're already starting to work with the different product lines and kind of distributing that Volterra technology across the company. So I think from a finance point of view, operational point of view and technology point of view, we feel good about Volterra and believe it's on track.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I'll handle the first one and I'll let Tunç talk about the second one. So cell phones were about 30% of revenue in the quarter. When we add in the handheld devices, we're probably at about 35% of revenue for the quarter, which is down from when we were in the kind of the high 30s to 40% range as we have continued to, a, this is a light quarter for our largest customer and we've had the continued growth in Industrial. But Tunç, maybe you can give some more color there.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Jim. So I think in the -- when you say the weakness, so I think it was the December quarter. We saw the expected inventory correction. I think it was a little bit more than we thought. I think we thought Samsung was going to -- and I think we gave guidance that Samsung was going to be flat for the quarter. And they did end up being down slightly. And again, I think that was on some of the newer products where I think they were managing their inventory a little bit more than we thought. When we look at the March quarter, I think, as Tunç stated, in the current indication, that our unit content will go up kind of on the new platform versus the S4. Of course, we can't give any more detail until that phone is announced. But I do think it's also reasonable, I mean, again, indications are, that, that ramp will probably be late in the quarter. And that it may be even more major than last year as they kind of learned from experience. So I think our view is, I wouldn't characterize our -- that business as a weakness. I think it's doing very well. We feel good about how we're positioned, how we're growing both in the high end and in kind of their midrange phones and in their tablets. So I think we feel good about that business going into calendar year '14.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So Volterra free acquisition was about 58%, I think, in their last quarter. And as you know, we don't break out gross margins by our various end markets. And so, kind of going forward, we won't be doing that for Volterra either. What we -- I think it is fair to say that this is a -- there's a product mix changing right where the notebook business is going to go down and that should be supplemented by the server and in longer-term, by the Communication business. And so, I think, long term, our expectations are that, that gross margin will increase over time and be kind of right in the range of the corporate average of 61% to 64%.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think it is partly due to the Volterra notebook business, Romit. And I think in the past, right, that's been about a 20% or so of the business and it's declining over time, certainly. The other thing is we do have some legacy Computing business that -- and we have some kind of old TV monitor kind of business that is also slowly declining. And that's been declining over time, and we actually just -- in the March quarter, there's a step function where a couple of those old designs are going end-of-life. And so that's probably equally contributing to that decline in the Compute business in the third quarter.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So as we reported, for this quarter, Computing was at 17%, including the Volterra piece. So in the past, I think, last quarter it was around 12%, Romit. So you can see that's increased it by about 5 points.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No, I think that's too high of a number. We can talk offline, but I think if you look at the -- kind of the Volterra number, right, if you look at 20% of $35 million, right, that sum number, $7 million, that will slowly decline and I think our experience is that, that decline is slower than people think. There are these products, the product lines that sort of linger on. So I think that market, that amount will slowly decline, but I think that's less than the percentages you said.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Ross, this is Bruce. I'll take the first half of this. But the statement that we made before was that, and this was back in either June or September, around we did expect Mobility to return to growth and certainly, that view was more on a sequential basis versus the year-over-year. I don't think we ever tried to -- we're not -- our crystal ball isn't that good to be able to forecast out in time, but I think we were confident that what we saw in the summer was more of an inventory correction and that are positioning now based on all the things that Tunç has talked about from a design win point of view in different customers, different technologies, different platforms, market segment. Allow us to have that confidence. And so I think from that point of view, that's where we make that. I think, like you said, whether it's a year-over-year depending on we really had a strong March last year, which everybody is aware, was an over shipment and then some corrections. So I think we feel good about the business. I think we do feel like we're going to return to growth. But I don't know if it's going to be -- exactly come out from a year-over-year. As Tunç said, we feel good going into the year and it's up for us to execute now.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Now I think like you said, that low 220s is where that comes in. That's a good number and I think we're going to continue to look for synergies within Volterra and within our own product lines from that point of view. So we continue to manage that. But I think it's fair to say on a material point of view, this is a good base line in which we're going to try to manage OpEx vis-à-vis revenue growth. And so I think we feel good. In a quarter that's seasonally down, we are able to reduce OpEx in line with that seasonally down quarter. But certainly, we'll continue to manage it and as we get into the quarters where generally we have stronger growth, we'll manage OpEx to grow slower than that revenue growth.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I'll take that. So I think in the December quarter, as traditional bookings slowed down, and so that's normal for us, right, and we usually enter the quarter with a low backlog and then going into that. And then as we get into the quarter, we start to see strength in bookings as kind of the new platform of our customers starts to pick up. So I think, overall, I think bookings are coming in as expected and certainly support the guidance that we've provided. I think from an end market point of view, we normally talk about that. Our only view into that is really through distribution. And there, we actually saw both end market bookings and resales up 5% sequentially. And if we kind of break that down, we saw good end market bookings and resales in Asia. Primarily, we're selling into consumer products [Audio Gap] design wins from a mobility point of view, both in China and Taiwan. And so we saw good bookings and turns for seasonal resales. I think in the Industrial side, we saw resales down in the U.S. and Europe in kind of a seasonally low period, but we saw good end market bookings in the U.S. and Europe, which should lead to the seasonally up resales in the March quarter. So fundamentally, Consumer, good end market bookings, turns, resales in December; Industrial, in Europe and U.S., low -- good end market bookings supporting resales in the March -- expected resales increase in March.
Tunc Doluca: So, I think your question was really what's our projection for tablets as we try to grow other product areas than smartphones on our revenue base. So we've been participating within the top mobile ecosystem players in both tablets and e-readers. In particular, we've won sockets in power management, overvoltage protection, fuel gauges and audio amplifiers in these applications. And we really see a great momentum in the technology roadmap in the audio amplifiers space. And the quarter received, actually, our first orders for next-generation audio amplifiers at a major customer. So we're -- I'm quite pleased with the fact that we're growing our revenue coming from tablets and e-readers, which we consider pretty similar in terms of the way they're built. And we really look forward to growing this revenue even further in the future.
Tunc Doluca: Actually, no. Until the product's really announced by our end customers, it's really something that they'd like us not to comment on specifically. So we're not going to be able to give any color on what it is until they do announce the product. And then obviously, the teardown will tell everybody what's in there and what our content of revenue's coming from. So, sorry, but until then, we can't really talk about exactly what functions we have inside the phone.
Tunc Doluca: So we actually feel good that adding new customers' content and platforms will contribute to our growth in calendar year '14 from calendar year '13. We've got -- we're competing in new sensors and opportunities that the market hasn't yet seen. Having said that though, although I'm feeling positive about this calendar year, we can only provide guidance 1 quarter at a time. But the progress I'm seeing that we're making in our business units is very promising and we continue to expand our technology offerings and target market opportunities. In technologies, we are getting wins and obviously, in powers, continue to do so. But new wins in optical sensors, new wins in audio, as I mentioned, and although small, we are seeing some growth in our touch products. And we have, as I indicated previously on the tablet question, seen good growth in that area as well. So, we're -- all the right things are happening. But in terms of guidance, it's really not appropriate right now to tell us -- tell you exactly what '14 versus '13 is going to look like. But the indications are positive.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think that when you look at the explosive growth periods that -- when we look at that data, what we see is that much of that happened during the bounce back after the financial crisis or the Great Recession, whichever one you want to call it. We are participating in the 4G LTE rollout in China, basically through the optical and backhaul segments. And we've seen limited deployment so far of our outdoor LTE small cells, that was going to be another growth area that we were investing in. But we believe that service providers and carriers are in, really, their early stages of testing small cell deployments. So these are still early days and I know we've been saying that for a while, but that's the fact. And on the other hand, we do expect femtocell shipments to continue to grow, and Maxim has a leading market share here due to our ability to deliver the highest integration, lowest cost and high performance integrated CDMA or 3G femtocell transceivers. But in essence, those explosive growth rates that we saw were in a period where the whole market was really growing very rapidly after almost 1.5 years or 2 years of little to no investment by the service providers. So I think we're well positioned and sometimes, the question also is asked about base stations. But base stations are too small of a percentage of our revenue, so they don't really have a huge effect on Maxim overall.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Actually, we're -- as Bruce said, we're -- we kind of don't want to break out exactly what our product line shares are. So it will be reported in the future as part of our mostly Computing, and we are investing so that we can also grow the communication sector. But the design win momentum has been good and there's new processor models that are ramping in the near future, it actually have started already. So the content is good for the Volterra products. But just cautioning you for the future, we really aren't going to break out our market share in the server market particularly.
Tunc Doluca: So on the Automotive side, I'll take that in reverse order. We don't currently break out what percentage of our revenue is in Automotive. But we have grown significantly over the past 6 or 7 years. I think that we said that it was about 1% or so maybe 7 years ago. And today, it's approaching the high single-digits type numbers. So obviously, that's been a great growth story for the company. But the types of products that we sell, which was the other question that you asked, really is in -- it's pretty broad, but it's mostly focused on automotive infotainment, products like for radio and TV tuner products on the RF side, as well as other products for power management, infotainment applications. We also have distribution of video content, which are serializer-deserializer product line that's been very successful especially in high-end cars. Obviously -- and good traction we're seeing now in our Keyless Go products. These are for RF Keyless Go products, both on the key side and also on the car itself. And we also see revenue coming in from other applications for battery charging and monitoring ICs in the future. So these are basically our invest areas in the company. In terms of infotainment, we also have very rugged, well-protected USB interface products that most of the cars now are beginning to have because of all of us want to plug in our smartphones or our music players in there. So it's pretty broad-based, but it's -- I think the future really looks good because the product lives are long. And each, since we're beginning -- since we began more recently basically, because of that, every new design-in is adding up on top of old revenues, which are still in their -- in the stages where they're continuing and not falling off yet. So I see this opportunity as a great opportunity for the company to grow its revenues in the future as well.
Tunc Doluca: Actually, there was a third one that you missed. And the third one was to diversify the types of products that we sell, meaning technologies that we sell. And I think from my point of view, all of these are going to have a contribution. So it's really difficult for me to quantify which one will, but all 3 will help us this year in our diversification. As I outlined in my prepared comments, we are getting new customers and that's helping us diversify. We have been selling into products other than smartphones, namely tablets and e-readers and so on. And those are -- many of those design wins are outside of our major customer. And finally, we're getting traction with our other products. Our optical sensor products, our audio products have been very successful. So it's really tough for me to name which of those 3 areas are going to be the biggest contributors. So I'm going to say all 3 are going to be contributors.
Tunc Doluca: So Ross, let me just add some more color to that. Bruce is absolutely right. Obviously, we printed some pretty strong quarters last year, last calendar year, but we also had some weak quarters as well in that same calendar year period. So if you -- if we look at how we see calendar year '14 developing, if you average the weaks and the strongs last year, we should be able to get back to growth in this market.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So on the smartphone side, essentially what we're seeing is that we can take the great technology that we've developed for high-end smartphones and take those products and really adjust them for the requirements of the midrange market and sell them. And in terms of the content, obviously, in a midrange phone, there is less content in analog and mixed signal than in a high-end smartphone. However, interestingly enough, what we're seeing is that many of these features that were not found in midrange phones are beginning to migrate to them in terms of what end users are asking. And that's giving us great opportunities to be able to win those types of design. But the dollar content is less because some of the functions simply don't exist. So it's -- it doesn't -- it's not there. But the functionality that we provide, especially in our high-integration products and some of our other products that we sell, is required in those. From a profitability standpoint, actually, they're not much different from a margin profile standpoint. So we've been able to take these blocks and in some cases, really put the right feature sets in them to be able to win designs in the midrange. And these opportunities are actually coming to us, not only it's our major customers today, but obviously, they're also coming in a lot of the Chinese customers. And we look -- it looks really positive in terms of getting these wins and adding revenue and diversifying our revenue base into the midrange.
Tunc Doluca: I think that rank order, that's something that I don't really have in front of me. I think the best way to answer that question is maybe for you to join our Investor Day in May, and we'll be able to give a much more detailed view of how we see going forward. But I think in general, the growth areas that we see for the company, obviously, we have been talking a lot about Automotive. I think that continues to be a great growth area, not only because the content's going up, but because we're coming from a lower base. So I think that's going to continue to grow. And I've visited some of our Automotive customers while in Europe and I see -- really see good design win momentum at these major customers here. So that's one area that is very positive. We're doing the right things in the Mobility space. So I believe that, that's going to be another good growth area. Industrial has been doing well because of our ASSP strategy. So if you ask me to pick our most favored child, it'll be tough for me to do, but it's really all of these are doing really good momentum. But we'll give a lot more detail of all that in May. So please join us then.
Tunc Doluca: So let me take that in reverse order. In terms of our end market mix, we really don't put that down as an absolute goal. We want all of our organizations to be aggressive and win business and grow the company going forward. So I won't be able to give you color about what our mix is going to be in 3 years. In terms of how -- evidence that we're doing well in our diversification, I believe that you're going to see this more going into the next year, but we're definitely growing in our Chinese customer base, for example, and they're almost doubling every year for the -- in the last couple of years and projections for this year, albeit it's from a lower base. So it's not comparable to Samsung, but we've definitely seen that. And we're also seeing good revenue growth and design wins that you've actually already seen in tear-downs at the other Tier 1 supplier. So definitely, I mean these are things that show that we are succeeding in terms of being able to win at other customers other than our largest one. And as I said, we're doing the right things and we're seeing the evidence that it really is happening.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So in terms of the inventory corrections you referred to last year, which was corrections in S III in 1 quarter followed by corrections in S4 in the next quarter. In terms of our conservatism, we're really looking at what our customer's telling us in terms of what's required. And I think the demands from us have really been moderated. So I don't -- we're not expecting a repeat of what happened last year. Now having said that, we really don't know what the uptake of the new products or the new platform we talked to you about that's beginning builds by the end of this quarter. But it's -- the picture -- the forecast picture looks different than -- definitely different than what it was in 2013. So I think that we have a model that's more modest right now. And that's the way that we're building our manufacturing model. So what was -- you had another question in there that I would like to answer, too.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So in the March quarter, essentially, the components are most of the other segments other than this new platform that is going to be ramping, we expect towards the end of this quarter. So if you look at it, it's pretty much all of them coming out of the holiday seasonality. They're mostly all declining. And the one that we're looking forward to beginning to go up is the new platform launch by our largest customer.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So the calendar year over calendar year, I think when we look at our future, I think that we are projecting, and it's really difficult to give a lot of accuracy in this thing because there's many variables that go into it. We don't really know the market uptake of the models that these customers make and so on. And -- but our expectation is that we are going to see revenue growth because of the plan that we put in place last year at customers other than our #1 customer for sure. So if you kind of look at that statement, it tells you that the growth coming from those is going to be more than the growth that we are planning for in the flagship models from our Tier 1 -- our #1 customer.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So yes, I didn't have much comments in there, so thank you for the question. It gives me a chance to give you an update. So certainly, the audio revenue has grown more rapidly than, obviously, the motion sensor side. But just to give you a color about where we're at, we have successfully brought up the MEMS technology internally, which was a big challenge, and our team did a good job of improving the yields and being able to show that we can make these repeatably. We did develop our first 3-degree of freedom products last year. And we introduced them almost about a year ago and those are shipping in low volume to a customer. And we're really well on our way on our 6-degree of freedom product, which is the one that is really required for most of the Mobility markets. We've kind of turned down our expectations relative to what I was saying a year ago. The main reasons are, we focused our development on our product providing a much better accuracy and stability on our parts and this was recognized by our customers. Actually, they did comment that we had the best product in terms of stability of the part itself. However, we didn't -- we're not able to beat our customers on every single spec. So that was kind of a -- put the brakes on the customer's switching to a new supplier. So in that situation, the incumbent is obviously more advantaged if you don't provide advantage in pretty much all of the specs. So having that input from the field, we actually have gone and made adjustments to our products and we will come back and show these new products to our customers again very shortly. And after that, we'll see where it goes. But I do know that we've achieved quite a bit in a short time. But in terms of revenue contributions, what I said last year of getting appreciable revenue contribution this year is not going to happen. It looks like there might be some towards the end of the year, but it certainly has been delayed because we were not able to achieve all of the specs that our customers wanted.
Tunc Doluca: So let me take that one. So when we did -- when we announced the acquisition, we had mentioned and we were pretty transparent that the Volterra revenues would really not grow for a couple of years, and it would take us a while for the synergies in terms of our being able to sell the products more effectively. It would take a while just because of the question you asked, if you do get design wins this year in these types of markets, servers and communications markets and enterprise and so on, it does take 2 or 3 years for that revenue to be able to ramp up. So we knew that going in. However, the Volterra product line was really undersold around the world because of their limited resources. And we certainly do have a sales force in every continent where there can be design wins now. And that's going to be a contributor to get more design wins, number one. Number two, because Volterra was a small company, they were pretty much blocked out of some of the customers because, too risky, because they are a small company. And we pretty much opened the door at many of the major communications companies, whether it be datacom or whether it be wireless infrastructure-type companies. So certainly, from a design win standpoint, that's going to help. But I have to say that it does -- in these markets, it takes a while. It's not quite like the Mobility market, where you can affect revenues next year. But we look at the product line and we talked to these customers, and they really do like the technology that Maxim has been able to add with the acquisition. So we have to be patient. But this is the type of the market we're in. Once we win those designs, they will pay dividends for a long time. So it's the type of business that we do like, but it will take a while.
Tunc Doluca: It's too bad this is the last question where we actually can't answer the question. Yes, as I said, the current indications are that our content will increase in this new platform. But until the products really come out into the market, we can't talk about the functions. And even when the products do come out, we don't talk about selling prices or dollar content in general because that gives away competitive information, and we're not going to be able to do that even then. But we're going to be very happy to talk about what those functions are once the tear-downs are out, and why we won them and why we have opportunities, even more opportunities going forward in these smartphones. So, sorry, but I won't be able to give you the information that you're seeking.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. I mean, we certainly do. The analog field clearly has many respectable companies that are good at some of these blocks that are required in these high integration products. I think that the thing that's really unique about Maxim is that we certainly do have great engineers that have developed very competitive and very innovative functional blocks for the parts. But when we talk about integration and putting these larger chips together, you do need more than just some functional blocks. First of all, you need a pretty broad IP portfolio. And when we look at many of our customers, you don't see the breadth that Maxim has got. What I mean by that is you need to be able to do all kinds of products, power supplies and audio products. You need to be able to do data converters and signal conditioning chips. You need to be able to integrate embedded microcontrollers. So when you make a table and say all of these are required and we've done this, you can see where many of the competitors fall out because they don't have this function or that function. So that's number one, breadth of IP. The second one is that you really need engineering trains to be able to put these complex chips together and that requires many years of changing the way you design these chips. It requires very advanced design -- electronic design automation tools. So we've invested in all that to make our designs go faster than our competitors. And we -- our customers tell us that in terms of our agility and in terms of being able to put these chips, high-performance chips together, we're doing very well compared to the rest of the industry. And finally, you do need very good understanding of the markets to do this very effectively. That means that you need to be thinking not along the lines of technologies, but along the lines of the markets that you're trying to serve. And that really requires you to be organized in a way that you're looking at a market rather than looking at the technology. And those are other -- that's another change that we have successfully gone through in the past 5 years. So if you combine all of those, you can see that the number of competitors that can do all of that is pretty limited. I'm not saying it's none. Of course, there are very capable competitors. But when you make -- when we make our tables, we can see that we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of this customer demand for higher integration solutions for the equipment they're making.
