Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Abigail and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI’s CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADI’s Interim CFO, Jim Mollica. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it in relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. On our disclosures, the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information. These statements reflect our expectations only as the call today. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our references to gross and operating margin, operating and non-op expenses, tax rate, EPS and free cash flow will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from our prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today’s earnings release. Two comments before we go prepared remarks. We adjusted our mapping to better align revenue to customer end markets. This resulted in slight changes to our end market mix with industrial increasing at each of the other markets slightly lower. These changes are reflected on our web schedule in the quarterly results section for the last 3 years. And second, one more quick reminder, the first quarter of 2024 is a 14-week quarter. And with that, I’ll turn it over to ADI’s CEO and Chair, Vincent.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Jim. Welcome to the call. It’s great to have you. Now let’s get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, we will have our first question please.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. And it’s very confusing with a 13 to 14-week card, you’re right, Vivek. I’ll kind of add some commentary around that, how to think about that. Normally, 2Q from 1Q and a 13-week to 13-week basis up about 5%. And given what have been said, inventory overhang and bookings getting better. It still feels like we should probably grow some, but I don’t think 5% is likely. Why? There’s still an inventory overhang going on. So if you think 13-week to 13-week were about flattish, plus or minus, in 1Q to 2Q, that’s probably the way to think about it. That means if you include the extra week, it’s probably down about 5% plus or minus sequentially. So I hope that helps back a little bit because it is confusing. And with that we go to our next question, please.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy. I always appreciate your two-part and one-part question. With that, next question, please.
Vincent Roche: Yes. God morning, Ambrish, and thank you for the question. So yes, we noted last quarter that we believe the inventory digestion issue would last two to three quarters. And I’d say, given the new information that we have, our conviction of that has actually grown. We have, through careful analysis and observation, we’ve seen inventory digestion accelerate at our largest direct customers across the board and across all the various segments that we support. And we’re continuing to reduce our channel inventories as well. So I think very encouragingly, even with normalized lead times, as we’ve said, we’re shipping that kind of 95% of customer requests within a quarter, which is very, very normal. We saw against that backdrop, a sharp drop in cancellations, and though the book-to-bill was below unity in the fourth quarter. We did see our bookings improve sequentially. So that gives us a lot of confidence as to what’s going on. Regarding Automotive, I’m not sure, by the way. The automotive – the assumption you’re making is that there could be a double-digit drop in Automotive. I’m not sure about that because we know that cars are consuming about 10% more silicon per year. And in fact, we continue to grow in share and ASP in the car. So my own sense is that against what could be a very challenging macro backdrop during 2024, that of all the elements of our portfolio, automotive, we expect will fare best of them all. And we still have pretty strong confidence that we’ll grow in 2024.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, I think it’s – Vivek, thank you for the question. It’s one quarter at a time here. What I will say contextually is that we expect the inventory overhang to have been depleted by the start of our third quarter, which is in May of next year. So, we still remain pretty confident about that, given the dynamics that I just outlined. But the other parts of the cycle that we’re really – I think everybody is seeing pressure from is the macroeconomic climate and particularly the decline of semi business in China. So that’s the piece. I mean that is the piece that isn’t well understood. But all that said, the macro will be the governor on what happens in the second half of the year. And I think another quarter or so will give us a lot more confidence in terms of what is possible in the second half. But I will let Jim answer as well give you some particular statistics to underpin our assumptions here.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Joe. So look, I think overall, the pricing of our existing portfolio is very, very resilient, very stable. And I think something to note as well is that every new generation of product that we build is capturing more value. And – so if you look at the legacy, it’s very stable. You look at the legacy franchise. We’ve got tremendous stability. We’re capturing more new value per new socket. And I don’t see any particular change. And we, as a company, play at the high end of the performance curve, which enables us to get this innovation premium that is a very, very critical part of our gross margin structure and our revenue growth. And our job is to continue to invest to make sure that we stay on the cutting edge and get well rewarded for that. We fight very, very intensely at the inception of new designs. But as I said in the prepared remarks, Joe, we’re seeing generally speaking, our pipeline of new product design wins as well as the more established products continue to grow quarter-by-quarter, year-over-year. So I feel confident that the pricing that we have managed to increase over the last couple of years, 2.5 years that they’re about to reflect the increased cost of goods. We’ll hold those prices. So overall, we’re bullish about where we are and what the pricing environment holds in the future.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So, let me – good morning, Tore, let me add a couple of piece of color to what Jim has just said. So, most of ADI’s revenue today is built on process technologies that are 180 nanometers [ph] and above. Now in digital technology terms, that’s a very, very old process technology. That’s more than 25-years-old in terms of its currency. But in the analog space, that is still a very contemporary process node, so more than 70 – a little more than 70% of our revenue today is produced on process technologies at 180 nanometers and above. And as Jim said, we have gone through a major internal expansion to give us more flexibility and agility in terms of where and how we manufacture those process technologies. And we are making all these investments that we have made on the internal fabs of 200-millimeter wafers. So, the tool chains are less expensive, and we are able to get tremendous return on investment over many, many decades on the investments that we are making. So – and I think below that, for the, let’s say, at the final line geometry nodes, we have very, very good alternatives with our external partners who are in a very, very really important piece of how we make the hybrid manufacturing model work. So, anything that is kind of 90 nanometers and below, it’s 300-millimeter wafers, and we secure that production with multiple sources across the globe.
Vincent Roche: Tim and your question on the days of inventory, I would say our pre-COVID target was 120, we are close to 190 today. I think both of them are going to be wrong when all the dust settles, but we will re-up you on kind of the long-term inventory days model at a future call. And with that…
Vincent Roche: Good Tim. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. Thanks for joining the call. I appreciate your interest in ADI and have a great Thanksgiving.
Jim Mollica: Yes, Stacy, it’s Jim. Let me take that. Let me the margin one first, and then I will talk about the OpEx for the quarter. There is many inputs. There is many levers to the gross margin. There is revenue that’s priced, there is mix as factory loading utilization levels. And let me just try to unpack that a bit. Vince mentioned on the pricing side, basically, that’s stable. So, that’s not a drag to gross margins as we move forward. On the revenue side, basically, we are down – the midpoint of our first quarter guide on a 13-week basis is down, approaching 30% from our previous peak. So, basically revenue is a headwind for us there. Mix basically is unfavorable as well. As you heard in my prepared remarks, industrial was down 19% and 20% last quarter on a year-over-year and sequential basis, and that will be down again in first quarter. So, mix is a headwind for us. When you put all those puts and takes together, we would expect basically gross margin will fall below 70% in the first half of the year at these trough levels. I think if you think about something in the 68% to 69% range, is probably a good range for this trough revenue range. So, that’s kind of the gross margin. On the OpEx side, as I mentioned, our 4Q OpEx basically was down about $60 million on a sequential basis. This was the combination of reducing discretionary spend and of course, a much lower variable comp. Looking into 1Q, we expect that to be down again even with the extra week. And it’s fair to say that probably you can think about 1% to 2% there. This reduction relates to the actions that we structurally took to reduce OpEx as well as a lower typical seasonal spend in 1Q as well. We don’t guide 2Q, but just to give you a sense there, when you look at 2Q, it’s probably best to compare that to the 4Q, which was a like 13 to 13-week comparison. And when you are looking at 4Q ‘23 versus 2Q ‘24, given some of the structural modest reductions we had made, we would expect OpEx in 2Q to be down a few percent from the 4Q operating levels, so I hope that helps.
Jim Mollica: Yes. Chris, I think just a couple of points there. Vince talked about at the trough revenue, gross margins in the 68% to 69% range, gross margins at 70% for the year, I think that was the first part of your question as well. A lot of that will depend upon when the demand comes back in terms of – so we don’t really guide for the year, but that’s probably dependent upon revenue coming back to a more normal level. Let me just add a few points, though. We are – utilization levels basically brought them down in 4Q, we are going to bring them down again in 1Q. You see the inventory reduction of $70 million in 4Q, which was a little bit better than I think we guided last quarter, you are going to expect that inventory to be reduced at a similar level in 1Q and again in 2Q. And what we are also doing now is we are activating our hybrid manufacturing strategy. So, we are actually swinging wafers from external back in-house, which moderates the factory load, which gives a little bit of a cushion on that gross margin side as well. So, just a little bit more color as what you can expect for us in the second quarter here.
Jim Mollica: Hey Timothy, let me take that. Just to be clear, let me kind of we step that back what I have said. So basically, inventory in fourth quarter was down $70 million, and that was on a quarter-on-quarter compare. That was almost all at the finished goods level. In 1Q, we plan to take inventory down by a similar amount. And then we will do that again in 2Q. That’s on a dollar basis, not on a days basis, just to be clear there. So, over the course of three quarters, fourth quarter and the first half of ‘24, we expect inventory to be down in the $200 million plus range for that. In terms of the channel, as I mentioned, we are – our sell-in to the channel is lower than our sell-through. And in the fourth quarter, that was – it was in the $50 million range. And I would probably expect probably a similar number there in first quarter, yes. And with that…
