Paresh Maniar: Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome everyone to our Fiscal Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I’d like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call. And in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I’d like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the quarter, Maxim’s corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, investment analysts, the media and others. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company’s business are contained in the company’s SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2011. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SEC’s fair disclosure requirements, we made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today’s call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. I will now pass the call over to Bruce.
Paresh Maniar: That is the end of our prepared comments; we would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for question.
Paresh Maniar: Jonathan, we will make that the last question. This concludes Maxim’s conference call. We’d like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Paresh. I will review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was $591 million, down 7% from the first quarter. All end markets were down equally. Our revenue mix by major market in Q2 was approximately 41% for consumer, 26% industrial, 17% communications and 16% computing. Our consumer market declined due to normal year end inventory management. Our industrial, communication and computing markets were down due to overall industry weakness. Gross margin excluding special items was 60.5%, down approximately three points from the prior quarter due to lower utilization and higher inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin were intangible asset amortization and inventory write up post some acquisitions. Operating expenses excluding special items were $223 million, flat with Q1. Salary expense increased due to the 14th week, but was offset by lower acquisition and mass expenses. Special items in Q2 operating expenses were primarily restructuring charges and intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Q2 GAAP operating income excluding special items was $135 million or 23% of revenue. The Q2 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 26% compared to 23% in the prior quarter, which benefited from certain discrete items. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.34 down from $0.46 in Q1 due to lower revenue and gross margin. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter cash flow from operations was $249 million or 42% of revenue. Inventory declined to 91 days from 100 days in the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel excluding catalog distributors declined significantly to 56 days from 67 days in the prior quarter. In dollar terms, channel inventory declined by 16%. Net capital expenditures totaled $77 million in Q2 as we invested in long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. As a result, free cash flow was $183 million or 31% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $72 million in Q2 as we bought back2.9 million shares. Finally, in Q2, we paid $64 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $56 million in the second quarter to $817 million. Moving onto guidance. Our beginning Q3 backlog is $365 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue of $555 million to $585 million or down 1% to 6% from Q2. This is consistent with our current mix of businesses. Q3 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 57% to 60%, down from our normal range due to lower projected revenue and associated lower utilization. Other variables that may influence Q3 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Based on the increasing bookings and lower inventory levels both internal and in the channel, we expect gross margin to return to its normal range above 60% after utilizations increased. Special items in Q3 gross margin are estimated at $9 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential restructuring activities in Q3. Q3 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be down 3% to 4% sequentially, in line with the revenue decline. The decline in OpEx is due primarily to lower salary as Q2 was a 14 week quarter, and to a lower bonus accrual due to lower profitability. Special items in Q3 operating expenses are estimated at $7 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential restructuring and divestiture activity in Q3. Our Q3 tax rate excluding special items is estimated from 26% to 28%. For Q3, GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.25 to $0.29. Capital expenditures in Q3 are expected to be flat to down over Q2, but still reflect investments and manufacturing capacity expansions, and new headquarters in Dallas facilities. Due to these same items, we expect FY ’12 CapEx to be above our business model of 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect FY ’13 CapEx to return to our business model. Finally, our Board of Directors approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.22 per share, approximately a 3.2% yield at yesterday’s closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. Utilization were clearly down in Q2, they were actually at about 72%, down from 89% in Q1. And as you know, Romit, there is about a one quarter lag with an unfavorable variances rollout over the current quarter and the next quarter. From a utilization point of view, when we look at Q3, Q3 fab utilizations are looking flat right now. They may be up depending on the – if we see some continued strength of bookings. But what we’re seeing here is, for industrial products the utilizations are increasing with the improvement in the business. On the consumer side, for those products, kind of a – there is a shift in demand from our older products, which are primarily build internally to our newer products, which are primarily built a foundries. And so, we’re ramping increased internal production of our newer products starting in Q4. So that should help out as well. So when we get into Q4, we think utilization should be up. On the test side, utilizations are increasing in both Q3 and Q4. So based on that, it’s difficult to call exactly when the margins will get back over 60%, obviously it will be shortly after utilizations increase. However, if the bookings momentum continues as we’re seeing right now, it’s our expectation that Q3 will be the bottom for gross margins.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, it's really just the utilizations. I mean, if you look at the – back in September, OpEx was $223 million, based on where we’ve guided Q3, OpEx is about $215 million. So we’ve have done a good job of managing our OpEx from that point of view. So really what happened is, in September the gross margin was at 63.7%, and that's when we had utilizations at 89%. So since those utilizations have come down, gross margin has come down, as utilizations come back up, we're clearly seeing strength in the business from a bookings point of view, we're at low levels of inventory both internally and in the channel. We expect utilizations to come back up. So I think it's a gross margin story, I think it’s just due to the lower utilizations, and I think we're seeing those numbers coming back up. The other point just to highlight from a gross margin story, as we expected or we’re worried about kind of going into the quarter now with inventory reserves, and we did see about a point impact in the second quarter due to higher inventory reserves, which as you know is due to kind of the 12 month forecast looking forward, and that's done in the December quarter. And so, our business unit folks are usually a little conservative during the downturn. So we ended up with a higher inventory reserve in the second quarter.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So, okay, let me first answer the second question you asked. From my point view, technologically, it’s a little bit early to integrate that function right now. We need to get some more experience with our discreet single chip designs before we actually put them into a power SoC. So that shouldn’t really be expected in the near future. In terms of our performance in the touch controller market design wins and so on, we’ve really had a quite a few starts and fits in that market. So I really think that, since it’s developing much slower than we anticipated, until we have revenue, we really don't want to discuss any details about customers or design wins. We’ve done this in the past ones and designs, some of those programs got cancelled or delayed significantly. And I think, we’ve sent signals out that we probably should not have. So I feel a bit humbled about this, but we’ll wait for the revenue to pick up before we comment more.James Schiro – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understand. Thanks so much for the color.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Well, this was the first one that we’ve done, first of all. So we’re kind of getting experienced in this area. I don’t think this is going to be a significant activity in the company. We look at the items that you mentioned, but the most important item for us is to make sure that we have enough resources in the product lines that we want to be in, and it can be a major force in the product lines that we want to be in. And not really be a small player in some of these other product lines, even though they might be quite profitable. So the short answer is, we look at the growth prospects with the amounts of investment that we have in a particular product line. And if we see that we need to invest a lot more, then we decide that it might be better to take those resources and really invest and focus them on the product lines that will show more growth opportunity for us. But I don’t think you should really model this because we’re not really in the business of divesting product lines. We did this because it seems like it was the right thing to do, and it was the right thing to do, both for our customers because they did continue to get support. It was the right thing to do for our employees, as well. Because they would find homes in another company where it’s a major focus product line, rather being a small one in our company. But in no way, I think should you model this is something that we’re going to do vast amounts in the future. We might do one or two here and there, but not really big ones.Craig Ellis – Caris & Co.: Got it. Thanks for the color you talked to us. 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, so this is Bruce. So as I indicated in my comments, DOI actually declined from 67 days to 56, and the absolute dollars in the channel declined significantly by 16%. And I think that was the right thing to get those, to kind to get the inventory levels in place. Overall, existing revenue for us was actually down inline with the kind of the corporate decline of around 6%, 7%. I think most importantly it is kind of the forward-looking trend in that. Resales were actually up 1% in the quarter from what was a little surprising for us. We thought it was going to be a little weaker, and we saw some good strength at the end of the quarter, at the end of December as resales started to pick up. End market bookings were up 10%, and bookings on Maxim were up 23%. So all of the indicators are that, this is a channel that reduced inventory significantly over the last couple of quarter, and now we are seeing momentum from the end customers from a bookings point of view, from a resales point of view. And so we expect that to start to recover. The 56 days, I mean we like to be at above 65 days, that’s where our customers prefer to run their business at. So I think there is some opportunity there for restocking in the channel.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah. I mean clearly there is about – the benefits of those increases in utilizations are spread over the current quarter and the following quarter. And so, you’re right that we expect to see, as utilizations go up, we’ll see those improvements in gross margin. As we indicated – if the current bookings momentum continues, we actually expect Q3 to be the bottom from a gross margin point of view, and we should be able to see improvement in gross margin in Q4 as well as the first fiscal quarter.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I mean, it’s always hard to figure that out exactly, but certainly we’ve seen end market bookings increase. In the December quarter they were up 10%. And we’ve seen that trend continue in January, strengthen the end market booking, so that would be an indicator that it’s end market demand. We’ve also seen as we’ve said, kind of the bookings on Maxim increase substantially as well. So I think it’s going to be a combination of the two, as we get the days back over 60 towards the mid-60s range. But we’re also, I think the reason that – these have started to increase their orders on us, but I think they’re feeling much more confident about the end market demand.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: That’s just the aggregate fiscal year. Our normal model is 5% to 7%, we’ve achieved that, I think the last three years. This year with the investment that Tunç mentioned as far as our newest process technology and making sure we have a balance both internally and externally. We’ve been making those investments in the September and the December quarter as well as the new facilities here in Sunnyvale and in Dallas. That’s what’s going to increase above that 5% to 7%, probably in the high single digits it might go into the low double digit. But then when we look out to fiscal ’13, we expect to be back within our long-term model.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, it’s actually easy Tore because it’s pretty much all utilization. From a mixed point of view, we’re not seeing too much of a delta there. From an inventory reserve, we’ll probably get a little bit of a benefit there, but there is some other kind of puts and takes on that. So the primary driver is the utilization.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, I think if your question is, when will we complete these projects? We’re expecting the majority of these projects to be completed this fiscal year. In our Dallas facility, they’re actually starting to move in this weekend. In the Sunnyvale facility, I think the date is May, a lot of the CapEx on the new S18 capacity in San Antonio has been spent. And as Tunç says, we’re just in the process right now of qualifying and ramping up production, which is expected in the fourth quarter. So from a CapEx point of view a fair amount that has been spent, there will be some. All right, we’re continuing to look at the investments in our Oregon Fab as well and some of that was spill over a little bit into FY’13, but in general if you sort of look what we’ve spent so far today, we’ve been running probably around 10% or so, 10% of revenue. And depending on the timing, we’ll probably come close to that for the fourth quarter as well. And therefore, that’s were we’ll see, we’ll probably end up right in that kind of high single digits or low double digits for the year.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So in the quarter, distribution was 28% of revenue. Prior to the downturn of industrial the last couple of quarters, distribution was running over 30% of revenue and that compares to kind of a [pre-adamant] relationship, we were probably running under 25% of revenue. So we’ve seen a significant improvement there. Probably the best data point to show that was our fiscal year ’11 where we grew 24% as a company. That was a very good year. Our distribution business grew 43% year-over-year. So that market – that strategy continues to do well, some of our leading indicators the number of new customers that we’ve got into our design registration program has exceeded over 3,000 new customers at this point in time. We’re starting to see material revenue coming from that design registration program where they go and find new customers for us. So I think most of the, kind of the leading edge metrics for our distribution strategy continue to be positive.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Hi, Terence. Terence this is Bruce, I just want to add. As well with these large customers right, the ability to kind of take a holistic approach, right and really from a design product definition point of view through execution, through supply chain management, quality assurance manufacturing. All of those things that are required to be successful, that large customers clearly that discipline in those processes we put in place, help us with all of our customers. Right, and these are significant improvements we’ve made over the, probably the last three to five years and that’s benefited us across the board.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So it about 37% in the December quarter and now it was about, about half of that was in consumer and the other half was kind of equally split between compute, comm and industrial.
Tunç Doluca: Well, from a recovery standpoint, we are seeing some similar results in terms of our revenue ticking up. Three points to really make here that are important. First of all, we too have experienced a meaningful bookings upturn since December, pretty much in line with what some of our peers have been saying. Number two, polling of our major customers indicates inventories are pretty much depleted both in the distribution channels and at our customers. Number three, cancellations are at historically normal levels. So all of those are indications that our customers are going to start buying product from us and getting back to the consumption level. So from our viewpoint, we see the demand definitely recovering from December and January to date. However, our product mix is different from many of our peers, so differences in timing are expected, and I’m not surprised by it. For instance, our mobility business is quite significant compared to some of the peer companies that we compete with. And in general, Romit, we are seeing what other people are seeing, and we believe that we’re returning to our normal seasonality. If you look at historically, our Q3 or March quarter has got big swings in it, but it has been typically down in Q3. The average is about 5% down. So a little bit better than that actually in our guidance. And Q4 is usually a stronger quarter for us. So we’ll kind of see how it goes, but we are cautiously optimistic.
Tunç Doluca: Sure. So let me just summarize it, so we’re all on the same page in the call here. So what we basically said that we were seeing strength in our utility meter market, we’re seeing strength in automotive market. However, some of the other industrial segments like medical is expected to be slightly down, and other segments are kind of very widespread. So it’s kind of really hard to say exactly which one of those segments is showing some weakness. But my view is that, these other markets that have not quite recovered yet are going to recover just like everybody else. But exactly how, when that’s going to happen, we’re not that sure. But I can surely tell you that the order levels and bookings were pretty much up in most of the markets in industrial. So I think this inventory correction that we’ve seen looks like its hit its bottom, at least hopefully in this quarter.
Tunç Doluca: Sure. So for the Chinese customers, our initial design wins are really with products that are really not very high in average selling prices. And the revenue ramps should be pretty much in the near future, meaning this year sometime. They’re new in this market and how successful they will be only time can show us. So we’re forecasting revenues for them. But I should say that we’re being cautious in our forecast, because how successful they are will depend on how good those models are. And we don’t quite have full visibility to be able to figure out what kind of features they have, and how accepted they will be by our customers.
Tunç Doluca: No, they will not be. I mean we – as in almost all of our markets we’re really getting into sockets where we really have value to add to our customers, whereas they desire the functionality, space savings, or the power consumption. And when they evaluate, we get the proper pricing and the proper value and margins for our products.
Tunç Doluca: I see. So, if the major or highest volume customers, we were integration more and more functions especially into our PMICs and into our power SoC products. So they’re getting more massive and more functionality per chip. So in general, the content or average selling prices are going up, and are expected to go up this year.
Tunç Doluca: I’d rather keep those as proprietary information, and not really reveal that. We don’t want to do it for our own safe, but we also don’t want to do it because our customers don’t like us doing that.
Tunç Doluca: Well, logic would say that you can’t have a major disconnect for a very long time, otherwise you’re going to run into all kinds of capacity issues with all the data demands that come from these smartphones that are growing at tremendous rates every year. In general what we believe is going to happen in the future is that, what we call macro base stations or a traditional base station that’s known today. It’s going to probably give some way to smaller base stations that really, especially in metro areas elevate the capacity requirements. And these are called micro base stations, there is all kinds of names and/or Femto stations even all the way to the consumer. So we believe that, that’s an area that’s going to grow in the future, and that might be a way to really increase the capacity with our installing a very large amount of macro or large cells. So we expect that to be a trend in the future.
Tunç Doluca: Yeah, I think. Let me add something to that. One of the most important things that I think Bruce did say in his prepared comments was that, the way we’re going to improve utilizations is going to be twofold, one is obviously the booking strength continues in industrial. So that will load up some of our fabs that are – I would call our older fabs. But we’re also working on our news technology, which is as Bruce said, mostly sourced by our strategic foundry partners. And we’re working to quickly qualify that process in our internal fabs as well. And by the way, that also is a reason why our capital spending is high right now, so that we can have this flexibility in being able to move these technologies between our internal fabs and our strategic foundry partners. So there’s really two things that needed to happen, and one of them is controlled by us – by us being able to qualify the process, the new process. And the other one is controlled by the demand of our older industrial products. So those things did line up, then what Bruce said is going to happen.
Tunç Doluca: Yeah, one other item, also the test facility is expected to be completed by the end of this quarter as well, so…
Tunç Doluca: Sure. I don’t have the number right in front of me. But it is substantial, I believe it’s around $800 million a quarter right now. So the benefit obviously of our strategic foundry partners is that, these are some large digital fabs which have significant capacity, and they’ve been tremendous as we’ve seen a current example, as we’ve some very strong acceptance or continued acceptance for consumer products in our newest process technologies. And so, our strategic foundry partners have – we acted very quick, and we’ve able to meet those upsides that we’ve seen. And so, I think that the model continues to work as planned.
Tunç Doluca: Yeah actually, while Bruce was talking, I found the numbers. They’re – what it looks like is about $900 million actually in terms of equipment capacity. This is total by the way, internal plus our foundry partners.
Tunç Doluca: In terms of our lead times, the lead times that we are capable of quoting to our customers actually have come down slightly from last quarter. It’s about six – little below six weeks now. Our customers are still ordering, and a longer lead time than that. So we’re not in a rush order situation as of yet. But if the bookings strengthen more, depending on the mix, we might have some. We have sufficient capacity, so it’s really a matter of how much ahead of our manufacturing cycle time we get, heads up on when to start wafers for a particular demand. So right now, there is – at Maxim there is no queues or no excess wait times for any orders.
Tunç Doluca: Well, most of these are new design wins. And frankly, it’s really tough to estimate how many of these new models, each of these customers are going to sell. So forward-looking, it’s very difficult to say how our mix is going to change by customer. You can see how quickly market shares shift in that market if you just watch it for a year, it’s just very rapidly. And not only that, within each company, even they have difficulty predicting which model is going to win. And since we don’t have 100% of the sockets with these new customers in terms of different models, it really is very tough for us, correct to be able to predict how much we’re going to diversify the business. But obviously, one of our goals is to make sure that we’ve got multiple customers for these products and we’ve been working at that. But I am afraid, I won’t be able to tell who – well, how it’s going to distribute between these new customers that we won versus the ones that we already have as mainstream for us.
Tunç Doluca: So in terms of competition in the handset market, obviously, it is a large target for our major competitors. There is significant competition at the block level designs, but that was to be expected. That’s why most of our business continues to shift to more highly integrated parts where we do enjoy the advantage of having fewer competitors in the market. Our main competitors and most of these customers continue to be clearly the base band and where they make it, the application processor companies. And then maybe a couple of other companies that really have shown that – especially, at the low-end they can make some of these products, meaning, less levels of integration. So I guess the summary is, there is some competition, but it’s not that large as of yet. In distribution, we’ve a very good result in the last year. I think in terms of the numbers, I don’t have those in front of me, so I’m going to let Bruce answer those for you.
Tunç Doluca: Okay. So first of all, I want to make sure that I’m not confirming that you said, I don’t think we’ve ever given out numbers on how larger the sales we have on our top customers. So I think that we’re growing at these customers, so obviously, we have talked about that and you can see it in our relative high growth of our handset business. From a technology standpoint, clearly, for those types of products, we do have to develop newer technologies at a fast pace. And we definitely have programs to be able to do that. Those technologies are also major differentiators for Maxim’s why we keep it in-house. But definitely you are right, it is something that we talk about, discuss and make plans for. And this applies both to process technology for wafers as well as packaging technology because all of those push the edges of the envelope. The good thing is that is a challenge, obviously that we have to be on that treadmill. But it’s also a big benefit because those technologies eventually give us an advantage in other markets as well because they form the basis of similar technologies that, either going to come and be needed by other markets, such as communications and industrial after a while. So it is a more difficult technology challenge to master, but that’s why we are here. I mean we have to master those challenges, so that we can stay ahead of our competitors and grow the business. And as I said there is definitely a benefit to our other product lines and other market segments as well.
Tunç Doluca: So on the general commentary on our product development and ramp cycles, these products are, some of the new ones are fairly complex. They are all the way up to 200 IOs for power management IC. And the development times are fairly short for products like that. But you’re still look at a year or over to design these products in Maxim, and then the ramp-up times really are relatively fast. So within – between the time we announce the product and it’s reaching at steady state revenue, it takes anywhere from six months to a year. So you can see that that’s quite rapid compared to our typical market. And they have product life’s that depending on how specific it is to a phone line, they have product life’s of a few years, I’d say maybe a couple of years or so. So it’s pretty rapid pace to get the design and then to win and then eventually you have to replace it with something else.
