Vincent Roche: Yes. I think we're able to talk about market share gains in several sectors, Craig. And if I just go to the industrial sector, for example, I think we've talked before about aerospace and defense being an area of increasing opportunity, system complexity and the place where we're able to combine the rich portfolio of the Hittite Microwave technologies with ADI's mixed signal. And we're seeing continued digitalization in that space, fleet upgrades, and we're benefiting from that enormously. And also in automation, just the sheer breadth of what we have and the focus that we've had over the last several years in tuning the R&D portfolio, resteering our sales force globally into making sure that we keep our leadership position at the large customers is benefiting enormously the whole growth story. Also, with the combination of LTC, as you know, the market overlaps were quite high between LTC and ADI. But the actual areas where our sales forces were playing were pretty complementary. So we're gaining, I think, at the large customers, the small customers with more breadth and depth in terms of portfolio than we've ever had. If you look at the communication sector, I think, again, we're starting to see the benefit now of the -- particularly in the wireless area of the codesign products with Hittite combined with ADI's, again, strength on the mixed-signal side in traditional macro base stations. Our integrated transceivers are becoming, if you like, the standard now for massive MIMO developments in these hybrid macro small-cell systems, where phased-array antenna systems are being used with traditional antenna systems. So our software-defined transceiver is really the standard, the benchmark now in that sector. And as the trials begin for massive MIMO and 5G, we're in virtually all those trials globally. So I think those are just 2 -- some subsets in the industrial area and particularly in the wireless area in communications where we have demonstrable gains, I believe, in market share. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I'll add another one, Ambrish. The internal fabs are the largest supply line for our industrial business. And what we're seeing there, of course, is the book-to-bill is positive and has been now for several quarters. And as Prashanth said, we're eager to make sure that we keep our lead times at a level where we can supply the upside demand here. So I think that's worth considering when you think about why we kept our internal fabs running at a higher clip than we would normally do for the first quarter. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it tends to take 3 years. There's -- given the multiple recipes that we have in our foundries and the back-end operations, it does tend to take about 3 years typically, and that's what I believe will be the case with the LTC Singapore and Milpitas closures as well. Our job #1 is to make sure that we keep our service and quality levels high for our customers across the many thousands of customers and hundreds and hundreds of applications and, as I said, the myriad recipes that we've done. So it will take most likely 3. But obviously, we're trying to push as hard as we can for the efficiencies to kick in earlier. But that's the rule of thumb, 3 years. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So thank you. Well, look, our 2Q guidance would imply that consumer will be down somewhere in the region of 10% quarter-on-quarter on a 13-week basis and down about again 10% on a year-over-year basis. So our expectations remain unchanged. We believe that 2018 will be down meaningfully over '17 in terms of at least the portable consumer revenue. And the first half is now shaping up within the range of our expectations. And we're expecting weakness in the second half on an annual basis. So the number we've given you of a 20% to 30% overall decline in the business still stands. And as I said, that's driven by our portable business, our prosumer AV, the audio/video nonportable side of things, is in good shape and continues to grow for the company. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question. So let me parse the business a bit for you. So we have roughly a $900 million automotive business today across the combination of ADI and LT. ADI is roughly 2/3 of that; LT, 1/3. The ADI portion of that business has been growing in line with the 2x to 3x SAAR target. And in 2017, that part of our business grew in the high single digits and also in the first quarter of '18. As Mike said in one of the prior answers, our automotive business is actually better than seasonal, typically, year-over-year in the first quarter. So the ADI portion is growing high single digits and the LT piece is growing in the low single digits. But we believe, given the opportunity pipe that we're seeing and the opportunity pipe that we inherited from LT, that even though the LT part of the business is growing more modestly, that over the coming couple of years, at least the power piece of that will get into the higher single-digit area at least into the model. And everywhere that -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we use a rule of thumb that for every dollar of mixed signal or legacy ADI Hittite content, there's at least $1 of LT power. I will tell you as well that we're already starting to see revenue synergies on the LT side. We're winning designs for power management. And as we kind of retune the business logic on the LT side and we tune the organization and the business for profitable growth, we're already beginning to see the start of synergies there. The BMS sector, well, we've said before that was a trouble spot for ADI in 2017, the battery management area. But it has stabilized and is now in the recovery phase. So we're expecting to be able to grow the battery management part of our business in double digits this year. And as I said, that is at the beginning phases of what I think will be a strong recovery during the second quarter. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. I think, primarily, we as a company pay very careful attention to the end consumption. We look at sell-through in measuring the performance of our business, not what we ship into the channel, but what we sell through and what customers are consuming. So I would say first and foremost, that's the case. When you look at the backdrop, our market growth is very broad based, and all applications and geographies are up in double digits year-over-year. So again, you look at the PMIs, they're still in expansion phase globally. And GDP is converging across the globe across all the major geographies into an expansionary phase. So also, we pay a lot of attention to what our customers are saying. And I would tell you that our customers across the board and all the regions are pragmatically optimistic. And their belief, given the macro environment, the macro backdrop, the PMI situation and the vast deployment of high-end machinery into the Asia region in particular, that '18 is going to be another good year and that we'll see momentum continue from '17, which we are experiencing right now. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. I think we as a company retooled our strategy several years ago and primarily decided that we were focusing ADI's investments in the B2B space and pointing our sales force at the B2B area. Industrial is one of the first calls on our R&D. And the crop of products, I think, we have now is the strongest that it's ever been. So we are getting more content gain across all our industrial customers, both big and small. And I will tell you as well that in the areas of aerospace and defense and instrumentation, the combination with Hittite has really -- that's catalyzed content gain, and I think we're able to solve our customers' problems at a level that others can't in these areas. We're able to take a complete system, be it nanowatts to kilowatts, sensor to cloud, microwave to bits. So I think a large part is the sheer arsenal of technologies and products that we've got and we bring to bear, the focus that we've got as a company and how we're serving our customers' needs, being able to build more complete solutions for them. And we do that globally. And as I mentioned earlier, the combination of the LT sales and applications force with ADI just strengthens our position and enables us to cover evermore customers. So I think it's a case of converging, innovation engine working well. Our customer engagements are stronger than they've ever been. And we've been focused and making sure that we are able to gain share and build competitive advantage now for several years in the industrial area. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, look, there's many, many different subapplications within the aerospace and defense area. And I would say the recent history and the prognosis for those sectors remain strong in terms of the digitalization, fleet upgrades, for example, in the aerospace area. And we've highlighted in past conversations the area of these phased-array antenna systems, digitalizing the old analog radar systems used in civil and commercial aircraft systems. The content gain there goes from -- we believe, the SAM goes from probably $100,000 in the past to probably $2 million in the future, somewhere in between, depending on the types of architectures and deployments. So the upside demand we're seeing for these phased-array systems and the opportunity is very, very compelling. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. So as a reminder, we no longer give guidance at the segment level, so we did not provide that for the first quarter. We did provide some broad indications on how B2B would do versus consumer. But now that the results are actual, Mike can kind of walk you through how each of the B2B segments -- each of the components of our B2B did on a year-over-year basis, which across the board were very good. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, okay. Thanks, Ambrish. Thanks for the question. So inventory was up 2% or about $9 million quarter-over-quarter. Most of that $9 million was built for the B2B markets, and that was driven by a strategic decision we made to keep the production levels sort of commensurate with the bookings idea, bookings outlook that we had driven by, one, making sure that we can maintain the high levels of customer service that are needed and to target our lead times sort of in that 4- to 6-week range. The -- like everyone looks at inventory levels as an indicator or as a canary in the coal mine of what demand looks like, and I would say that all the other indicators we're following remain very green. Our book-to-bill is above parity, both with and without consumer. Lead times remain stable, and we see no change in cancellation activity. Part of that $9 million was a small but relatively immaterial amount due to an accounting policy that we harmonized between LTC and ADI. But in general, we feel very good about where we are in inventory in light of the demand we see for Q2, and we expect days to decline at a normal pace over the balance of the year. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, absolutely. So free cash flow, we have the hat trick in Q1, 3 items that were sort of buried in there. First, we make our large annual payment to the IRS, so federal taxes were paid in the first quarter. Second, we make our once every 2-year payment for the employee bonus program, and then we also make our once every 2-year payment for our interest debt. So some big outlying -- outgoing items that hit us with some lumpiness. The way to look at cash flow, as we do, is on a trailing 12-month basis, generating $1.8 billion over the last 12 months, continuously very strong expectations on cash flow. The model has not changed. We convert a high amount of the profitability to cash, and you'll see strength there for second quarter in the cash flow number. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Stacy, maybe just a quick comment I would add is that the net result is the 2 closures, but what's going on under the covers is quite a bit of process movement among multiple facilities, internal and external. So you're seeing -- we're talking about the net output. But under the cover, it's a lot more complex than just shutting down the 2 operations. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks. That's a very long question if I wanted to give you a thoughtful answer, but I'll give you a quick item, which I continue to reflect on. The correlation of the ADI business to the B2B markets and the stability that we have in our customer base is something that I'm continuously impressed on. This is not a business that -- given how embedded we are and how close we are to our customers and the broad spread of products that we are incorporated in, I think sometimes, investors don't fully appreciate that we will follow much more closely to a different set of markets than other perhaps semi companies that operate in the digital space, and that's something that we're going to continue to have to help the investor community appreciate as the strength of this business. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Right. So the way to think about the OpEx is that for the -- starting in the second quarter, you'll begin to see the impacts of some of the normal items that flow in, including our merit increases, which start to come in, and the impact of the performance bonus metrics. The second quarter, you'll see is more aligned to where we were in the fourth quarter if you adjust out some of the noise of the 14th week that we had in the first quarter as well as there's some sort of seasonal slowdown of spending that happens in the first quarter. So I would guide you that OpEx in the second quarter, if we put -- we expect kind of be in that -- in the sub-30% of revenue, which we think is a great target for us as we continue to drive the conversion of the cash, so -- conversion of the profit. But nothing more notable really in the OpEx spend. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, thanks for the question. I will just add, book-to-bill is looking very good. Lead times are stable and short, and we also are very conscious of what inventory in the channel is, and it does not give us concern. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks for the question, Harsh. I would -- maybe I'll just wrap up in saying we have a very good process internally on selecting where we choose to invest and where we choose to innovate. And as Vince mentioned in his prepared remarks, you see that paying off by placing the right bets on where we see the secular trends growing at. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Thank you all for joining us this quarter. As always, Mike is available for those of you who are unable to get through on today's Q&A session. Jennifer, we can wrap up the call. 
