Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Jennifer, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Analog Devices' first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. We posted a press release and relating financial schedules on our IR website at investor.analog.com and I'd encourage you to follow along as we go through our results today. Our agenda for this afternoon's call will be as follows. First, I will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results. Then Dave Zinsner, our CFO, will review our financial performance in the first quarter and provide our business outlook for the second quarter. Then Vincent Roche, our President and CEO, will provide closing remarks. And after Vince's comments, we'll open it up for questions. Today's call will include non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted to exclude special items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our historical results and our outlook. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release, which is posted on our Investor Relations webpage. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and our second quarter outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those described in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. Except as required by law, we don't undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us today to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that maybe accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. And with that, let's get to the main program. Revenue in the first quarter came in near the very high-end of our guidance range at $772 million, decreasing 5% sequentially and increasing 23% year over year. Communications infrastructure and consumer applications exceeded our revenue plan while industrial and automotive were about in line with our expectations for the quarter. Revenue from communications infrastructure customers at 26% of sales decreased 4% from the prior quarter, as both wireless and wireline applications decreased sequentially. Communications infrastructure revenues increased 45% year over year and 14% on an organic basis. Consumer revenue at 12% of sales increased 1% sequentially. Within consumer, growth in portable consumer applications offset seasonal revenue declines in the sector. Over the past several years, we have been refocusing our consumer investments around performance-centric prosumer A/V and user experience-centric portable devices. In the first quarter, our consumer business registered its first year-over-year quarterly revenue increase in five years, growing 27% over the prior year's first quarter, which we believe is a good sign that the headwinds we were facing in the sector have abated. The industrial market at 45% of sales performed as expected, decreasing 6% sequentially as a result of fewer business days for ADI, our customers, and our distributors in our January quarter. Compared to the prior year, industrial revenue grew 21% in the first quarter and 11% on an organic basis. The automotive market at 16% of sales decreased 8% sequentially, as car manufacturers took their seasonal production breaks over the holiday period. The long-term trends for the electrification of automobiles remain strong, and ADI is very well positioned across infotainment, powertrain, and safety applications. In total, our core businesses of industrial, communications infrastructure, and automotive represented again 88% of our revenue in the first quarter and have combined for 11% compounded growth over the last five fiscal years and 14% growth in our fiscal 2014. So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the quarter and for our business outlook for the second quarter of 2015. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on our first quarter 2015 P&L line items will exclude special items, which in the aggregate totaled $21 million. When comparing our first quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. So with that, Dave, it's all yours.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jim. And, operator, before we move on to the next question, just a reminder that we'll have everyone try and keep to one question as the call will run until 6:00 and so feel free to re-queue after asking your first question. We'll get to our next caller now.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: And, Dave, not only has the gross margin dropped through at 80%, at the midpoint of guidance, but the operating margin is also around 70% drop-through. So thanks for the question and we'll go to our next caller.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Mark, for ADI, I'd say it's probably effective in our fiscal 2018 here, so we've got plenty of lead-time here to deal with it.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: And I would just add, Deepon, on the small cell thing. A lot of times it comes down to the definition of what's a small cell versus what's a macro. The miniaturization of the macro base station has been happening for several years. In fact, I think if you look at the stats on some of these macros, they're actually placed about 50 meters apart. So do you call that a macro or do you call that a small cell? But in any event, I think our sense is that the small cells in the back half of 2015 should start to layer on top of what we're doing on the base station on the macro side. So overall, it should be a good year for us in comms infrastructure. So with that, let's get to our next question.
Vincent T. Roche: Good question. I think it's largely a case of the headwinds being largely behind. We have been building some core technologies using some of our precision technologies, for example, to develop some new products that will come on stream in the future here particularly in the portable area. But I think it's really a mixture of – I think as I said the headwind is largely behind us and I think we've got some tailwinds now that will propel us through the parts of our business, the two areas that we focus being prosumer, the audio/video prosumer area and the portable area where we've been, I'd say, modestly investing but doing some really exciting things that's have been and will come to fruition in the not-too-distant future here.
Vincent T. Roche: I'd say America has been strong. We're still – everybody is waiting for Europe but I think it's been really a story about America, China, to some extent Japan and Korea. We had some good strength in India as well over the last couple of quarters. And, I think we're expecting China to continue to be reasonably strong at least for the first half of the year in the TV systems. And again, we expect a growth year this year in communications infrastructure for ADI.
Vincent T. Roche: Our job number one for us, Romit, is to make sure that we shelled out a significant amount of money to buy a great asset in Hittite. We are determined to make sure that we create the leverage that we believe is available both on the top line and the margins and in terms of building up a really important $1 billion-plus franchise here for RF and microwave. So that's job number one for us at this point in time.
Vincent T. Roche: For us, it's really about making sure that the combination of ADI and Hittite is capable of creating something greater than the sum of the parts. In other words, we can put our two pieces together and, over time, produce growth that was beyond the reach of both companies separately. So we're well on track, I'm delighted with the response from our customers. We have some great examples just very, very lately in fact where in the communications sector in particular, the Hittite, there's a tremendous vein of really good engineering and technology there that the customer relationships, the breadth of coverage that we have in the channel, that we're bringing Hittite now to places that we had hoped were possible to bring Hittite based on just ADI's scale, depth, and breadth. So I'm very, very pleased so far with what I'm seeing.
Vincent T. Roche: There's a lot of activity. During the past three months or so, we launched Hittite into our channel. So we've gotten the attention of our biggest distributors globally and we've put more than 1,000 product SKUs into the distribution channel. So it will take time. But the response – I've spoken with these distributors myself and the response has been very, very positive to creating leverage and expanding the reach of Hittite across the globe. You know as well I just mentioned that we've seen some terrific evidence of deeper penetration of Hittite, particularly into some of our larger customers as well where the engagements, the combination of ADI's mixed-signal with Hittite's very, very high-performance analog, RF, and microwave technologies, that combination is starting to change the game in terms of the kinds of conversations we're having with our customers. So for example in the instrumentation area, we've gone from competing against each other on product sockets to having a conversation about how that customer manages their frequency plan across their entire product portfolio. One of the very large routing companies is working with us on some very advanced technologies that Hittite has brought us in particularly the cable area. So there's lots of empirical evidence that the combination of the pieces and ADI's just breadth and coverage of customers globally is making a difference there.
Vincent T. Roche: Yeah, good question, Vivek. So automotive for ADI, 2014 was actually a strong year for automotive for ADI. We grew at three times the SAAR and have done so also over the last four years or so. So 2014 was a good year. I believe 2015 will be a growth year for ADI. We believe that the long-term projection for this business I think we said publicly should be that we can grow this business at a minimum of twice the rate of SAAR and I think the business as has been in the past is capable of growing three times the rate of SAAR. So it's a very sizable business for ADI now. We've done well in the past. I believe it's a terrific growth opportunity for ADI in the future. I mean that said, it's a lumpy business to some extent given that there is really probably 10, 15, 20 customers that really matter, big programs that tend to last a long time. So I think the way to look at it is that some years we will achieve 3x, some years we won't. So – but I think overall, you've got to look at this business over the long-term. We've been increasing our investments. We've got terrific diversity now in terms of customers, products, and there's a lot of new things happening in automotive in terms of safety systems. We've got some exciting new technologies that we've been introducing as well into the real technology purveyors out there in terms of things like noise cancellation, infotainment, powertrain. So I think the future is going to be very, very bright for the industry and for ADI.
Vincent T. Roche: Yeah, it's a good question, Tore. We've been, generally speaking, increasing R&D in the industrial space over the last several years. We've been strengthening and broadening the portfolio, the signal processing portfolio. So I think we are making our basic products and technologies more attractive to our customers, the industrial customers. We've also, incidentally, been increasing the footprint of our field operation in terms of selling an applications resource over the last five or seven years, developing the relationships, building the engagements at the engineering level. So I think we're in a good position in terms of products that we've got the coverage that we've got in the industrial space. And also, our customers – as I said in the prepared remarks there, many of our industrial customers are asking us to get more involved in helping them instrument the sense to be able to create information for them and communicate information about machine health, for example. So my sense is both in terms of the things we are doing organically as a company and what the market will enable ADI to do, it will be a bright future. I think also, in the instrumentation area with the addition of Hittite, we're able to do new things in the microwave sector and instrumentation, in aerospace and defense, for example, as well. And I think everybody is expecting a lot from the energy sector and it's been lumpy. It's based on regulation and government mood and so on and so forth, but it's an area where we've got some good technology on the metering side, on the communications side, and we have a broad portfolio of products that sell into the transmission and distribution of electricity as well. So – but I think in terms of being able to create leverage here I think automation is going to be strong for ADI, particularly strong, and as I said the high-frequency part of instrumentation I think is going to be good for the company as well.
Vincent T. Roche: This is another area where we've been investing heavily in increasing ADI's reach across the radio subsystem over the past number of years. So as we've said several times, our content from generation to generation has grown, and that is the case in, for example, 4G today as well where we're getting somewhere between 20% and 30% more BOM value per 4G radio subsystem. And also ADI in terms of diversity of that radio application is stronger today than it's ever been.
Vincent T. Roche: Yeah, well, the design activity has been tremendously successful for ADI. We've been working hard on building a set of transceiver technologies that are highly integrated in terms of the RF and the mixed-signal chains. And as I said, we've great design in coverage across the globe. And it's my expectation that somewhere in the late part of this year into next year we'll start to see it become a meaningful portion of the business assuming that the rollouts take place at the rate we expect. It's hard for me to give you an exact prediction in terms of what proportion of our revenue, but I think it's true to say that from what our customers are telling us and what the carriers believe that the deployments will begin in the second half of this year in earnest some time. So when they happen, we'll benefit very, very well I believe.
Vincent T. Roche: Just add to what Dave has said there, Craig. So we're not interested in a business as you know that hasn't got legs to it over the long-term. We like sustainability, we like diversity, we like good returns. And I think in the consumer area, we've been very, very clear that with our customers, give us the problems that are really, really hard to solve, and those are the problems we've been getting. Also, not just one generation at a time, we are building this business, albeit the innovation cycles are, they're short, they're very, very rapid but as best we can, we are able to see at least a couple of generations out from the existing solution, if you like. So we are trying to apply our algorithm, if you like, for the rest of ADI where we're trying to build a long-term view in the spaces, a few targeted application spaces particularly in the portable area, as Dave said, where we think we can get good sustainable growth over the longer-term.
Vincent T. Roche: Well, thanks, everybody, for the questions on the call here and hope you are as excited as I am about the results and the future of ADI. We continue to focus our investments on profitable, diverse, and sustainable markets where, as I said just a while ago, there are tough problems that need to be solved and where the barriers to entry are high. We also have a culture. We just turned 50 by the way and what has sustained this company over the 50 years and will bode very well for the company in the future is that we've got a culture that's driven by innovation, excellence in everything that we do, and a real passion for solving the deepest challenges that our customers are dealing with. And it's my sense that this will be a great business for many, many decades to come. So once again, thanks for listening in, and we look forward to speaking to you at an upcoming conference or at next quarter's earnings call.
David A. Zinsner: It was mid-60% for Q1. And I'm just kind of scanning through it. It peaked out in the second and third quarter of 2014 in kind of the mid-70%. Let's see. I'm just looking in the low. It probably got down to about 50% – in the first quarter of 2013, at least, it was 50%. I'm not sure beyond before that.
David A. Zinsner: We're getting into the mid-70%. We have – I would say that in 2011 – of course that was heady times – but in 2011 we were in the low-80%. So we certainly can operate this facility at a utilization level that's much higher than we are today and we would get obviously the incremental gross margin fall through from it so that's not out of the realm of possibility.
David A. Zinsner: Hittite was in kind of the mid-$70 million level, which was kind of consistent with where we thought it would range. Obviously, in the back half of the year, we're thinking that it's likely to be up from where it is today. I would guess that the second quarter is going to be – given that we think communication is going to be relatively flat, I would guess Hittite is going to be relatively flat too.
David A. Zinsner: Oh, no, no, revenue – yeah, that was revenue. Yeah, margins are consistent with where Hittite's margins have been historically.
David A. Zinsner: It's more or less in line, although we've taken a lot of steps around pricing to get more discipline and this year I think we did better than in years past in terms of the agreements with the key customers. We've also really kind of scrutinized our pricing across the long tail as well to make sure it was kind of consistent with the value that we're providing and in some cases actually there was a little bit of an increase. So I think we did pretty well on the pricing side. It was generally very stable through the negotiations and I would think through 2015 we'll have very, very stable pricing.
David A. Zinsner: I think they were both equally as strong. I don't think there was one specific area that outshines the other. From a mix perspective, generally actually our consumer business has pretty good gross margins. They're up north of 60%, so they actually don't impact our margins as much as you might think. And obviously, communications is above the corporate average, so that's very helpful to our gross margins. So that's generally why the mix turned out to be a positive for us this quarter.
David A. Zinsner: And that's all also a good rule of thumb. As revenue goes up, you generally get 80% fall-through, and that tied to the 66.5% which is what we go with. But this quarter was a perfect indication that we can't exactly nail it down to the electron, to the tenth of basis point, and so there could be upward momentum depending on how things go.
David A. Zinsner: I actually think that – I would say that the cycles seem to be less predictive at this point. But seasonally, I think things are happening as they normally happen year to year. We saw bookings obviously come down initially in the quarter, and obviously were soft through the Christmas period. But after that, the bookings levels did ramp up in the January month. And February up until this point was quite strong. So it's consistent with – and of course that momentum happened a lot in the industrial and automotive space. So it's consistent with the guide that our opinion is that industrial and automotive should see very good sequential growth this quarter. And there's a lot of stability around the other two end markets, consumer and communications infrastructure, which generally would be a positive indication that those will be stable through the second quarter. And that's pretty – the second quarter generally for us seasonally is a very good quarter, and I think it's lining up to be a very good quarter for the second quarter.
David A. Zinsner: Bankers have to earn a paycheck, and so they've always been interested in pitching us deals regardless of whether it was a good environment or not. But in any event, we do have an active acquisition program in place. That was how we got to the Hittite acquisition last year. I think for us it continues to be about, what do we think is going to be important for our customers for us to have in terms of technology, and then we look out across the universe of opportunities to see if we can find that technology and companies, be it relatively smaller or large. And so generally, if businesses are getting shopped, I wouldn't say that incentivizes us either to do it or not to do it. Really we start fundamentally with this list of what are the things we want in our portfolio that we don't think we can do organically, and those are the things that drive us to do acquisitions. And at this point now, nothing to talk about; we continue to survey the landscape, but there's nothing active at the moment.
David A. Zinsner: We're not in the business of doing things just strictly for financial reasons. We've got to have strategic merits for us to do it.
David A. Zinsner: I think our two biggest sub-markets are industrial instrumentation and automation and those we expect to have very good second quarters. Healthcare is probably going to be up a bit, but it'd be relatively modest. I think defense is probably going to be relatively flattish. Energy management, which are smaller component, are likely to be a little bit up. Geographically speaking, obviously, the two major markets that industrial serves is the U.S. and European markets. When we looked at the bookings levels for those two markets in industrial, that's supported a pretty meaningful increase for the second quarter on a sequential basis. So I think those two areas will be probably the ones that outshine the others in terms of performance.
David A. Zinsner: Good question. I guess I have to be somewhat of a prognosticator of what I think the stock price is going to do over the time. I mean generally speaking, if the stock is strengthening through the quarter, we would unlikely be buying. Yeah, that's the right way to say it. Because we tend to buy when there is kind of historical weakness in the stock and when there's not, we tend not to be a buyer. So I don't know exactly what's going to happen through the quarter. I hope it actually goes up and to the right. But the way we've modeled it is we thought that the share count would be in the kind of 316 million, 317 million range. It's possible it could go a little lower than that. It's possible it could be a little higher than that.
David A. Zinsner: You're correct in that's roughly what has to happen. I think that the industrial business will, on a percentage basis, do better than the automotive business sequentially. And actually I think there is – it's hard to gain a lot of share in industrial in a quarter. This is a business that doesn't move quarter-to-quarter, it doesn't even move year-to-year in a lot of cases. So if you look at the sequential growth rate in the 2014 second quarter, I think industrial grew at about 13% sequentially and that's been kind of the range of what we're probably talking about for industrial for this second quarter. So it's basically seasonal. We'd like to believe that we have invested a lot in automotive and in the industrial space. We've moved a lot of R&D away from some of the more high-flying consumer opportunities and into these areas over the last five or six years. So all of that takes time to get traction, and I do believe that 2014 and at least how things are lining up for 2015 for those markets, does indicate that we've got some momentum in these businesses and that the fruits of the labor of all this R&D investment that we've made over this five-year period is starting to pay off in terms of revenue design wins, design-ins and so forth.
David A. Zinsner: I mean the margins of these businesses – of course there has been some mix impact quarter-to-quarter in terms of the impact to gross margins, but I think largely they're fairly close to each other. I don't think we have to rely on one business doing better than another business in order for us to kind of hit the targets. Our goal is to get to 68% gross margins. And given that we're 250 basis points below that, I guess, at this point, 250 basis points of the 500 basis points is going to come from just gross margin leverage, which is largely going to be a function of, we believe, factory utilization, a higher top line- over some fixed overhead expenses, and just a laser focus on this in terms of pricing discipline and cost discipline. And I think we've been able to do a fairly good job in both of those areas over the last couple years to improve the gross margins beyond where they would've been. And then the rest is obviously trying to get the operating expenses down a couple hundred basis points as a percent of revenue and that will get us the rest of the way there to get us our 500 basis points of improvement. I don't think it's going to happen next quarter. Obviously, I don't know that it happens next year necessarily. But I think in a fairly stable environment with some growth like we think we can do over the course of four or five years, I think we'll have a very good steady march towards improving that operating margin leverage that we talked about.
David A. Zinsner: Obviously, the currency moves around a bit. We transact mainly in dollars. And so sometimes they get a windfall in terms of gross margins; sometimes they don't. But their business is shipping our product and so they're going to need to hold the inventory to be able to do that, and we don't think they're going to adjust their inventory behavior based on some FX perturbations.
David A. Zinsner: At this point, we're not seeing any impact from FX changes. I think in general, industrial – again, it has a pretty good second quarter, so I'd expect those businesses to do okay. I think we have generally – I don't necessarily remember how it breaks down by segment. But I think in total, we expect China and Japan to be relatively flattish. So my guess is industrial does a little bit better and some of the other markets probably do a little bit worse, and that nets it out to relatively flat.
David A. Zinsner: Geographically, we're probably more concentrated at the European automakers to start with, and then a close second is the U.S., followed probably by Japan and Korea at equal levels. The strength I think for the second quarter on a sequential basis, my guess is that we'll see strength across all three of our sub-segments, infotainment, safety, and powertrain. I don't think any particular sub-segment is going to do necessarily better than any of the others.
David A. Zinsner: That's the same question I thought we got a little bit earlier, but I think that it's generally pretty seasonal in terms of the order flow. And then as far as we rank the end markets, it's a little early to be able to try and do this but I think all four markets will likely grow this year.
David A. Zinsner: Now we obviously get a lift in the industrial and communications markets by virtue of the fact that we have Hittite in there. So obviously they're likely probably to do better than the other two because they get a full year's effect of Hittite versus one quarter's effect of Hittite that we had in 2014. And then consumer is probably the next and probably auto is going to be the slowest this year.
David A. Zinsner: On the baseball analogy, I would say we're in the second or third inning. We do have some products that are starting to come out that carry better margins. Obviously, they take some time to get traction. My guess is that traction doesn't happen until late in 2016, maybe 2017, and that will be an inflection point for us in terms of improving gross margins. We're obviously focused on the cost side of the equation as well and we've made steady progress. So margins are improving, but they still have a ways to go to get to where we think they'll be acceptable.
David A. Zinsner: That's the first time I've ever gotten an accounting question, I think. I feel so honored. Yeah, the – we are aware of the Bulletin. It does seem to indicate that at some point down the road the sell-through way of recognizing revenue might go away. I think in a couple of years – I'm not even sure what year this all starts to come about – I think it's like 2017, 2018. So we have a ways to go before we have to worry about it. I'm not even sure whether you kind of restate history and then as if you had never done revenue recognition on a sell-through basis. So we will have to see how that goes. It's quite a few years away, though, so we haven't spent a ton of time worrying about it.
David A. Zinsner: And if there is, like, some one quarter kind of impact, what we'll do is we'll provide some sort of pro forma schedule so that it's very easy to tell how we've done from quarter to quarter so it doesn't cause an issue.
David A. Zinsner: The tax structure of Hittite is now kind of fully integrated with our tax structure. At this point now, we're pretty much realizing effectively a lower tax rate for Hittite. There's probably a little bit more that will fall through by the time next year rolls around, but I think for the most part the big step function improvement has already happened. You are right, we constantly balance U.S. kind of cash flow needs and international cash flow needs over time. I think we have plenty of cash in both locations and certainly plenty of liquidity beyond the cash that we have on the balance sheet. I think to be able to manage both entities effectively without kind of a meaningful adjustment to our tax rate in the event that one particular entity needs cash and the other can provide it there may be some cash flow that moves from one location to the other and that would have some effect on the tax rate but it'd be relatively minor and I don't think would have a big impact on earnings.
David A. Zinsner: It's going really well. I think the likelihood is that this thing is going to grow kind of in the double-digit range and that was what it had been consistently growing at for a while. It had a couple years just like everyone else where it wasn't doing that, and then it turned around and started to do pretty well. So that's pretty consistent with what we thought. I mean it wasn't too terribly different than where we thought things would end up. I'm very excited, as Vince pointed out, that there is a whole bunch of new designs that Hittite was unlikely to have gotten had they not been part of the ADI portfolio, and Hittite has actually helped us in some cases win some business on the signal processing side that we wouldn't have ordinarily had gotten had it not been for having the microwave capabilities. So the business is performing at least as good as we thought it would, but I think that the revenue synergies that we'll get over the long-term are going to do much better than we thought we would going into the acquisition.
David A. Zinsner: I think it grows at the levels of the rest of the business now. Thankfully not a headwind. Of course consumer is a little bit lumpier so there may be years where it does did better than that, years where it does a little worse than that. But I think in general that business should grow around the corporate average.
David A. Zinsner: Yeah, and I haven't quite done the math but I think in general what we're trying to do is have it average around what the fourth quarter of 2014 was. So I think the fourth quarter of 2014 was about $270 million and so we're roughly thinking we'll average that over the course of the four quarters of 2015. So that probably does have the effect of half the rate of revenue growth but I guess it obviously depends on what the revenue growth rate is and I'm unable to predict beyond the second quarter what that's likely to be.
