Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. For those listeners interested in learning more about ADI and the IoT space, we recently webcast a 45-minute presentation that actually goes in with this topic in much greater detail. You can find all that information on our IR page.  Okay. So let's talk quickly about how we run the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, let's go to Q&A. 
Ali Husain: Our industrial business today, Craig, is about 10-odd-percent off of its revenue peaks that we achieved back in sort of the third quarter of 2014. So I think our goal here is to really get the inventories in good shape, which we're trying to do here in the first quarter with pretty low utilization rates precisely for that reason, to get inventories in good shape for what we hope will be sort of a seasonal second quarter. Obviously, it's too early to call that at this stage. But if we do see sort of seasonality in the second quarter, then industrial generally does better, and we should see some pretty good gross margins and drop through at earnings. So I hope that answers the question and let's get to the next caller. 
Ali Husain: And let me just, Tore, give you a little bit of color. You mentioned specifically industrial and communications infrastructure. So let me just give you a little bit of color around the bookings in the quarter. For industrial, we saw August quite weak as it generally is seasonally in that month. September was actually quite stable, which is a bit of an anomaly, really, in the industrial business. Generally speaking, September comes back quite nicely. This time around, it was actually quite stable to August levels. And I think if you remember back, there were some pretty screaming macro headlines at that point in time. Interestingly then, the October month actually was quite strong for the industrial business. And November seems to have leveled off here a little bit. And I think we're feeling pretty good about the environment, generally thinking about a pretty seasonal sort of environment for the first quarter for industrial. We haven't mentioned it yet, but the weeks of inventory and distribution were 7.5 weeks, consistent with the prior quarter. Our deferred gross revenue balance, which was a pretty good proxy for inventory in the channel of revenue dollars, was down 2% in the quarter. So I think it's all sort of hanging together there as far as we can tell here for the next quarter, and that's sort of -- definitely in our guidance. On the Communications Infrastructure side, it was up 12% sequentially this quarter in terms of revenue. Wireline was down somewhat, so the implication there is that wireless actually did better than the 12%, which it in fact did. I think most of that we told you last quarter that we felt that we were under shipping end demand in that space. I think a lot of that this quarter in terms of revenue performance was a result of inventory coming back in line with end demand. We're starting to see some good base station deployment activity there, although still, it's obviously early to call. But in terms of the order flows in comms during the quarter, we actually saw better order flow every month of the quarter in the comms space. So that's where we're at. I hope that answered the question, and let's get to our next caller. 
Ali Husain: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Obviously, never say never, right? I mean, it's a lumpy market for a reason. But our sense, when we look at the order flows, when we talk to our customers, is that, that period of time where the inventories were massively drawn down is behind us. So obviously, we can't speak for other companies and other suppliers. But what we can tell for our products, what we're shipping into the space at the current moment is pretty well balanced within demand in the space. And frankly, when we looked at the order flows and we were thinking about the guidance for the first quarter, generally speaking, the first quarter is down in sort of high single digits sequentially for the comms space. And this time, if you back into the guidance, we're implying it will be fairly stable. So if you look at the regional perspective, North America has been pretty stable. China now has started to deploy TD and FD. Again, it's slow, but it has started, and so we saw some impact and some good benefit for that in our quarter. And if you look at our emerging regions, they continue to deploy. We had a particularly good quarter in India this quarter, for example. So I think things are moving. I think they're slow and steady. But at least, they're going the right direction. 
Ali Husain: It's probably a good time to just reemphasize that despite all of this sort of near-term noise that year-over-year revenue growth in the first quarter at the midpoint would be 8% with double-digit EPS growth. So thanks for the question, Vivek. 
Ali Husain: I'm not even saying that was a reason of the out-performance in the quarter. All I can say, Steve, is we have several -- many customers within our consumer business. We have lots of customers in the portable side of the business, and we have a lot of different products that go into those applications. So... 
Ali Husain: Thanks, Steve, and this is Ali here. So as we're 3 minutes short of the hour, I think we're going to keep going with the questions. But I think it's probably -- the time is probably over for those who have re-queued unfortunately. So I think let's just keep going to at least get everybody's first questions in. 
Ali Husain: Yes, and if I can just add quickly, Ambrish, free cash flow for the year excluding the one-time pension payment was 29% of revenue. The model range is 28% to 32%. So I think we're within that range but certainly towards the lower end of the range. And within the quarter, we generated ex that payment, 38% of our sales in free cash flow, which was actually very, very strong, and as you know, we returned 80% of everything we generate to shareholders, either through dividend or buy back. So thanks for the question. 
Ali Husain: So Harsh, I think it's a question of when, not if. And I think we're very well-positioned across all the carriers and all the regions. So inventories look to be in good shape. The orders, hopefully, will hold up. As you mentioned, our comms business is well off its peak, so I think, I look back and it's about 23% off of its recent revenue peak. So I think there's plenty more to go there, and it's a question of when, not if. So thanks for the question. 
Ali Husain: I think -- let's just look at the last quarter here. Overall, I'd say orders, excluding the consumer business in August, were down from the prior quarter. They were slightly up in September, and October was very strong as I mentioned earlier, particularly in the industrial space, coming off of sort of a weaker September. So that's generally how it's trended. And I think we've given the guidance here for the first quarter based on what we're seeing in the order flow. So I think if you exclude the consumer business, generally, everything else is sort of trending seasonally here in the first quarter. So thanks for the question. 
Ali Husain: Yes. I think we're not a room of economists here for sure. But let us, at least, tell you what our thinking is, Stephen. So in the quarter, the business trended really as we expected, frankly. It was up 1% sequentially. All the 3 subsegments of automotive were essentially in line and pretty stable during the quarter. When we started the year, the forecast for vehicle growth in China was 7%. And as we're ending the year here, it's down to about 1% or 2%. And China, obviously, consumes a good amount of premium vehicles. For ADI, we've done sort of the back of the envelope map -- math here on our revenue in the automotive space, and it's probably sort of mid-teens impact from sales into China. So certainly, that would have an impact on our revenue. I think when you look across the other regions, I'd say North America has been doing quite well. The European vehicle registrations every month are up. So that's generally a good sign. When you look in North America, the average age of the vehicle is greater than its historical average. Dealer inventories are below their corporate average. And China, they've recently announced stimulus programs on sales tax for automotive. So again, I'm not an economist, and I don't play one on TV either. But I guess from our sense, everything is sort of trending as we would've expected, except, I'd say, for the China region, which certainly has been weaker for the entire industry. And so certainly, we're not going to be agnostic to that. That would have an impact on our sales as well, particularly as China consumes a fair amount of premium vehicles. So I hope that answered your questions, Stephen, and I guess that's the end of our earnings call here. We're 15 minutes past the hour. As a reminder, our first quarter 2016 results are scheduled for February 17. Again, 8 a.m. press release, Eastern time, 10 a.m. earnings call. So thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you soon. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Romit. I think you're right in that, obviously, when we are more concentrated in industrial, we would have seen a much bigger ramp seasonally in the second quarter, which we expect to see that seasonality in the second quarter for industrial, but consumer now is a larger portion of our revenue. It's a bit of a wildcard. I think that, that quarter is generally seasonally down a little bit. Obviously, we don't have any visibility into the quarter yet, but that would mute a little bit the sequential increase that you would typically see in the second quarter. But as you know, this is a semiconductor business, and you never really know how things will pan out until you're really up on top of that quarter and can make a better determination. 
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, this is -- we'll have obviously a larger consumer business. Generally, the second half of the year is much stronger than the first half of the year at least from a fiscal year basis for us, given that that's generally when new product launches happen, Christmas builds happen and so forth. So that will definitely change the seasonality a bit for the overall company. My guess is that typical seasonality for ADI is going to be relatively similar sequential increases every quarter for different reasons. Obviously, the second quarter will be more of an industrial story. The third and fourth quarter will likely to be more of a consumer story. And what was your other question, Chris? I missed it. 
David Zinsner: Well, again, we have real confidence in revenue when we actually have orders. We have orders usually out about through the following quarter. So it's difficult for me to say what's going to happen over the next few quarters. But I would say our position with all of our large customers is very strong, and we expect to have a strong position with all of those customers out for the distant future. 
David Zinsner: All right. Let me start by saying that, obviously, we don't talk about individual products and individual customers. Our customers don't appreciate that, and it's really up to them to start talking about what their end markets are doing and their applications are doing, but I'll talk to specifically about our consumer business. Clearly, the first, -- or the back half of this year had a very good ramp. And that was driven not by one single product, and quite honestly, not by one single customer. We did announce in our 10-K, we had a 13% customer for the year. So obviously -- and that's unique. So obviously, we do have one customer that did quite well. But there are a lot of things that did very well for us in the consumer business in the back half of the year. So that's one thing, I think, everyone should keep in mind. Clearly, when you have a big ramp like we did in the fourth quarter, and we telegraph a decent sequential decline in the first quarter, that would indicate something is going on, and I think it's safe to assume that there probably was inventory that built in the fourth quarter for reasons that are specific to those customers and how they want to manage their supply chains and so forth. But I don't think it was anything out of the ordinary. That, I think, is relatively typical for how those customers manage their inventory, and as is the first quarter decline, which I think starts to digest that inventory. I don't know how long it takes for that whole thing to kind of smooth out, a consumer business of this size, particularly driven off of portables is a bit different for us than we have historically had a position in. So you want to kind of see how it goes, but we'll -- my guess is that it picks back up in the third and fourth quarter and does quite well. And all of that stuff will make sense to all of you guys to try to back into end consumption and so forth. 
David Zinsner: Right, and so that's -- that obviously will drive most of the gross margin decline. There is a bit of a mix also, as you point out, that is driving a little bit of the gross margins. I would say that the mix decline, fourth quarter to first quarter, has a little bit more to do with, believe it or not, mix within the industrial space, not mix within our broader business categories. And so that's what will drive the gross margins on the -- after that, obviously, we'd expect to be bringing back our utilization. Hopefully, seasonally, we see a strong industrial ramp in the second quarter and that would certainly drive better volume within the factories and should get the gross margins back up to the levels that we see today. 
David Zinsner: Well, I think -- yes, most of it is, I think at the midpoint of our guidance, we're looking at 8% year-over-year. Because if I'm not mistaken, the backlog that you're talking about, Tore, in the 10-K, is a comparison of the backlog coming into last year versus the backlog coming into this year. And we are predicting revenue to be up 8%. So it's not surprising that backlog would be up. The other thing is, I think in some cases, the consumer business, which will be up year-over-year probably pretty meaningfully, gives us a little bit more visibility than some of the other markets. And so from a mix perspective, that actually helps on the visibility in terms of backlog. But it really isn't extending the visibility at all. It's still all shippable within the quarter and for the most part and really doesn't influence how we would think that the second quarter would pan out. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Craig. Yes, so obviously, we are focused on the dividend. We mentioned it in the prepared remarks that we would like to see that continually increase. I think we've got 12 increases in the last 11 years. So we'd like to keep on that pace. We do, do opportunistic buybacks. We think some of our shareholders do favor the buyback or at least appreciate the buyback. And so we have maintained a relatively consistent approach. It does tend to buyback more when the stock is weaker, which I think is -- provides a good return on investment for the shareholders. And then lastly, as you pointed out, Craig, we do have an M&A approach. We are -- we have a very high bar in terms of M&A. We don't -- we certainly don't look or bang the -- kick the tires on a lot of deals. We pick ones that are of very high-quality. It really starts with companies that have a high degree of innovation and where that innovation is, I guess, complementary to our own technology with our existing customer base. And so we will do deals from time to time. They generally will be in the Hittite kind of size range or probably lower in some cases. We're actively looking at things. When you look at -- when you tend to look at businesses that do have a high degree of innovation, it usually comes with really good gross margins, very good operating margins, very good returns on R&D investments and so forth. So I think from a financial perspective, those are somewhat of the outputs as opposed to the inputs. But they do -- those do tend to go hand in glove with really innovative companies. 
David Zinsner: And I'd just add, on the M&A front, we don't drive our M&A off of a kind of a diversification approach because we're concentrated with one customer. We do pick usually companies that have a lot of diversity. And by virtue of that, we do get a lot of diversity. But our first and foremost objective is to find really great technology that complements our existing technology. 
David Zinsner: Well, I -- obviously, in the first quarter of 2015, we had Hittite. So there really -- it's a direct comparison. I mean, I guess I do -- in the communications business, we are certainly operating at what is a lower level than what we think is the normal build-out of base stations on a year-on-year basis. So it's impacted by the reduction in spending in wireless infrastructure in a couple of different markets. Granted, it is recovered from its trough, but it's not certainly at what would be considered normalized levels. I think in the industrial business, it's -- it was a relatively on a year-over-year basis, a relatively modest increase but kind of within what a GDP-like growth rate has been. So I would say that probably reflects kind of normal end demand in those -- in that market. 
David Zinsner: We have -- like I said, we got little visibility into Q2, and it's -- will be premature for me to even mention which direction it would even go. Yes, I don't want to -- and I think you've actually put -- point out a good point. I don't want to over emphasize build. Most of that -- we believe, most of the shipments were consumed. But when you have a fourth quarter to first quarter transition like we're talking about, you have to believe that there's some kind of digestion that happens for a little bit of it, which drives us to believe that on a sequential basis, consumer's going to be down, and that's why we're guiding to where we're guiding. And it will probably be down more than the corporate average. Outside of that, I can't give any more visibility. Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces within the consumer business, and trying to identify every application and every customer that's going into and figuring out what they're all doing is next to impossible for us. We get the orders, we ship them, and we leave it to them to figure out what to do beyond that. 
David Zinsner: Yes, we're certainly driving the free cash flow to be higher. That is our goal. And then, the portion on the CapEx, I mean, we're striving towards 4% or so CapEx as a percent of revenue. That's really our goal. I think we had a very good year in terms of free cash flow this year. I think we can do better next year with a lower CapEx as a percent of revenue to help drive that a little bit. And there are some things -- we had to -- we did have to build inventory this year up for some ramps that occurred and some last time builds related to Hittite. Those activities are behind us in terms of building inventories. So we should get, I think, a pretty favorable working capital number for 2016, which could help drive a better free cash flow number for 2016 as well. 
David Zinsner: Yes. It's a complicated web, no doubt. We -- I think in general, if we are returning 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders, we don't generate at that level in the U.S. And obviously, all of that has to come from U.S. cash flow. So the U.S. entity definitely will be a borrower. And that's why you -- that's why we have $3 billion of cash and $875 million of debt today is because we lever up the U.S. balance sheet. But on a net basis, we still have a net cash position worldwide. And I think that's generally the approach. There are situations in which international cash would be utilized, and as you pointed out, one of those would be for acquisitions. There's also a number of things that we could potentially do outside of the U.S. in terms of acquisitions that -- it's not a very complicated transaction to utilize that cash. So we will use some of that cash, obviously, for M&A. But to the extent we need U.S. cash, we will use the balance -- leverage to get there. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I'll see if I can give you any color. The industrial business, obviously, is our highest gross margin business, and that is above the corporate average. Communications is slightly above the corporate average. Consumer is slightly below the corporate average, and automotive is slightly below the corporate average. So those are kind of their -- the ranges. The only challenge in that, Doug, is that there's also the dynamic of what gets made in the factory. And so sometimes mix does play a part in kind of factory absorption and how many wafers we produce and so forth. So that's a complicating factor that drives a little bit of the gross margin. But I would just tell you, maybe stepping back from it, we had a very good year in terms of gross margins for 2015. We were 66%. We think that while focusing on innovation, we generally will get very good gross margins in the future. We've got some things that we're looking at, that we continue to execute on that help lower our cost and improve our pricing. In fact, I think over the last few years, our ASPs have been going up. So we think we have a very good opportunity to push those gross margins higher over the next few years. 
Vincent Roche: Well actually, we have never been more diversified as a company. We have more products in the portfolio than we've ever had. We address more customers than we've ever addressed. So we're actually, as a company, in a very, very good position on that front. With regard to the consumer market in general, we have very strong leverage from our core technology platforms. In the consumer business, it tends to be more of a precision-oriented product-development effort. And so we get very strong leverage, for example, from our industrial product base, which tends to be precision-oriented inherently. So we're looking always for areas. Innovation comes first for us. We build the core technologies. We platform-ize the technology, bring it to as many applications as we possibly can. And in the consumer area, we're picking out the very, very highest level challenges that we can possibly address, and we believe those problems are sustainable over time. Of course, time will tell whether that's well founded or not. But we believe we're in a very, very good position. And as Dave mentioned earlier, even within the -- each customer, we look for diversification of applications and products and technology, and that is the case everywhere we're playing in the consumer area as well. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, great question. So we have a long-term model for growth. We believe that the markets that we can, if you like, leverage most in terms of driving growth are at the upper end of our 2 to 3x GDP model, are the automotive and communications infrastructure areas. And I still believe that to be true. We put out some targets last year at the Analyst Day. And I think those targets are still valid there. Obviously, consumer is going to be at the upper end of that as well. I think if we can, over the long-term, -- and we have, certainly for the last 3 years, have been able to drive our industrial business at a couple of times GDP level, we'd be in very, very good stead well into the future. And what I've given you in terms of those targets is really about what we do organically rather than whether we have to buy more heft. As Dave has indicated, we're always scouting around, looking for technologies that make more of an impact to the overall solution that we deliver to our customers. And we're taking more of a strategic view rather than a financial view or an operating view of M&A. So it's more about finding those bolt-on technologies that make ADI more relevant, make our technology, product offering more powerful in the eyes of the customer. But generally speaking, I think we're in a very, very good position to organically take care of our future. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I will say, David, just to add a little more color, we had a record quarter with regard to the Hittite portfolio in the quarter just gone. And given our relatively depressed communications market though there was some recovery, what I've been most pleased about is the diversity of the applications we're able to target outside of the Communications Infrastructure business with that portfolio. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good questions. So we've had a lot of inquiries over the last couple of quarters about our performance, specifically in the automotive sector. And what I'll tell you is that it's really a tale of 2 businesses during 2015. It was a relatively flat quarter. And when you extract -- I think I've mentioned before to you that our MEMS safety business has had some, no pun intended, some speed bumps along the way here. And -- but our automotive business, with the exception of MEMS safety, actually grew in the high single digits year-over-year, primarily in the areas like Advanced Driver Assistance. The predictive safety side of the business has grown at a stellar pace for the company over the last 3 or 4 years. I believe that will be the case into the future. And the powertrain, specifically the sensing part of that business and the battery monitoring control, has done well and will continue to do well. Infotainment is a very diversified area, and we tend to target the high end of that business with our digital signal processing and our data acquisition technology and algorithmic technologies. We've a new technology called A2B, which is a method of moving sound through the car essentially, speech and sound, in a way that is very efficient, very, very low latency, very low weight in terms of the wiring cables and so on. We've a lot of new sensing technology coming into play, an area like AMR, for example, where we are developing a leadership position, which will be a whole new category in that business in the future as cars electrify and become more automated. So I think what you can expect in the automotive business during this coming fiscal year is that the first half will be within seasonal pattern of the current business level. But the second half, I do expect to pick up in the growth of the overall business at the higher end of the growth model, which is 3x GDP kind of level. So we're confident, given the alignment between the products we have and customer programs that we've got, and it's an area where we have been intensively investing and increasing the investments over the past 5 years. So I think we'll return to a growth pattern towards the back end of '16 and beyond. So that's my sense based on everything that I know at this point in time. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, to give you a sense, we -- again, the products we ship into these applications tend to be precision-oriented in areas like sensing, in audio and also in the area of image processing. So they are kind of the 3 categories you should think about when you think of ADI's position within these portable consumer applications. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I'm not sure there is a cycle, by the way, anymore in our -- in the semiconductor industry, and I think a lot of the consolidation somewhat ensures that as well. So I think there is a decent match between supply and demand right at this point in time. Over the years, we've all developed methods to deal with the volatility, and we've a lot more transparency, I think, now as well into the areas of supply and demand. So I think in some ways, what you should be looking at for '16 is probably what the macroeconomic climate does, and we've started messaging our growth trajectory or the algorithm we have for growth as well on that basis, some multiple given the various markets that -- in which we play and what they're capable of delivering in terms of macro level growth and modulated by where we are with our products and technologies and our customers in these areas. So I'm not sure there is a particular cycle in our industry anymore. And probably safer to look at what the macro environment does in the various regions. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question, Tristan. I -- off the top of my head, I don't have the numbers. But the growth rate of our advanced driver assistance business has been one of the strongest -- it's probably the strongest growth element, by the way, during 2015. It's a meaningful part of ADI's overall automotive business now at this point in time. We have some very exciting new technology built on some microwave technology that we built on a very, very advanced technology platform that we're about to -- we'll be sampling over this coming year to our customers that will change the game in radar technologies. And so I think when you look at that business overall, certainly, safety is going to continue to be a very important part, given the mandates, and everybody wants more safety. So -- and I think the capabilities that we have as a company as well in active, passive and combining those are predictive, puts us in quite a unique position, actually, to be able to look at the safety problem as a system of problems and tailor our solutions to those needs. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. As Ali said earlier on, the -- from a geographical perspective, North America was pretty flat. I think the story in terms of demand has been driven by China over the course of FY '15. The government carrier investigations have had a huge impact on the deployment of infrastructure there. So I think the pace will pick up in the -- we've seen some pick up over the last quarter. Demand has solidified and strengthened. But I think during '16, you will see a pick in the FD deployments. FTD, TD and particularly in the area of, with regard to China Mobile, small cell deployments in the second half of the year to densify the network and get more capacity. And my sense is that 4G, we've seen, for example, in India over the past quarter, some good deployments in an area where the deployment of LTE is really, really, really low and has a long way to go. And I think it will be steady in America and probably grow marginally in Europe as carriers deploy more infrastructure there to catch the networks up from -- in a lot of places still 2.5G into 4G. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, and Ross, we have overall liquidity domestically of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, which obviously includes the revolver as well. But that gives us plenty of flexibility to do the things that we want to do here in the U.S. So... 
Vincent Roche: Well, power management as a technology for us, we have good traction in areas like communications infrastructure. For us, we are not trying to build a broad-based catalog of products. What we are doing is taking the capability that we have inside the company in terms of process, technology and in terms of circuit technology and applying that technology to build products that strengthen the overall signal chain, particularly in more kind of vertical applications, where we can get the leverage in areas, as I said, like wireless communications infrastructure. So that is the strategy for the company and power management. And we've made some very, very good progress there over the last 3 or 4 years as we have given up the ghost in trying to build a broad catalog and brand in power. But instead, targeted very, very carefully at the applications, where the interplay of power technology and signal chain technology creates a virtual cycle here. 
