Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal '23 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial statements and schedules at investor.analog.com. On to the disclosures, the information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and other periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements, and these statements reflect our expectations only as the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our commentary will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. We're comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. I want to echo Vince's comments and thank you for the partnership over the past six years, but I will warn you, it's not done yet, we’ve couple of more earnings calls together. So with that, let's get to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question please requeue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, can we have our first question please.
Michael Lucarelli: Yeah. I'll go the first part, Ross, I gave a little bit of comments around kind of what I thought would be for our fiscal 4Q and fiscal 1Q outlook based on kind of normalization. So you can kind of take from that and parse that with your question about is it fiscal second half or calendar second half and put it along that, it's both. With that, I'll pass it to on the auto side.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Will. I thank everyone for joining us this morning. A couple of items before I'll let you go on your way. First, we are playing combined, our general ledger (ph) ERP systems this quarter. This represents one of our final steps for the Maxim integration. Given our typically fast reporting cycle, we've given ourselves an extra week to ensure everything runs smoothly. As such, we plan for our earnings call to be held in the third-week of August versus the second. Also, I wanted to flag that during these more uncertain times and consistent with our commitment for transparency for our owners, we plan being even more available for investors. Vince and Prashanth will be in New York, Boston, The Bay Area and London in the next quarter. Please reach out to the IR team if you be notified when we are in your neighborhood. And with that, a cognitive transcript will be available on the website. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Vivek. It's been a pleasure to work with you, Vin, (ph) we still have a few quarters together. Everyone is focused on quarter-over-quarter, but I -- before I get to your answer, I do want to take a step back and look at the year-over-year because I do think that tells the story of share gains and the increasing content per dollar of CapEx, which is what we believe delivers that long-term shareholder value. If you look at our industrial and auto business, they are up year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. Industrial call it roughly mid-single digit and auto mid-teens year-over-year. And this comes at a time when PMIs are below 50 and auto SAR is relatively modest. So while the economics and the cycle dictate the number of units our customer sell, which will impact our business, our share gains and our increasing content per dollar of CapEx is what we expect to help us outperform, which means we're going to decline less in bad times and accelerate good -- accelerate in good times. To your specific question, China definitely was, sort of the piece of new information that has developed over the year, over the more recent period. We are -- we have had three quarters of decline in China and we're expecting a fourth. We did see an uptick following kind of the resumption or the return to office after Chinese New Year, but that did fade quickly, and the result was we've got inventory a little higher in the channel there than we expected. Very confident that this is not a share issue. This is a reflection of what's going on in those markets. And it's broad-based across both the industrial and auto. Outside of China, I'd say that industrial and auto is holding up relatively well, especially North America, Europe and Japan. Not as strong as it was prior quarter, but it's not falling rapidly. And I would characterize it more as a measured slowdown. Comms and consumer, we've been talking about those in all those geographies, those remain weak.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Tore. It's been great working with you. So, as we think about inventory, inventory is going to remain higher than normal because we're keeping the channel lean. This is something we started two or three quarters ago. From a dollar basis, inventory has peaked in second quarter as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and you should see dollar start to trend down from here, given the actions that we're taking, which is both reducing our external wafer builds, which is an opportunity that we have because of our swing capacity in our hybrid manufacturing model, and that also allows us to balance out the die bank building in our internal factories with softer demand and tap the brakes on internal (ph) utilizations. Utilizations, I would say, still are at elevated levels, so we expect them to start getting closer to what we would consider normal levels in the -- in our fiscal fourth quarter.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Great question, Joe. Thank you. So first, yes, you're exactly right. When we talk about backlog being kind of roughly a year in value, that's phased over several quarters. So we have delivery dates from customers that are in future quarters, which sort of gives us confidence to what the future looks like. And now, we're sort of back to that stage that we've always operated in pre-COVID levels where there is a percentage of the current quarter's revenues that comes from turns business. So we're back to that state of normalcy, with the lead times down as they've improved with our manufacturing capacity additions. Now, there's no incentive for customers to keep giving us orders out with a significant advanced notice, they can get most of what they need pretty quickly. And that's the transition that you're seeing being reflected in the book-to-bill rate. But again, as I mentioned, we are expecting. And Vince has talked for a couple quarters now that, that we were expecting the macro impact to hit us, but we remain very confident that the content story we have is going to help mute the impact relative to others and given our end market exposure, as I mentioned, it's sort of going to be rolling through us. Consumer and comms are largely behind us, we will see auto pressure on units for a couple of quarters -- sorry, industrial pressure on units for a couple of quarters. And auto, we can't give you a good sense of, except to say we know we have a phenomenal content story growth there and it really will depend on consumer purchases.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'm going to -- I'm going to turn to the 40-year veteran of this business, who has seen multiple cycles and let Vince take that.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah, Chris. I’ll add a little bit about -- unit demand for the couple of quarters here. It's good to think like, we've grown 13 quarters of relatively. I think investors and sell-side people forget that you do have down quarter sometimes. And we're kind of going back to, what I'll call a bit more normal and a more normal 4Q, you kind of -- you see industrial kind of flat to down from 3Q, orders about flat. Comms not much activity happening right now in that market and consumer usually up a little bit. And if you look at our 1Q, a normal 1Q for us, the B2B markets, which is industrial, auto, and comms are down, kind of low mid-single digits and consumer is down a bit more due to holiday builds. And then you get a 2Q pickup. Now that's not an outlook. That's kind of what the normal shape was pre-COVID.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'll take it. All right. Yeah. So look, we've grown 10 quarters in a row and the growth was -- for the last quarter was very broad-based, again across all applications. As we think about the outlook, we are beginning to see some softening though the underlying content growth continue and our top line should still prove to be a strong multiple of SAR. There is some decline that relates to our strong position in China EV. So when you asked about what's different for ADI, Ross, I think that the share position we have in China EV is probably one of those differentiating factors. And that is going through an adjustment as well. While China EVs are still expected to grow, it's not going to be growing as fast as we had originally thought. And so, as this market comes back, it's going to provide the tailwinds we need for our automotive businesses because we have very high share. Again take a step back, we remain very confident that this is a business with the strong product portfolio we have, battery management, in-cabin connectivity with GMSL, A2B, and functional safe power. These represent about half of our business and in a flat SAR environment, we are still going to be able to do double-digit growth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Thanks, Will. I'm going to do the China one first, so Vince can address the pricing one. The China one is pretty straightforward. We -- as most of the industry, we were watching the recovery coming out of the multi-quarter shutdown in China as well as the Chinese New Year activity looking to see business begin to return to normal levels, given that we had couple of down quarters. We saw a pop-in activity and order activity in the -- as we came out of Chinese New Year. Based on that, we made supply available to the channel that supply did not move as things kind of quickly got softer or didn't move as much I can say, didn't move as much. And therefore, that's why we've now said, for the current quarter, we are going to ship in less than we sell-through to help readjust that level in primarily in Asia. And with that, I'll hand-off to Vince to take the pricing question.
Vincent Roche: Tore, to give you a little context, in the outlook we gave, it’s about (ph) 48.5% operating margins that assumes gross margins come down from where they are today. That's mix and also it is utilizations, Prashanth mentioned. And then, OpEx was up a little bit in the third quarter based on merit increase offset some by the variable compensation. So that's kind of the math around that. And then as you said, as you look out, utilizations probably don't go higher in 4Q after 3Q. Just kind of give you a feel for the back half of the year.
Vincent Roche: What I would -- I guess, let me, let's do this in two pieces. First, let's talk about our view on this correction. Obviously no correction is the same. But if you look over at history, Ambrish, most of these sort of downturns last for somewhere between two to four quarters, and it's our view that, that we're going to have weakness for the second half. But a couple of points around that. First, we are really seeing this as a rolling correction across the market, because obviously no market is fully immune, but I do think that we're better-positioned. Comms and consumer, I think we -- you would agree with us, the worst is largely behind us with. We've seen those correct over the last couple of quarters and we're actually being a little bit more optimistic about consumer as we go forward. Industrial and auto, we're starting to see some softness, but that's probably not going to just last a quarter. It's important to point out that we do have some areas of strength in industrial. We mentioned that in the prepared remarks. And auto really is going to continue to be a function of the of the SAR activity. From a bookings and backlog standpoint, the takeaways you want is, bookings overall continue to decrease, but they're basically sitting at about a year of revenue, the total backlog. What that means is that the backlog for the current quarter is now to normal levels, which means that we're back to a point where we will be relying on some book and ship to hit the guide and that's back to normal pre-COVID levels, and on a book-to-bill were below parity, which we had said for a couple quarters now that this was coming and that's pretty broad-based to sort of all markets, industrial and auto are a little bit better, but all markets, all geographies, I did call out on -- in I think Tore's question that China is certainly the weakest of that.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I think, Joe, at the margins, I think our customers have changed their behavior. It used to be that the world expect to be able to operate on a very rapid turns cycle. Now I think that, that will persist, but what will also persist is the change in behavior around aligning long -- customers allowing their long-term or longer-term demands with supply. And those are conversations that we're having continuously. So I think the behavior has changed somewhat, and perhaps we've got a new normal.
Vincent Roche: Yeah, Chris. I think first and foremost, what we're seeing now in our business is that the troughs are not as deep and the peaks are steeper than they used to be. There is more and more content in every one of the market segments that we participate in. So I think that's the way to look at the troughs are probably going to be -- they're probably going to be shallower. And also we've been very careful at managing our factories and making sure that we don't unnecessarily build inventory and ship product that perhaps isn't needed. So my sense is, we set ourselves for a softer landing just given how we've managed through the cycle and try to match demand of our customers as tightly as we can with the supply system. So, I think perhaps just given where PMIs are at, we would see at least a couple of quarters here of muted demand. And my sense is, when the central (ph) begins to turn, it will turn quickly.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I can tell you as well, Chris, from conversations with our industrial and automotive customers, their sentiment is quite strong. I met the CEO of one of the largest industrial automation companies, very, very recently. And they see tremendous secular growth drivers. There is a rebound in demand from the pandemic stage, where a lot of factory, the CapEx to improve factories, efficiencies and so on was not spent, so that continues. The whole sustainability challenge is on everybody's mind. So there are many reasons to believe that we're going through a short-term period here of reconciliation, normalization of demand and supply, but my sense is, things will recover in the industrial market pretty rapidly. And in automotive, it's a case of, we're getting more and more share in the areas that count with our connectivity products, the electric vehicle portfolio that we've got. And there still reasonable demand, I would say, for mid to high end automobiles. So, we see this as a relatively short-term reset.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Prashanth. Yeah. Well, I think that the headline of pricing, is that it is very, very resilient. And I expect that to persist. In general, we're getting -- we're putting more value to our customers, we're giving more value to our customers. And in fact the core ASP of our product portfolio has been increasing, not including incidentally inflationary cost that we pass to our customers. So, I think one thing we can say for sure about our franchise is. Our products are very, very sticky, our products persist for many, many decades for example in the industrial sector. And we're in the post Moore's Law era, where the economic conditions have changed fundamentally. So I expect the pricing arena to be very steady across the industry. And in general in the years ahead and we will look for opportunities to pass on inflation, which is going to be persistent in the industry, I believe, in the coming quarters.
