Mindy Kohl: Thanks, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you haven't yet seen our first quarter fiscal 2011 release, you can access it by visiting our website at www.analog.com and clicking on the headline on the Home page. This conference call is also being webcast live. From analog.com, select Investor Relations, and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this call's completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived at our IR website. Participating in today's call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO; and Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. During the first part of today's call, Jerry and Dave will present our first quarter 2011 results as well as our short-term outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analyst participants. During today's call, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain nonrecurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures in today's earnings release, which is posted on the IR website. In addition, we have updated the schedules on our IR website, which includes the historical, quarterly and annual summary P&L for continuing operations as well as historical, quarterly and annual information for revenue from continuing operations by end market and by product type. Next, I'd ask you to please note that the information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that is provided on this call represents our outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause our outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the day of the live broadcast, which is February 15, 2011. With that, I'll turn it over to our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you, Jerry. During today's Q&A period, please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one follow-on question. We'll give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Mindy Kohl: Okay. That concludes our Q&A session. We appreciate your participation and look forward to talking with all of you again during our second quarter 2011 call scheduled for May 17. Thanks very much.
Jerald Fishman: Well, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on the first quarter conference call. The first quarter for ADI was another very good quarter across virtually every dimension. Despite fears of a possible very significant inventory correction and the continued economic uncertainty in many regions of the world, our revenue for the first quarter was at the levels that we had predicted three months ago, and the trends within each end market were mostly also right on target. Specifically, our revenues in the first quarter were $729 million, which were up 21% year-over-year and down about 5% sequentially, which was slightly above the midpoint of the guidance we provided last quarter. Our order trends during the quarter were very typical of what we experienced in the first fiscal quarter of our fiscal years. We saw some weakness in late November and December, consistent with the holiday-related shutdowns of our customers and also, of course, some inventory reductions, which was followed by a strong January. For the quarter, our book-to-bill ratio was approximately one, and our backlog increased slightly entering the second quarter. In addition, the order levels from our OEM customers increased from fourth quarter levels indicating that business conditions are stabilizing and in some cases improving. Clearly, we did not see this significant inventory correction at ADI that we all feared. We believe this was a direct result of our manufacturing strategy, which kept lead times short through the entire cycle and kept inventory levels at our distributors within historical norms. Customers were confident in our ability to deliver and as a result, there was little excess inventory in the supply chain. In addition, feedback from many of our largest customers indicates that they are optimistic about their business going forward, and their inventories appear to be in good control. Those comments in the recent order trend that we've seen provide us some comfort that we can achieve sequential revenue growth in the second fiscal quarter and hopefully, we can continue to see strength for the balance of the year. So now I'll turn the call over to Dave, who is going to provide you some more details about our financial results.
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think overall, the industrial market continues to represent one of the best opportunities for ADI. This is no longer a stodgy 3% growth business. This is a business that grew strongly last year and the year before, and in fact, over the last three or four years. There are many, many segments within industrial that are growing very quickly. The fact that even after the very significant growth that we had in industrial products in 2010, that we actually only declined 3% in Q1, which is seasonally a very weak quarter because there's less days in distribution and so on. To us, it's a very good sign that -- it's not that that business is going to grow 35% a year or like whatever up there [ph] we grew last year. But that's a solid growth for us. And I expect that if the economies tend to hold and at the pace they are being made, I think the Industrial business will be a very strong business for us. We've talked at some length about the Automotive business. That business has been one of the higher growth businesses for us as the portfolio keeps getting richer across applications in cars that tend to be in very high demand right now. So I think that business should be strong through the year. The Communications business has really been a mixed picture with the infrastructure in China being weaker in the first half. But the feedback we get is that's going to strengthen. And certainly, the wired part of our Communications business, which is much more dependent on penetration than the end equipment sales right now, should also grow. Now probably the remaining largest I've known is what happens in the Consumer businesses. And we have strong positions, but ultimately, that will be dependent on what consumers actually do. So that's about the best information we have about the rest of the year based on what we know right now.
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, we don't really make predictions by market segments here. It's just we don't have enough data to be accurate about it. But I think it's fair to say that when we look at the plans for that business for this year, we expect that to be a pretty good grower for us, both in an absolute sense and relative to many other products.
Jerald Fishman: Well, think it's really a combination of each location. We typically sell to the OEMs that build systems for companies. So if you look at the largest automotive suppliers for the large OEMs, the geography gets a little confusing because you have OEMs that are in Europe that supplies both Europe and America and other places, even China in some cases. So the geographic part isn't the most relevant part given that each of our suppliers has a worldwide business. But I would say that in aggregate, most of our OEMs that we sell to in the Automotive business are enthusiastic about the balance of the year. The volumes they are seeing are good, the desire for more electronics and more safety features, and we're selling parts that go into stability control systems, which are becoming part of legislation in many locations. So I mean, we're enthusiastic about that business. I can't quote you a growth rate and what's going to happen in any particular quarter and particularly those in the far future. But this business has become a good business for us. It's up there at $90 million or $100 million a quarter. It's been growing. We have good customers. And those programs with automotive manufacturers tend to be ones that take a long time to get. Once you get them, you keep them, unless you really screw it up. And we have a very good reputation with automotive customers, not only for the quality of our technology, but also the long-term reliability of our product, which is really important to those guys. So in automotive, we're continuing to put money into it. We're continuing to build the internal systems in the company to be a great supplier to the automotive customers. And so it's like anything else to Analog, it's not the only thing, and I can't even say it's the most important thing. But it's one of the drivers that we've been doing well at, and we think we'll continue to do well at.
Jerald Fishman: Well, it's hard to put a dollar number per car on this thing if that's what you're after. But our penetration in the automotive market, if you go back five, six, seven years ago, it was mostly airbag sensors. And we were a very important and high market shareholder, still are today, on airbag sensors and micromachine accelerometers. So I think our business in automotive has really expanded in a couple of different dimensions. Firstly, we're continuing to do all the safety stuff. We have a large business supply in automotive accelerometers. We also now are supplying micromachine gyroscopes for stability control applications and many other safety applications in cars. But also, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we're supplying a lot of parts into engine management. We're supplying battery management. We're supplying a lot of our DSPs that go into some of the high-end entertainment systems. So it's really a combination of sensors that just make a car run better to things that actually save energy to things that sound good to things that hopefully, save a lot of lives. There's a lot of people now on the stability control application, I believe, that stability control is more important than crash sensors because more people die when the car tips over and crashes into somebody. So that's really an emerging market for semiconductor sensors, and I think our gyroscope is a pretty good product in there. So I think it's in many, many different dimensions, but it's very hard to put a specific dollar content on it. But it's quite a bit many multiples of what it used to be.
Jerald Fishman: Well, again, you have to be a little careful on where the parts are board and where the parts are shipped. I think the amount of sales we have in China is not a huge amount of our sales in infrastructure despite common belief that that's the predominant part of our business. It's not today. But I tell you that a lot of -- and even within that sector or geography, a lot of products that are built by the Chinese base station manufacturers are shipped outside of China. So the geographies are a little confusing on that. I think our business is very well balanced between China, the U.S., Europe. And I think that's why even when the TD-SCDMA application goes a little cold for a couple of quarters, our Communications business still stays very strong.
Jerald Fishman: I mean, each standard, as they get better, takes higher and more signal processing content. So that business is certainly not sort of a stable business. Each generation, when it went from 2G to 3G and 3G to 4G and to any other standard that comes along, the speeds are higher, the density is higher and that requires higher performance products. So I think all those trends tend to be very favorable for us.
Jerald Fishman: It varies widely by how many radio cards actually were in every system. That's more the driver of that and the particular ASP. We get in any particular card because the configurations are so different. So I can't really give you a firm number on that.
Jerald Fishman: Well, it's all the things everybody fears and hopes for, on either side of that question. There's always concerns that, yes, there's still more inventory out there and what we're seeing isn’t real. That's certainly not our belief now, but that can certainly be the case. And we could see a complete collapse of consumer spending. We could see interest rates going up and people starting to cut back on capital spending. I mean, there's a long list of bogeymen out there that we worry about a lot. On the other hand, that's certainly not what our customers are telling us. So it depends on whether you want to be enthusiastic or pessimistic about it, but we just look at the trends. We listen carefully to what the customers are telling us. We had very good feedback from the largest customers in each of the segments that we serve. Amazingly, in Q1, the numbers, with all the complicated things that were going on and all the conflicting signals out there, I mean, we came in right down the middle, not only on the total, but within the segment, so it was pretty close. So we don't know any more than that. We just know. We follow the trends. We look very close to large customers. And we integrate all that, come up with a number for next quarter, and that's about all we can do.
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, the real challenge for us is ADI spends about $500 million a year in R&D. If you can get more output for every dollar of input, it's very profitable and it'd be very appealing to investors. So we've been working not so much on the creative part of that, which is always something we work on. But there's a lot of systematic parts to getting new products out. And there is, like in every company, we have some that sell and some that don't. And there's always the challenge of figuring out those in advance rather than after the fact. So I think we are looking at each of the businesses very carefully. We're looking where the productivity in the R&D is the highest. We're trying to emulate the practices in those businesses in the parts where the R&D productivity has not been good. And we're trying to make changes to reflect the best practices in the company. But certainly, early on the best way you can do that is really understand where it is, that the productivity is the highest and where it isn't and how do you fix the places that aren't and make them look like the places that are. So I don't think there's anything magical here. It's just when we look forward, one of the greatest opportunities for sales growth in Analog is getting more productivity out of the R&D we're spending. We're spending plenty of money on R&D, and we're getting good results out of it. And the payback, obviously, with the margins we're running is pretty good. But I think it could be better, and we're going to work hard to get there.
Jerald Fishman: Yes, that's certainly the way we're going to get there. I mean, it's easy to quote those statistics and say, "Well, we're going to grow sales higher than expected." But we don't like to say that until we got to be to how we're going to do that. Much the same way as, when we said we're going to get the margins of the business up and everybody asked lightly, is that just the usual CEO stuff and CFO stuff. You really got some ideas how to do it? And we said we wouldn't have said it if we didn’t have ideas, and we wouldn't talk about the sales growth rate if we didn't have some ideas on how to get there.
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, we'll just have to wait and see. I mean, nobody has really a phenomenal visibility into what happens six months or nine months or a year from now. So everyone just has guesses. Certainly, that's what we hope would happen, and there are reasons to believe it might happen. But we're struggling to get the numbers right for next quarter first. That's our most important thing, and to plan the company around a set of numbers that we can meet. And so when you look out further than that, it's really just speculation at this point. So I think we'll have to all sit around and hold our breath and wait and see what happens this quarter, and then we'll give you a sense of what's likely to happen sort of after that.
Jerald Fishman: Sure. Well, I think it's much more a design-sensitive business with long product life cycles than, let's say, some of the other applications and consumer products who spend that much faster design cycles. So we approach the Automotive business with a mentality that says, "If we can do something nobody else can do and do it better and do it at pretty good margins, then that's a good business for us." And if we're going to be in the Automotive business, we'd need two [ph] products that there's four people and then they line them up against the wall and they take the lowest price, long term, that's not going to be a great business for us. It may be a great business for the companies. So we're really trying to push the technology window and provide very innovative technology at a reasonable price to customers and not focus on applications that every six months or a year are out for bid. And we've been successful doing that. If we do a good job for the customers, I think they'll stick with us in that business. And if we don't, they'll look for alternatives.
Jerald Fishman: Well, with our channel partners, as I think we've mentioned in the past, we tend to set their inventory levels more than they do. We listen very respectfully to what they want, and then we look at what they're going to sell through. And that's how we provide inventory towards and that's how we've done it through both the up and the down cycle. As far as large customers go, they give us a forecast. Some of our customers, we ship into a warehouse and they pull out from that warehouse. But we get those numbers very frequently, and we keep a pretty good balance on that. Generally, the conversion rates that we see from the large OEM customers that pull from hubs or central [ph] inventory points, is actually very good. So we usually have a pretty good beat on what our OEM customers' going to take for the quarter. I don't know if that helps you, but that's the best I can do.
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think as long as revenues keep growing, which we'll have to wait and see how that goes, we are making strategic hires in various parts of the business. So I don't think it will be the only driver, but it'll be one driver and the one that reacts the quickest to what happens. But we keep a very tight fist on hiring new people, but we're in some very exciting growth businesses. We got to put some more resource into some of the businesses. We tend to balance that out with other business that we put less resource in. But I think in aggregate, if business stays strong, we'll probably do some hiring as we did last quarter in some of the most important businesses we have. But on the other hand, we've got a pretty good hammer on making sure it doesn't run away with us, and it keeps under very tight control because we are still, I believe, we got more leverage out of us.
Jerald Fishman: Obviously, when the Industrial business grows the fastest, that's when we get our highest incremental gross margins.
Jerald Fishman: I would say that there's no one area in product or one area in markets that really sticks out. I think we have good design traction in all the market segments that we're investing in. We stopped putting R&D into the Computer business, so I would say we're getting a ton of design wins there. But we're putting in the R&D, our traction is very good across all the market segments and certainly, most of the product segments.
Jerald Fishman: I mean, typically, the turns business is somewhere inversely proportional to the lead times. So if you keep your lead times short, customers tend to believe they can get product quicker so there's more turns business and less inventory. If your lead times go out, just the opposite happens. So I think the only way you can ever win in this game is keep the lead time short, or else, you really don't have a clue of what's going on.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Jerry. As Jerry mentioned, first quarter revenues were $729 million, declining 5% sequentially, but increasing 21% from last year. Gross margins were slightly above guidance at 66.2% in the first quarter, compared to 67% in the prior quarter. Gross margins declined modestly as a result of lower levels of production at our internal fabs and a slightly unfavorable product mix. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $223 million, and that was an $8 million or 3.4% sequential decline from the prior quarter. In the first quarter, we benefited from our lower and more variable operating expense structure and in particular, from lower variable compensation payments versus the fourth quarter. Our operating margins held up very well despite the sequential revenue decline. Operating profits for the first quarter were $259 million or 35.6% of sales, down only slightly from our record 37.1% of sales in the prior quarter and a result of continued strength in gross margins and lower operating expenses. Other expenses was approximately $600,000, and that was compared to $2.3 million of other income in the prior quarter. The decrease was the result of having recorded a one-time gain on the sale of some unused real estate in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate for continuing operations was 16.7% this quarter versus 21.9% in the prior quarter. The decline was due to a few one-time tax benefit items, including the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit for calendar year 2010. Excluding these tax-related benefit items, our tax rate was 21.7%, and we expect that will continue for the remainder of 2011. Our weighted average share count was 309 million shares. We repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares or $114 million of ADI stock this quarter. However, the share count increased in the quarter as a result of the higher stock price and our stock option exercise activity being a little bit more robust than usual. Going forward, we anticipate that we will continue to be active buyers of ADI stock. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.70 compared to $0.73 in the prior quarter. Excluding one-time tax benefit items, non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.66. Diluted EPS from the gain on the sale of discontinued operations was $0.02 at the time of the sale of the cellular handset radio and baseband chipset business to MediaTek in the first fiscal quarter of 2008. We placed $10 million of the sale proceeds in escrow. These funds were released to ADI in the first quarter of 2011 and as a result, in Q1, we had a gain from discontinued operations, net of tax, of $6.5 million or $0.02 per share. Our cash generation continue to be strong as we generated 30% of our revenue or $217 million in operating cash flow, and our cash balance is now approximately $3 billion versus $2.7 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Net cash at the end of the first quarter was approximately $2.4 billion. Capital expenditures were $26 million, and that resulted in free cash flow of $191 million or 26% of revenue for the quarter. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per outstanding share of common stock that will be paid on March 23, 2011, to all shareholders of record at the close of business on March 4, 2011. Our accounts receivable balance decreased sequentially by approximately 1%, and our days sales outstanding increased by two days to 48 days in the first quarter. All of our customers are current to their terms. In anticipation of a stronger second quarter, inventory on our balance sheet at the end of the first quarter increased by 2% compared to the immediately prior quarter, and our days of inventory were 105 days. Our distributor inventory also increased by 2% in anticipation of a stronger quarter for the second quarter. Lead times for our direct OEM customers remain similar to last quarter and are in good control, with 98% of our shipments to OEMs occurring within six weeks and 99% within eight weeks. All in all, the quarter was right on plan across virtually every operating metric. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jerry, who will discuss the results from each of our end markets and provide our short-term outlook.
David Zinsner: So answering your second question, Uche, yes, the stabilization of the order pattern happened in both the disti and OEM space. The disti inventory continues to look to be in pretty good shape, and their days of inventory are running kind of in the eight weeks that they normally target. It’s only up a couple percent from last quarter really just gearing up for what we believe will be a stronger second quarter.
David Zinsner: It's roughly 50-50. About 50% of our revenue was derived from products manufactured internally, 50% externally. Gross margins are a little bit higher, obviously, internally. But that has more to do with the mix of products that we produce internally. It tends to be more geared to industrial products that tends to be our highest gross margin products in the company.
David Zinsner: It's going to run around this range. We roughly target CapEx to be somewhere in the 3% to 4% of revenue. I suspect every quarter, we'll run somewhere in that range.
David Zinsner: So utilization for first quarter was up 75%. That was down from about 80% in the prior quarter. We're expecting it, obviously, to pick up as we expect revenues to be up in the second quarter. I'd say it will be up a few percentage points. On the inventory side, we took inventories up to 105 days, also in anticipation of a stronger second quarter. Our goal is really to kind of keep it in the 100-day range. So we're going to try to target bringing the days of inventory back down, closer to 100 over the course of this year.
David Zinsner: Sure. I mean, I think the primary driver is going to be, obviously, utilization and revenue growth. As we grow sales, we will obviously be increasing production. Also, we have an amount of fixed expense within the cost of sales that when sales increase, that's beneficial to the gross margins. I think that's the biggest single driver for gross margins going forward. Obviously, from quarter-to-quarter, the mix will certainly impact it. But mix tends to be a fairly minor driver of gross margins.
David Zinsner: Well, it's a difficult question to answer only because half our business comes from products manufactured mostly externally. And so we don't get a lot of incremental lift for increased revenue on those parts of our business. But obviously, in the internal side, we do get a fair amount of incremental margin when production revenues increased. So it's certainly higher than the 66% or thereabouts gross margins we're running on the incremental basis to be close to 80% probably on average. Certainly, on products that are higher than that and if the mix is higher towards internal, then it would be higher than that. If the mix is more towards the external, then it would obviously be lower than that.
David Zinsner: Again, that's a number that's difficult to quantify given that half our backlog or more than half our backlog is from disti, and we don't obviously recognize revenue when we ship. But if you kind of did a back-of-the-napkin analysis, it's very similar to last quarter sort of on a rough order magnitude basis and kind of on the lower end of historical norms.
