Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and related financial schedules at investor.analog.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be archived in the Investors section of our website.  Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.  Our commentary about ADI's second quarter financial results will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our second quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we've posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com.  Okay. So with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, C.J. And I'll just remind you, our long-term growth in that business, we say, is over 2x GDP. If you look at the 5-year CAGR in that business, it's right up -- it's about 8%, 9%. So that's kind of the long-term growth for that business, and we think that's a great growth for -- it's 50% of our business and it throws off great cash. Do you have a follow up, C.J.? Actually, you fit in 2 questions there. Let's move to the next caller. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thank you, Jennifer. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available, and all available reconciliations and information can also be found at the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. Thanks for joining and your continued interest in ADI. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Tore. Well, as I said in the prepared remarks, there are really kind of 2 phases to 5G, at least from an ADI perspective. There is the pre-millimeter phase and the millimeter phase. And the pre-millimeter phase is really dominated by this massive MIMO expansion, which is really an overlay on 4G. So our software-defined transceivers are absolutely everywhere in the systems that are being brought to market this year and next year. In fact, it's one of the fastest-growing product sectors inside ADI. So that's been a very strong contributor to our communications business and, in fact, beyond. These transceiver technologies, because they're so flexible, are usable as well in places beyond communications. Also, the combination of Hittite and ADI from RF to bits and microwave to bits is enabling us to capture new content in kind of pre-5G systems. But it's the combination of our massive MIMO, our Hittite ADI microwave and millimeter wave to bits technology that is enabling us to be participating in virtually all these field trials across the globe. My sense, Tore, is that U.S. and China will be in the kind of '19, '20 time frame. We'll be at least trialing some particular applications. China will get faster to mass market, I think, with what they call 5G, which is really to me, 4.5G plus massive MIMO. So I hope that explains what it is we're doing. And in the run up to what will be pure 5G in the 2024, 2025 time frame where the core network gets changed with virtualization, edge computing and pure millimeter wave-type technologies, spanning multiple different frequency levels. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question. So the way we view it in the short term, there's a certain amount of fixed CapEx in place to upgrade the various networks across the globe and particularly in China. So my sense is that there are many other competitors in play who will fill the demand for building out the networks across the globe. We have factored into our numbers a potential continued embargo with regard to ZTE, so it's built into our numbers. It was a small amount of headwind for the company last quarter. So I think, overall, most geos are up in communications for ADI, we're gaining share. You know, my sense is as well, just we're obviously staying close to the situation as best we can tell, the negotiation outcomes that are taking place. But I will tell you, clearly, U.S. and China need each other. And I think trade between both is very, very critical. My sense is that sense will prevail and the need for free trade, unencumbered trade will prevail. And we're expecting political leaders to figure this out. So my sense is at the end of the day, there's demand there for more and more connectivity. Carriers are determined to keep building their networks out, to capture the opportunity to build their revenue and profit streams. And that demand is going to be fulfilled one way or the other. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, so as you know, Craig, our Consumer business is a tale of 2 -- we've got 2 different stories there. One is our prosumer, which looks a lot like our B2B market, with lots of customers, products and different applications globally. And that business has been strengthened as well with the addition of the LTC revenue and applications. And that's in the $300 million-plus area, so it's a significant portion of Consumer for ADI. We're expecting, looking into our -- somewhere in the back end of third quarter and fourth quarter, we're expecting what is normally a seasonally strong quarter to be so. We've stated previously that Consumer will be down 20% to 30% for the year, and this is how the year appears to be trending now. So our strategy remains the same, to focus -- or to leverage our technologies into areas of very, very high differentiation where we can get a higher return on investment. And we continue to execute against that strategy. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, great. Thanks for the questions, C.J. So the industrial business has been doing extraordinarily well, as you mentioned. We continued to be driving this with the technology investments that we've made. It is across the board, C.J. It is all geographies, it is all products. So this is really a combination of the strength of a global expanding environment, and you know the PMI continues to be in an expansionary phase. And that's compounded by the technology investments that have been made over the last several years, which have now come together at a time where you can really see the driver in automation, you can see the driver in our instrumentation business. So it's really across the board, and it's hard to point to any one particular segment because it is so broad based and it's a reflection of the investments that have been made over the last several years. From where we sit today, and you can see it reflected in our guidance for the coming quarter, we feel very strong about the coming quarter. The outlook is solid. Our book-to-bill is greater than 1. Information from the channels, the information Vince gets from his customer visits are all continuing to tell us that we're going to see this run for a bit longer. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question. So first, as a reminder, we have not moved to ASC 606, so remember that our revenue is recognized on sell-through from the channel. So we really do provide our investors a reflection of what is the actual activity happening at the customer level. The inventory that we're seeing in our channel now, roughly 7.5 weeks, that's relatively consistent with where we have been. And we would expect, just through the normal course of business and over the course of the rest of the fiscal year, we'd expect to see that come down a bit. The inventory that we have in-house is at 116 days. That's an improvement of about 8 days from where we were in the first quarter. We are comfortable kind of in that 115 to 120, so I think that's where you'll see us for the balance of the period. Our sales organization does work very closely with channel partners to monitor that order activity to ensure that we're being mindful of the order lead times and ensuring that, that behavior is appropriate. But again, the biggest metric for us is -- the revenue we're reporting is on sell-through, so it's really not impacted by any noise in the channel, whether they're building or subtracting from inventory. 
Vincent Roche: Good question, Ross. Thank you. Well, today, with the acquisition of LT, our business now is about 50-50 between wireless and wireline. The wireless business, my sense is that can grow in the high single digits for quite a while to come. That's my long-term growth objective in that business. Wired is somewhere in the kind of mid-single digits as it has been growing, and I think that's a reasonable way to balance the growth expectations across that business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think the areas where we believe that we'll see the growth uptake in the shorter term, kind of over the next 2 years, that will be in the probably communications as well as automotive areas. We have sockets already in place now that we should see the uptake on. And it's going to take -- to get to what I would consider to be the objective to put a couple points more of total growth on the company's top line, it will take in the kind of 3 -- 2- to 4-year kind of area. And if Hittite is any indication, given that the technologies play in similar markets, we're virtually 4 years into the closure of the Hittite acquisition. And over that period of time, we have managed to double the growth rates of Hittite in that period of time. So given, Ross, that we expect for every dollar of ADI revenue, which is largely mixed-signal base, we expect $1 of power. That's the kind of opportunity spread we're looking at, but it's going to take us 2 to 4 years, I think, to see any meaningful change to the top line. 
Vincent Roche: Good question, Craig. And if you consider 5G to be the initial introduction of 5G to be adding massive MIMO to 4G core network, I think we'll see meaningful revenue in the 2020 time frame. And I still think that 4G, without massive MIMO, will be a significant portion of revenue into the kind of 2022 timeframe. So somewhere between 2022 and 2025, we'll start to see what we will consider to be 5G become a more dominant part of our wireless communications infrastructure revenue. So at this point, Craig, it's a bit of a guess based on trying to triangulate on all the various conversations we have with carriers and customers. But I think, clearly, we're starting to see the uptick in 4.5G, or as it's called in China, 5G, massive MIMO based on 4G infrastructure at this point. So hopefully, that helps to give a bit of clarity to you. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Well, Tore, remember that we have now completed the implementation of all of our synergies related to the acquisition of Linear. So we now have built into our run rate the cost synergies that we committed to at the time of the acquisition. So that is contributing as well to the gross margin strength. And then I would also say that with volumes where they are, we're getting the benefit of strong utilization at our internal fabs. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Thanks for the question, Craig. So yes, it was a great quarter for us in free cash flow, but I do want to remind folks that our cash flow can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. So the right way to measure us is on a trailing 12 month, and we finished this quarter with trailing 12 month of $1.9 billion. So we recognize that this franchise throws off a considerable amount of cash and, therefore, we want to be very thoughtful on how we deploy that excess cash once we achieve our 2x leverage ratio, which we would expect to do in the next 2 quarters. We're very mindful of the debt that we took on as a result of the Linear acquisition as well as the opportunities that we have in front of us with the share repurchase dividend and potentially some other uses as well. So it's something that we spend some quite a bit of time internally debating. And I think you'll hear from us in a coming earnings release that we're ready to talk more about our capital allocation strategy once we clear that important 2x threshold. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, just another bit of color on that. All the macro dynamics that we talked about that I used in the -- I talked about at the start of my prepared remarks there benefit the industrial sector. So my sense is, from talking to customers globally, as has been the case at least for the last couple of years, they're pragmatically optimistic about the future that we're in a longer-term secular growth trend across the various applications in industrial. And I think the optimism is even across automation, instrumentation and the aerospace and defense areas. So I think our customers are feeling good. And I'm also feeling very, very good about where we are and where the market is. 
