Richard Puccio: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, our first quarter 2024 was a 14 week quarter, so we are going to limit our comparisons this quarter to year-over-year only. Second quarter revenue of $2.16 billion finished above the midpoint of our outlook. This result was down 34% year-over-year. Industrial represented 47% of revenue in the quarter and was down 44% year-over-year. As expected, all applications were impacted by inventory digestion. However, aerospace and defense revenues outperformed broader industrial. Automotive represented 30% of revenue and was down 10% year-over-year. Continued growth in our leading connectivity and functionally safe power franchises balanced broad-based declines elsewhere. Communications represented 11% of revenue and was down 45% year-over-year. Inventory digestion and weaker demand impacted both our wireline and wireless businesses. Lastly, consumer represented 11% of revenue and was down 9% year-over-year with growth in portables, partially offsetting declines across other applications. Now let's move from the top-line to the rest of the P&L. Second quarter gross margin was 66.7%, down sequentially and year-over-year, driven by unfavorable mix, lower revenue and lower utilization as we continue to reduce inventory. Operating expenses in the quarter were $598 million, down significantly year-over-year, driven by lower variable compensation and strong organization wide execution on cost control. Operating margin of 39% exceeded the high end of our outlook. Non-operating expenses finished at $64 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 10.6%. The net result was EPS of $1.40 above the high end of our outlook. Our financial position is solid, and I'd like to call out a few items from our balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended Q2 with more than $2.3 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net leverage ratio of 1.1. During the quarter, we raised $1.1 billion of debt for general corporate purposes, including upcoming debt maturities. Inventory decreased $74 million sequentially, and days declined to 192 from 201. As planned, we have reduced channel inventory this quarter with weeks ending at approximately eight. Operating cash flow for the quarter and trailing 12 months was $0.8 billion and $4.3 billion respectively. CapEx for the quarter and trailing 12 months was $188 million and $1.2 billion respectively. We continue to expect fiscal '24 CapEx to be roughly $700 million, which is a reduction of approximately 45% versus 2023, as our hybrid manufacturing investment cycle tapers. Not included in these figures are the benefits from both the European and U.S. CHIPS acts. During the last 12 months, we generated $3.1 billion of free cash flow or 29% of revenue. Over the same time period, we have returned roughly 110% of our free cash flow via dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our policy is to return 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders over the long-term. Now I'll turn to the third quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.27 billion plus or minus $100 million, up 5% sequentially at the midpoint. Once again, we expect sell through to be higher than sell in. At the midpoint, we expect all B2B markets to increase sequentially with the fastest growth in industrial, and for consumer to exhibit seasonal strength. Operating margin is expected to be 40% plus or minus 100 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be between 11% 13%, and based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.50 plus or minus $0.10. Before passing it back to Mike to begin Q&A, I'll share some final thoughts on our near-term. As Vince indicated, we believe we are at the beginning of a cyclical recovery as our bookings increased throughout the quarter and we exited 2Q with a book-to-bill above parity for the first time in well over a year. No doubt cyclical transitions can be challenging, but they also provide opportunity for outsized business acceleration when approached with a balance of fiscal discipline, smart risk taking and strong execution. ADI has always excelled in these areas and we look forward to driving outstanding value for our stakeholders in the quarters to come. With that, I'll pass it back to Mike for Q&A.
Richard Puccio: Sure, Tore. This is Rich, and I'll take that one. Industrial obviously is our most diversified and profitable end market, and it's weathered an unprecedented broad-based inventory correction over the past year. Importantly, we expect Q2 was the bottom for industrial and it will grow in the second half starting here in 3Q. Stronger PMIs are supporting the broad-based bookings we've seen for the three consecutive quarters now. As mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are planning to reduce channel inventory further in Q3, which impacts industrial more than any other market. This will be more than a year of under shipping consumptions, one reason we believe inventory headwinds have stabilized for industrial. Given these dynamics and the exciting design wins and AI related tailwinds in our instrumentation and test business, which Vince alluded to, we feel strongly we are at the beginning of the industrial recovery.
Richard Puccio: Vince, I would add to that. While it's impossible to get perfect visibility into our end customer inventory, certainly the signals that we monitor tell us that, customer inventories are much healthier than they were previously as we enter the second half. This is also aided by our belief that, we have been under shipping under consumption for over a year now both in the channel and direct.
Richard Puccio: Sure. I'll take that one. From a gross margin and utilization perspective, we talked a little bit about this in the first quarter call. We expect both utilization and gross margin bottomed in our Q2. However, we do expect the pace of gross margin expansion in the second half to be modest. Specifically for Q3, we anticipate gross margin a bit above 67%. Looking from here, gross margins expansion is going to be dictated by continued revenue growth, mix of business and utilization. From a balance sheet perspective, since our peak in Q3, we've reduced balance sheet inventory significantly, including over $70 million in Q2. For the third quarter, we expect to reduce inventory again by a lesser amount than in Q2. Overall, we executed pretty strongly against our inventory reduction goals, while mitigating the impact on gross margin, leveraging our dynamic hybrid manufacturing model. One of the things that's been super helpful in protecting us in this trough is the flexibility to swing capacity back into our fabs to help to maintain utilization. We've done that effectively, which is why we called the floor on utilization. I expect that utilizations as the demand continues to increase will start to increase and aid in our margin expansion. From a channel, as Mike mentioned, from a channel perspective, our goal was to reduce by $100 million we achieved. We will reduce an additional amount in Q3 to a lesser degree. Ultimately, we expect that this will get us firmly back into our target range of seven to eight weeks of inventory in the channel.
Richard Puccio: Yes. So I think a couple of things, right? As we talked about -- the resiliency of our manufacturing process allows us to swing capacity in and out which allows us to offset some of the down cycle pressure on margins because we're able to keep utilization at a higher level given that swing capacity. Obviously, we continue to look for productivity and are executing on productivity improvements across all of our internal fabs. So I think that helps. And then if you think at an overall operating margin perspective, we've been demonstrating and we'll continue to demonstrate pretty strong operational control over expenses. Look, we expect we'll continue to see expansion in the margin as we grow and as revenue returns to a growth phase, we will get comfortably back into our long-term margin model.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Rich. Let's get to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please re-queue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, we will have our first question please.
Michael Lucarelli: Tore, on the outlook comment, you're right. Just to clarify what we said, of the B2B markets, industrial grow the fastest, consumer will grow faster than industrial in 3Q. If you want to just kind of back it down a little bit, consumer is probably growing about 10% sequentially and industrial is probably closer to mid-single-digits and the other two markets are probably a little bit below that industrial level, but all markets should grow in 3Q.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sure. It's actually good question. It's above one in all end markets. Not all applications within end markets are above one though. And if you think about the shape of that bookings throughout the quarter, we talked about last earnings call, bookings improved. It started below parity and exit the quarter above parity and that's across all markets and geographies. But again, I reiterate, it's not all applications and we talked a little bit about on the last question about what applications are above one. You can think of some instrumentation, some automation, some aerospace and defense within industrial. Broad-based improvement in bookings across all market geographies is really the main takeaway.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, Harlan, it's Mike. Yes, the direct order we talked about our -- direct orders as well as channel orders, but what's driving the growth is direct sales, out of the channel on a sell-through basis as well imaged directly to our end customers. So yes, it's not about -- we're not growing because the channel is refilling. We're growing because there's real demand out there on the end market level across all of our markets.
Michael Lucarelli: All right. Thank you, Joe, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all reconciliations are there as well. Have a great Memorial Day weekend, and thank you for listening on ADI's call.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think one other piece of color, Tore, is that, the obviously, the aerospace and defense business is doing well. We've a lot of high prospects for that over the coming years. But I think, in general, geographically, it's been on the upward in terms of demand and across most of the segments, and particularly the ones that Rich pointed out.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Toshiya. Look, first off, we believe we've seen the bottom of the cycle. As Mike indicated, the stronger PMIs that we've seen, particularly in the industrial sector, give us a lot of confidence, and there's a strong correlation between our industrial business, which is about half of the company's total revenue. As we've said now a few times, bookings and backlog coverage for the next several months beyond this quarter would give us strong indications that we expect continued growth during the second half of the year. I'll also point out, I think for 2025, we will have a brisk growth year, that's my sense. We are asked all the time, what's the shape going to be? I don't really know what the exact shape is going to be, but I think we're on the upward trajectory. We have confidence in that across the board.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Look, I think it's very hard to answer that question, simply because when history is written, we're going to get the average of what's happened pre-pandemic and post-pandemic. There's been so much ringing in the system, demand overshoot and then demand undershoot. But my sense is, certainly from our perspective, I think we are very well-positioned to be able to capture the upside if things grow faster than we expect. We have got a lot of inventory on the balance sheet. We've kept inventory closer to ADI less downstream. We've got as well a tailwind here from AI, which I think is going to be a multi-year tailwind. We have got that pushing us along. But at the same time, still we've got high interest rates, we've got still relatively high inflation in many places. I think ultimately the size of the recovery and the pace of the recovery will have a strong economic and geopolitical tone to it. But, overall, my sense is, we'll see good growth for the remainder of this year and strong growth in 2025. Beyond that, I think we've got many, many growth drivers that we feel very confident about. We're selling more value into each of our customers and each of our segments. I feel good about the place that semis are in as an industry right now as well in terms of overall demand, as the edge becomes more intelligent and the cloud builds out. But very, very hard to give you an answer on the puts and takes. I mean, the dynamics of the relatively near-term are hard to decode. But what we can tell you is, given where PMIs are at, given where our demand is at, we are in a recovery phase.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I can help you out there, Vivek. I think your question is kind of what sell in versus sell through. We talked about last year. We talked about reducing the channel inventory by about $100 million. We achieved that in our 2Q. We actually did a little better than that. As you look to 3Q, we'll reduce channel dollars again, but not by that much, not nearly $100 million, much less than $100 million. So, we're getting more normal in the channel as our weeks are coming down into our target range. That normalization is helping some of the growth, but sell through is also increasing in 3Q from 2Q, which is really how we drive the business and look at for indication. As you fast forward to 4Q, if these bookings continue, we don't know. There's no reason to think we won't be more in balance in 4Q from a ship in versus ship out perspective as well, and then we'll see how 1Q goes from there. I think that's kind of the question you're asking is, there's piece Rich talked about and Vince talked about the customer's inventory that's leading out. If you look at us and what we're shipping in the channel that's also normalizing setting us up for a good second half in 2025.
Vincent Roche: Let me make a comment on the pricing side of things. Across the portfolio, our pricing has been very, very stable and I expect that to continue. Our products are very sticky. The franchise is very, very diversified. It's got lots of long life products in it. We tend to hang on to our sockets for, I think, on an average more than a decade. Clearly, where the competition is for the new sockets. But ADI has the premier innovation system in the analog mixed signal space and we have been pushing that innovation. While others are focused on volume, we're focused on value. I think it's a very, very different approach to things. We are not a commodity supplier at all. So we are not immune to price pressure, but we are more protected I think and we have better meat because of the innovation that we generate. I'll note as well, our ASPs are more than 4x the average. It's our innovation premium that enables us as well to capture more value and to produce the kind of gross margins that that we do.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ross. We've always acquired assets that get ADI ahead of customers' needs. We tend to take a long-term view, get ahead of our customers' needs. Obviously, we've been very, very selective. I will say, Ross, it's fair to say that, in terms of scale and scope of analog high performance franchise, we are where we need to be. Analog mixed signal power, we've got a wonderful power franchise now. But we've been adding, I alluded in my remarks or stated in my prepared remarks that, we have been putting more software content, more digital content and we've also been for about seven or eight years now developing machine learning, neural networking capability. Those are areas where as the world becomes more and more software defined, that is clearly an area where ADI has been organically investing. We've done some more tuck-in type acquisitions as well that help us in that area. But I think right now, we are really focused on making sure that, we fully capture all the synergies, from the revenue synergies from Maxim. But we're always looking, by the way. We're always looking for assets. But clearly I think analog is complete and it's other areas we're now looking.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, yes, I think surging demand is a problem of a high quality. And as -- we have virtually 200 days of inventory in our balance sheet, stage primarily at the die socket level. So that gives us a tremendous amount of output that we could bring within weeks to the market. It's a question of packaging and test to a first approximation. Obviously, we're carrying finished goods as well. We have also spent $2.5 billion plus on making sure that we have internal capacity in our 4 internal fabs to be able to meet the demands across the nodes that produce most of the revenue for ADI. We've got great partners, partners like TSMC, for example, who are a critical part of our hybrid manufacturing model. So I think in terms of the ability to be able to address a really short order snapback is good, just given the coverage that we've got with internal inventories. Our distributors are carrying virtually 8 weeks as well as inventory. And then we've got all this new capacity. We've more than doubled the internal capacity on the critical nodes that address every single market that we that we participate in. So I think in terms of manufacturing agility, inventories, we're in good shape.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think, Joe, as well, in addition to what Rich has said, it's important to point out that, first and foremost, we're innovation-centered, and if you look at the vintage bands of our products in each of the segments, the big segments that we address, industrial, automotive, consumer and communications, we're seeing ASP increases year-on-year. We're putting more value into our products. We're capturing more value. So I think that is kind of the root of things when I look forward. That's -- I mean that's what's happening to -- that's the origin, if you like, of the margin story for ADI. Our diversity helps us a lot. Our franchise isn't as price-sensitive as many. And as I said earlier, the life cycles matter. When we get our products designed in the pricing is tremendously stable. The other thing that's been happening from a price dynamic over the last several years is that whereas Moore's Law kind of taught everybody that we could give back a lot of the value that was generated in prior years, in the New Year. That has stopped. We asymptote roughly to zero now. We don't give price away. We compete for sockets, computed innovation, but that is really the origin of ADI's margin story.
