David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everybody. We appreciate you taking the time to join us today for our first quarter call. Clearly, the strength and operating fundamentals that the multifamily space has enjoyed the last 6 quarters or so has certainly carried over into the first quarter 2012 and should continue for the balance of the year. And those fundamentals drove our first quarter results, which came in very much in line with our expectations.  Our same-store revenue growth in the quarter was 5.5% and same-store NOI growth was a very strong 7.8%. Our new lease rates are pretty much where we thought they'd be and renewal rates continue to trend in the sixes just as we had expected. So we feel very good about where we sit today and to help you understand how we're currently positioned moving in to our primary leasing season, I'm going to hand the call over to Fred and he'll share a bit about the current trends we're seeing across our markets.
David J. Neithercut: Well, we're always actively selling deals, Dave. And we've got properties out in the marketplace in Orlando, Jacksonville and Phoenix and most of the markets that you'd expect us to be disposing of assets. The remains of what we think is a pretty good bid for those assets. Fannie and Freddie continue to finance them. And we don't see any reason why we'd be unable to meet a goal of $1.25 billion on the disposition side. A lot of that will be a function of what kind of acquisition opportunities that we can find. Because our acquisition business is really self-funded from the disposition side. And our guys tell us that there could be interest in a large portfolio. There are a lot of people out there with a lot of capital that would be very interested in putting a lot of it to work in a single transaction. And if we wanted to do that, I think we could and do so very successfully.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, we're -- continue to sell assets in many of those markets. As we continue to focus more on the higher density core markets. But I'm not sure that they are necessarily priorities. We'll continue to sell assets on a one-off basis across those -- some of those markets and continue to reduce our exposure there.
David J. Neithercut: Less than you think. A lot of people have worked a lot on this over the last 9 months or so to get us in a position to have made the original bid that we made back in the fourth quarter. But since that time, I'll tell you it's just been myself and Mark Parrell and Bruce Strohm, our General Counsel. They're just the guys that are really running the railroad day-to-day basis, have not been distracted at all.
David J. Neithercut: I mean it's just like there's just not a lot of supply, not a lot of product and we sort of seen this for the past 3 or so years. And generally, the beginning of the year, we've not seen much and it sort of picked up more towards the end of year. But that's something that's happened over the last several years and I wouldn't say that's its seasonal would imply that it's been for an extended time period. I think if you would look back at our acquisition activity over an extended time period, it's been fairly ratable during the year. But it's just been over the last few years or so that, that has been a little early on and we begin to see more as the year goes on.
David J. Neithercut: Right. And I would say that would be really a property by property sort of decision, Alex. We run these things, not just property-by-property but unit type-by-unit type. So certainly the answer to your question is yes. But really would be on a property-by-property basis.
David J. Neithercut: I think you should -- it's a very good question and you should interpret that as just kind of trading, right? We're trading out of Jacksonville and trading some assets in Orlando, and trading some assets in Phoenix and were just trying to trade into other assets that we think will represent a better total return over an extended time period than what we realize if we were to stay in the assets that we're selling.
David J. Neithercut: Well, look, we track rents as a percentage of income, and the numbers are still -- demonstrate that there's significant amount of runway across all of our markets.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, we just stayed in perspective relative to the past, the actual numbers kind of come down. As Fred and David mentioned that, we're losing residents that are unwilling or unable to pay our higher rents but having no problem attracting new residents who are willing to pay that rent. And those people that are willing to pay that rent have got incomes that support that rent significantly better than past residents.
David J. Neithercut: We feel very good about the multifamily space in 2012 and beyond for all the reasons we've been talking about for the last several years. Just the supply and demand situation is very compelling. The single-family homeownership situation is very compelling. The markets in which we're in, given the cost of the single-family home ownership kind is very compelling. So we continue to feel very good about this space. As I mentioned in response to Alex's question, we're trading assets from one market going into other markets and we think that the trade makes a lot of sense for the long-term.
David J. Neithercut: Well I would say it's probably more weighted toward specific markets. So I think Fred mentioned earlier, in San Francisco, 30% of our move outs, really for the last 2 to 3 quarters, have been due to price or too expensive. So when you see 30% for 3 quarters, that pretty much covers all profiles and demographics. And I think we've seen that for the last 2 quarters in Boston as well, 20%. So it's more of -- it's probably more of a lifestyle preference. And we just see it across all demographics.
David J. Neithercut: When I look at our credit statistics, we have a credit model and for the last 2 years, the number of people that are auto-approved, meaning we receive their Social Security Number, we run their credit and they're instantly approved, that number has been increasing. For Q1, it was the highest it's ever been. We look at the distribution of our FICO scores across all of our properties. The percentage of FICO scores above the 720 are the highest it's ever been. Again, this is partly due to the profile -- I'm sorry, the property repositioning but I think that's what we're after.
David J. Neithercut: No. $10,000 a door is what we budget to rehab 123 units that we acquired in Redwood City, California.
David J. Neithercut: Well, we continue to rehab. Probably spent $40 million to $50 million a year on rehab of properties out there. So that's 5,000 or so units a year, and we think there will continue to be some opportunity there. And again, we just think that the fundamentals of the business are such that we're going to have some pretty strong organic growth just through the ability to raise the top line just in our existing portfolio. So again we think that there's a lot of opportunity for the foreseeable future on the top line of our portfolio.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I mean, the over-arching trends kind of a remain the same. Of course, they just from the historical patterns but the number one reason has always been job, job transfer, job change. Historically, the number two reason was always buying home and then, rent increase. Too expensive was number four or number five on the list. Now depending upon which market you look at today, in some markets, home buying is number two, a place maybe like a Phoenix. But yet rent increase too expensive to be number three. In markets where we see tremendous rent growth, places like Denver, places like Boston, San Francisco, certainly without a doubt, the number two reason for moving out is rent increase too expensive. And every quarter, we pull the aggregate verbatim results. You mentioned our surveys. We look at the verbatim remarks that all of our residents moving out make. And it's definitely -- the rent increases are definitely a key driver in their decision.
David J. Neithercut: That's an important thing to point out as well. Fred mentioned that our turnover was up 100 basis points and 20 basis points of that stays within the family of Equity communities, either they are moving from one apartment to another or they're moving from a community in New York City to a community in L.A., and we track all of that.
David J. Neithercut: The guidance that we've given in the press release has nothing to do with Archstone and if something were to happen to Archstone, I'm not quite sure what would happen to the normal transaction activity.
David J. Neithercut: Well, we've not suggested at all. Our guidance suggest that we -- we have no intention of being a net acquirer this year. And in fact we'll acquire -- we'll sell whatever we need to sell to match the acquisitions and we're comfortable with our leverage levels. They're well within the ranges that we've been operating for the last 19 years and sometimes we've been up within that range, sometimes down in that range, and we're very comfortable with where we are today.
David J. Neithercut: You're speculating a great deal. And should we be able to work something out, we'll be delighted to give you the specifics at that time.
David J. Neithercut: I mean, is that what Lehman said, is that the question? I do believe Lehman said -- it's publicly stated something on along those lines, yes.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes. This is Fred Tuomi. As we mentioned, the first quarter kind of points to all the indicators right smack dab in the middle of our guidance. And the one area of our first quarter kind of held back a little bit. That would be -- the turnover was up in some of our key markets in January and February. And most of that turnover, when we dissected it, was these short-term corporate apartments that we had in there for late December, January, February in the key markets, the big rent markets like Boston, New York and lesser extent, in Seattle and San Francisco. So we had some of those high-paying premium units vacate during a slow period of the year so it's a little bit longer to refill them, and that's why we carried a little more vacancy during the Q1 than we had hoped for or really planned on. So first quarter was kind of -- the story was increased turnover due to some corporates, especially short-terms, some price resistance in our key markets leading to some lower occupancy. Now if you extrapolate that forward, like we said, that thing kind of guides us right towards the middle, around the middle of the range. We'll know more come July because the leasing season is just really cranking up. And the last couple of weeks, and in fact this week, very strong traffic, very strong leasing momentum building in those key markets like Boston's coming back quickly, San Francisco's coming back quickly, Seattle, Downtown and East Side, very strong, et cetera. So our strategy is that we held rates, we took that vacancy in Q1 and now we're going to refill the leasing season at higher rates. So in a perfect world of -- if the stars align, we could have good results. But right now, as I said before last quarter, we expect our average growth over last year of our base rents to be in the 5.5% range. If we get that, you can just kind of do the math and that's what we're saying kind of around the midpoint. But based on leasing season, that kind of the makes the year. So we'll know more here in just several weeks.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes. That's the essence of our -- what I meant by our strategy right now. We're happy right now to take that trade at a little more vacancy early in the year when there's not many transactions anyway. And keep our rent roll growing, keep our base rents up there and then just be waiting for the traffic to flow in the leasing season and fill up quickly at the higher rates versus tanking the rates, filling up and then be stuck with those leases throughout the year. So that shows confidence in the forward of the market in terms of demand will be there. And as I said earlier, the prices that we're at right now, we're not having a lot of resistance from new people coming in. Our rent to income ratio is still strong, credit is still strong, none of that has changed. So there is an ample supply of people willing, ready and able to pay the new leases. But we are already pitting that point of resistance on some renewals. And as I mentioned, the corporate people, as you top out the rents, plus the corporate premium, we're squeezing their margins. So naturally they're going to look for some alternatives at some point. So I would agree with you that things play out perfectly, that's going to be actually a good thing and not a bad thing at this point in the cycle. Different points in the cycle, you may play a different strategy.
Frederick C. Tuomi: This is Fred. One other point is, yes, we have that confidence at this point in the cycle also not only because of the traffic that as David mentioned, but based on the demographics, but don't forget about supply. There's still very little supply in the system this year, especially the first half of this year. So again that gives us confidence that this leasing season is going to be pretty favorable.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Okay. Swaroop, this is Fred Tuomi again. I mentioned home purchasing did tick up a little bit but still well inside of historic norms and still not really an issue on most of our markets. For the whole portfolio, Q1 of last year, home purchasing as a reason for move out was with 11.6, a very low number. Q1 of this year, its 12.6, so it's up 1 point. So up directionally, but still very, very small. The markets with the least home buying and actually a reduction, continued reduction in home buying, Seattle was down almost 1 point, Denver is down, Orange County is down, San Francisco is down, Boston is down. Those that did show an uptick, Maryland, where it's housing is fairly pretty cheap and plentiful, it went up 470 basis points. Atlanta, as you'd expect, where housing continues to go down the tubes, was up 380 basis points. Phoenix, we did see an uptick of 310 basis points. San Diego, as I mentioned earlier, did tick up, 240 basis points. L.A., we saw some home buying. So showing some confidence there maybe that's a good thing, it's up 200 basis points. In South Florida, with the continued clearing of the condos there and some of single-family I think that market has definitely bottomed out, prices are recovering strongly there in South Florida as well Phoenix, so that's why you see some people jumping in to buy there in South Florida.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Renewals, as I said, for the quarter averaged 6 6, April we closed out at a 6 9. May, we're quoting basically 9% and expect to achieve 7 or low 7s. June, we're quoting in the above 8 range and expect to achieve in the mid-to high 6s. In July, we're quoting an 8 as well. [Technical Difficulty]
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes. Well, job growth was revised up. We're saying now that we're going to get 50,000 jobs this year. I mean, that's the economist's prediction. I hope that's true. But so far, Q1 actually the local economic reports showed a job loss in L.A. So it's really bad -- that's what I meant when the job growth is expected to be back ended. You're still seeing some losses from the local city county state government and some manufacturing and some defense areas there. But entertainment is up slightly. The port net-net, imports, exports is up about 1%. And some of the defenses now retooling and selling to foreign governments, et cetera, et cetera. So that's our -- the expectation is some good growth coming second half of the year. And if you remember back the last couple of years, L.A. has kind of been fits and starts. It'll start getting some traction and then pause, and get some traction and then pause. And now it's on the steady upward swing but I'd say, the accelerator continues to go up and down. So we push rents, we get some good results and then it kind of stalls. So we actually -- we had rents up about 7% there for several weeks and then demand kind of slowed, occupancy dipped, so we had to bring the rents back into the 5% range. So it's still -- I have confidence in L.A. I think it's going to be fine. It's just not -- doesn't have that consistent, strong, steady power curve of a recovery like we've seen earlier in the cycle in markets like Boston, San Francisco and New York.
Frederick C. Tuomi: This is Fred. I'll add to that. That's a natural thing to expect and to observe at this point in the cycle. Because during the recession when rents were going down 5%, 10%, 15%, 20% in some cases, not everyone lost their job and those people with steady income enjoyed an increase in their housing value by being able to afford a nicer apartment, better location, better building at a lower rent. So they actually basically would have profile shift up and they were the beneficiary. Now that rents are pretty much back or above peak levels at some of these key markets, now we've had a couple of years of very strong rent increases, those people have traded up now are going to just to trade back down. They're not going to be able to either afford or want to afford those rent levels. But the good news, as we mentioned earlier, is there's plenty of people behind them who are willing to fill those apartments especially during the leasing season. So when we look at the marginal resident coming in, all of the credit and income statistics are very favorable and encouraging and those moving out, we have a special case in the corporates whose margins get squeezed. Then we have a case of those people who traded up who are now trading out. Then one other just anecdotal comment, we looked at our transfers. Early on in the recession when things are really going down, we analyze our transfers within our system and people were transferring out of expensive apartments and into cheaper apartments [indiscernible] and what's happening now is our transfers why we look at those. And more people actually transferring to larger more expensive apartments within our buildings versus the contrary. So it's another indicator that our resident base is healthy and...
David S. Santee: This is David Santee. When you look back, I think you have to go back about 4 years. And prior to the downfall in 2008, I mean, basically markets like New York and Boston were -- those are 2 big broker markets. And then during the downturn, the obligation to pay broker fees switched from the resident to the landlord and we increased those fees several million dollars. So when you look at our advertising costs today, you see that decline. All of that decline is associated with less broker fees in Boston and New York. All everything else -- I mean, certainly we've done a great job of reducing print. We continue to optimize our paid search and our other ILS's [ph] but really the entire savings is due to less broker fees than last year.
David S. Santee: Well, I mean, certainly the largest cost to acquire a new resident is the vacancy. But as far as hard cost go, when you have 50% turnover, 50-plus percent turnover and we're in $100 a unit, we run in the $200 to $250 range as far as all-in L&A [ph] cost.
David S. Santee: Well, when we look back, we had roughly 700 corporate units. I don't know that it's a matter of the sheer volume. It's more about when they vacate. So when corporates take units in the summer, typically when our rents are at the peak. And then in addition, we are getting a premium on top of that, which is typically 20% to 30% on top of peak rents for that year. And then they move out in Q4 or the beginning of Q1 when rents are at the bottom of the cycle. You're re-renting those apartments for sometimes 20% to 30% less when your average renter rents them at a 12-month lease. So we just saw a lot of volatility. We saw some spikes in some markets, particularly Boston, New York City. And we constantly strive to kind of minimize our exposure to the corporate business because like we've just discussed, it creates unneeded volatility and it really doesn't align with our goal of creating loyal customers.
David S. Santee: This is David, when we look at all aspects of our traffic, everything for the quarter was up. So applications were up. Move ins were up 4-plus percent, phone calls were up 20%. Foot traffic was up. The only thing that was down were e-leads and I attribute that to, I think, our industry or at least the larger players in our industry. We continually play cat and mouse with Mr. Craig from Craigslist as far as playing by his rules. So we really suffered in Q1 as far as our ability to promote our properties through Craigslist as they change the rules. But as far as all the indicators, everything is up and I have no reason to think that, that won't continue through the leasing season.
David S. Santee: Alex, this is David Santee. I mean, first, I think we needed to keep things in perspective. Our occupancy was right on top of where we were last year. So I mean, yes. Yes, there is a floor but we didn't come close to that floor. I think it's more about our expectations for improved occupancy versus being flat on occupancy over last year.
Mark J. Parrell: No. It's Mark Parrell. I mean, on the G&A side, it’s just an estimate change on some comp expense. When we put our guidance together. We do it earlier then done with our comp process. So that's the reason for the change on G&A. The delay in disposition activity has been the offset, so G&A is certainly up. And the addition of the shares to the fully diluted share count from the ATM issuance is also a reduction to our FFO number. On a compensating side is we have less a dilution from transaction activity because we're going to be selling assets later in the year than we thought. So before our assumption had been, we more or less were selling $300 million of assets each quarter. And now we'll sell, we think, about $300 million to $350 million in the totality of the first half of the year and that difference is the offset and that's why we're still really right at the midpoint.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. If you look at some of our pursuit log right now that the guys are working across the country, I tell you, yes, that it is high 5, low 6 to maybe a mid-6s is generally what we're looking at across the markets today.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, a little bit on the one deal in Redmond, Washington where there's some vacant retail we think we can turn into some residential units. But generally, we think -- it was only the deal on The Peninsula that we think we'll see here to a significant increase in that cap rate through the work we'll do on the rehab.
Mark J. Parrell: On The Peninsula, I'll tell you that we thought the rents to the Peninsula were very much below. So in addition to what we think we'll achieve because of the rehab, there was opportunity to bring those to market. But I'll tell you just in general, the other properties were probably more stabilized and I don't think represent the same opportunity.
Mark J. Parrell: Well I guess I presume that there were a lot of deals, Andy, and I don't know if there are a lot of deals. I can tell you that just on the construction side, we've heard from more merchant-like developers that there continues to be equity out there. But the merchant builders are sort of fighting for it. There's not enough equity to fund all of the opportunities that are there. How that changed may have affected -- the change in treasury may have affected what the preferences might be for that equity. I don't know. I think, it's probably -- construction financing probably plays as big a role in that and that continues to be fairly inexpensive. Difficult to get but relatively fairly inexpensive. So I don't think it was as disruptive to that business as your question might imply.
Mark J. Parrell: I'll tell you, on the assets that we've been selling, it is very sensitive to that, which is why, as you know, that we've been fairly aggressive on the disposition side, thinking that increases in interest rates will negatively impact the values of those assets we want to sell, as well as any change in the liquidity that Fannie and Freddie provide that space. Now, in addition to just treasuries going up though, it is all-in spreads do matter and the agencies will, if necessary, will trim their spreads in order to offset that if it's important to maintain their share.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, guess, as I told you in the kind of more prepared remarks, I think that cap rates have generally stayed fairly consistent. But we've seen bottom lines improve and so I think you've seen values increase modestly.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. Well, it was just time that it took to pull permits. I think San Jose is not unlike many municipalities where they're a little understaffed and it's just taken longer to get the permits pulled to get through that process than what we had hoped.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. It was up 4.3% during the month of April. During the quarter, it was kind of ramping up from the 2 as we came into the year up to that number. So we're right now at 4.3%.
Mark J. Parrell: April is up, e-leads are up, our daily traffic to ea.com (sic) [equityapartments.com] is up over last year. Things appear to be strong on all fronts.
Mark J. Parrell: Right. And as I've said earlier, when you look at our move outs and move ins, I mean, our move outs for Q1 were 10% more than Q1 of last year. Yet move ins were up over 4% over last year. That's driven by more foot traffic, more phone calls, more applications, et cetera. So it's really on the back end.
Mark J. Parrell: It's Mark Parrell. On the -- you said 7 and 10, I'm more focused on the 10, but I have some color for you on the 5 as well. On the unsecured side, assume the treasuries at about a 2% rate. I think our spread would be about 2% and we issue around 4%. For 10-year unsecured paper. On the secured side, the GSEs are probably for guys like us and this would be an interest-only loan with favorable terms given our scale would be about 3.85%. So maybe 15 basis points or so better. That relationship reverses on 5-year debt, the GSEs don't particularly care for 5-year debt. And they would be more like 2.5% over the 5-year treasury which would be about 3.3% where I think the public market is happy to do 5-year debt and they would be more like 2.7% or about 180 basis points or so over the 5-year treasury. GSEs, as David Neithercut said earlier, continue to be very active and continue to be very good sponsors of debt in the sector.
Mark J. Parrell: It's Mark Parrell. If you turn to the release and go to Page 21, there is some pretty detailed disclosure on CapEx, both for the same-store property set where we have given guidance of about $1,225 a unit for 2012. That is inclusive -- these are same stores. These are stabilized assets. On acquisitions, there's a different number and those are non-same-store property set. So you do have some visibility into those numbers as you go through the release.
