David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our call today. As reported in our earnings release last night, the first quarter of 2013 was a very busy, very exciting and certainly a historic period for Equity Residential. On February 27, along with our partners at AvalonBay, we closed on the $16 billion acquisition of Archstone. Equity Residential's $9 billion share of this purchase included 22,000 existing apartment units, 6 assets in various stages of development or lease-up and 14 undeveloped land parcels. Within minutes of the closing, 100% of the Archstone assets were live on our website, equityapartments.com, and Archstone's website was directing all traffic from the assets we acquired to equityapartments.com. Within hours of closing, every acquired property was fully operational on our platform, and normal activity was taking place such as rent payments, service requests, lease renewals, new leases, e-leads, et cetera. The following morning, our LRO pricing system provided pricing for every newly-acquired unit. We've received nearly 3,000 online rental payments totaling nearly $5 million. We've received 5,600 direct debit payments totaling $13 million and 250 service requests, and had certainly achieved our goal of immediate and seamless resident and prospect transfer. In addition, during the quarter, we restructured $2.9 billion of Archstone's secured debt. We arranged $3.25 billion of new unsecured credit facilities with our bank group. We sold $3 billion of noncore assets and redeployed much of those proceeds in what we have been told is one of the single, largest 1031 tax-deferred exchanges in history. And we were happy to welcome 700 new professionals to the Equity Residential family. And if that was not enough, we also delivered same-store revenue growth in the first quarter 2013 of 5.1%. We also delivered our 24th consecutive quarter of same-store expense growth of less than 3% and NOI growth for the quarter of 6.3%, all which were very much in line with our expectations for the quarter. Now I could go on and on for quite some time of how proud we all are of what's been accomplished this past quarter, of the incredible effort and hard work of so many people across the enterprise including our new colleagues that have joined the Equity team from Archstone, of how pleased we are to have completed the total transformation of our portfolio several years ahead of plan and of how excited we are now to own a portfolio of some of the finest assets in gateway cities across the country that should deliver the highest risk-adjusted returns over the long term. We've got a lot of ground to cover today. So before I turn the call over to David Santee, our newly-appointed Chief Operating Officer, I want to just take a minute to thank the people of Equity Residential, those of you who have been with us for a while, those that have recently joined us and those who have recently departed -- for all that you've done over the last year and the last quarter to make this all happen. Your commitment, your dedication, your spirit and your love for what you do made all this possible. And it's an honor to be your CEO and to work with you all each and every day. So I'm now very happy to turn the call over to David who will share with you what we're seeing on the ground across our markets today.
David J. Neithercut: All right. Thank you, Mark. So just in closing, let me note that last weekend, the lockup expired on the stock that we'd issued Lehman as currency for our share of the Archstone purchase and the 34.5 million shares held by Lehman represent about 9.2% of our total shares in units currently outstanding. I've been asked a lot of questions about Lehman's intention with respect to these shares. And while I wish I had all the answers for the investment community on this particular matter, I'm sorry, but I just don't. These shares are the responsibility of the parties with whom we negotiated the overall transaction. They're very smart people that are under no pressure to sell any or all of our shares within any certain timeline. And indeed, if Archstone going public was, in fact, an option for them, they were clearly prepared to hold stock for quite some time and must have had the ability to do so under the terms of emergence from bankruptcy last year. Our understanding is that they have ample cash to meet any pending distributions to their creditors from the multiple billion dollars of cash paid as part of our closing and that realized from monetizing other assets. But they will have to monetize or position our stock at some point in the future and we're obligated to help them to do that if asked. We recognize the Street would like Lehman out of our stock. And believe me, we would like Lehman out of our stock and Lehman will ultimately get out, but they're in no hurry to do so because they have the necessary flexibility to exit in a fashion that will maximize the return to their creditors and they intend to do just that. So all that being said, we do know that the underlying value of our company is not dependent on who owns those shares. There's really not a whole lot more we can say about that, and so we'll be happy to open the call to questions.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, David, I'd tell you that the Archstone assets that we acquired, the land sites that we acquired that we expect to build, are absolutely terrific land sites. As I said, 5 of them are in San Francisco Bay Area, 4 downtown and 1 in the Peninsula. And we believe that these will be great long-term assets for us. And we just think, frankly, that construction costs could continue to rise from here and we believe if they have the ability to get going on these sooner than later, that's a smart thing to do. I guess what I'll tell you that while you may see in 2013 and 2014 our development starts increase from what has sort of been our historical levels, I would not expect that to be a new run rate -- having established a new run rate, but rather working through this increased inventory that we have before we might step back into what you've seen us do on an annual basis in the past.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess of the assets that we have in D.C. today, including that which we just finished, we're kind of in the mid-6s on those deals. And in New York City, thanks I guess in large part to the terrific deal we've got on the deal in Amsterdam that I mentioned, where we think our current yield on current rents would be in the high 6s, we'd be close to about 6% on the 2 deals that we're building now, that on 400 Park Avenue South and our deal on Amsterdam. So we think those are pretty good returns given where our assets trade in that marketplace today oftentimes with a 3 handle. And certainly, when comparing to the 6% yields that we're selling on our assets in Atlanta, Phoenix, et cetera, we think that's a pretty good trade.
David J. Neithercut: And let me just add on the CapEx side, Rob. As we look at CapEx spend on our portfolio this year and the Archstone portfolio, we expect to spend a little bit more on their portfolio on a kind of dollar-per-unit basis. But I'll tell you that, that amount of spend is well below what we would ordinarily or expect to spend on a new acquisition, on a just one-off acquisition. And so -- and I'll also tell you, it is well below that total amount of spend, sort of a placeholder for CapEx that we had on our numbers when we underwrote the transaction. So while it may be a little bit more than what we've got at a run rate, it's well below what we normally spend on a new buy and well below the placeholder in our pro formas.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I'll let David answer that but I'll just sort of note, whatever conclusions you're drawing from Post, I think you're coming from a sample size of 2.
David J. Neithercut: Yes, I think that's the case. I mean, clearly, there might be more desired neighborhoods or markets than others, but they'll be priced accordingly.
David J. Neithercut: Look, I guess, we've worked very hard to assemble these assets. We think that they are terrific and will create value for us for a long time. And we're not going to react to just some short-term sort of dislocation for things that aren't under our control. I think we're focused right now on running what we've got and creating as much value as we can and I think the rest of it will sort of sort itself out. That doesn't mean that aren't times when we might not consider doing what you suggest, Steve, but I just think that there's some short-term dislocation going on that we're not going to overreact to at the moment.
David J. Neithercut: No, I think -- yes, it's interesting. What we've sold in the first quarter was around 6%. What we've sold this quarter to-date is around 6%. And what we think we'll do for the whole year is about 6%. So you can continue to use 6 in your numbers.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I mean I guess we'll always consider but we did buy one asset and it was sort of done in tandem with the one asset that we sold in Seattle. So we sold the Archstone Belltown deal to the same people from whom we acquired the Seattle deal in Redmond. So we sold an older high-rise building in Seattle and bought a recently-constructed mid-rise property in Redmond and we thought that was a very good trade and done at a very comparable cap rate. And I think that, that's what you may see more from us going forward, is our ability to trade assets at cap rates that are far, far closer than what we've seen in the past. But we'll look at other opportunities this year if they're out there. Mark had noted we've got $500 million of cash we have on the balance sheet and we've got the capacity, but I would not expect us to be active in the marketplace.
David J. Neithercut: I guess, Ross, I understand people have got a lot of questions about all this and it's just not appropriate for me to talk about it. I sort of told you what we know and that's really about all I can say.
David J. Neithercut: Oh, we'd be happy to do something that made sense for a price for everybody involved. I mean, look, I think we've got to be openminded about how to address this, but I don't think -- we're not going to act desperate in the process, so -- but we're in contact with these folks and we're also in contact frankly with other people who have suggested interest in buying perhaps some stock and I guess I'd just tell you that we'll play whatever role we may need to play to help facilitate something. But frankly, my guess and my expectation is that we won't have to play a direct role ourselves.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I think we've already discussed that, Mike, it's these rehabs. We've got -- I think as we've said previously, I think that the Archstone/Lehman team did an adequate job taking care of the properties, but we don't think that they took advantage of opportunities that were there with a little extra capital. And I think it's the rehab -- our ability to execute the rehab program, which we've really got down to an art here. As I said, at least on the ones we've underwritten today, could be 15% returns on what we're talking about as another $35 million of investment in these assets. So we think that, that will create a significant amount of upside for us.
David J. Neithercut: No. There was a little widening earlier in the year and that's come back in. I mean, the life companies and CMBS have become more active. The life companies are more on low leverage, a little bit higher quality, little younger assets, where the CMBS market is mostly right now playing in the B market segment -- the B asset market segment, where they're becoming more active and I would expect the CMBS market could replace the GSE's good component or the GSE supply that's going away with relative ease.
David J. Neithercut: No, let me -- I've got heads nodding, they're telling me that I said 90%; I meant to say 95%. Everybody knew that when I said it, and I appreciate you bringing it up. At the end of this year, we'll be 95%.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I think that's a number that would need to be brought down over time and we'll continue to bring it down. We knew going into this that because of the weighting, the share of the Archstone assets that were in D.C., that we probably would ramp ourselves up a little more than we'd like. But we still have got assets in D.C. that are not in the district, that are not in the Arlington area that we can sell to bring that number down.
David J. Neithercut: No, I think that's way high. And I guess unlike what we've been doing over the past several years in trying to sell assets and reallocate that capital, we have the ability to, I think, be a little bit more timers [ph] now. I think that when we find opportunities to reinvest capital, we can certainly access our disposition -- some disposition assets. But we'll still have some assets in Orlando. We'll have -- still have some assets that we'll need -- that we'll want to sell but we'll be in no hurry to sell them and I think that we'll do so only if and when we find the right reinvestment opportunities.
David J. Neithercut: Unfortunately, the Archstone portfolio will not be in our full year same store until 2015 because we will not own it for a full year until all of 2014. It will be brought into quarterly numbers in the second quarter of 2014, okay, because we will have owned it for the full second quarter of 2013.
David J. Neithercut: That's a very good question, Michael. I will tell you that we continue to think that it is the best and appropriate dividend policy for the company. That being said, we have given a great deal of thought to how we would pay that out. So at the present time, we pay out at a lower level in each of the first 3 quarters and kind of true-up in the fourth quarter dividend. And we wondered whether or not we shouldn't think differently about how we pay it out over the year. But in no way have we ever discussed or considered actually changing the policy of being 65% of that Normalized FFO. Had we not been in the middle of this entire Archstone process, that might have been something that had been addressed earlier. But I do know that it's something that our board will be looking at towards the end of this year and could consider for next year. So not a change to the policy, but rather a change in terms of how that dividend will actually be distributed.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, look, I think that if and when we feel the need to raise capital for any purpose, we'd consider all sources. We are not as enamored with joint ventures as you may see others in other sectors. We just believe that we're working too hard for someone else's money and don't get appropriately paid for it. And we just kind of lose control of assets and people got different -- I guess, we don't see any need or desire to get budgets approved by a third party and then be accountable to that third party. But again, I mean, that's certainly something that could be considered if and when the time comes for whatever purpose to raise capital. But I'll also suggest that we've still got, as I said, assets in Orlando and others that we know that we'll sell over time that could create significant capital, of course if we wanted to for whatever purpose.
David J. Neithercut: All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate everybody's time today, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT here in Chicago in June.
David S. Santee: Well, I think that's a function more of a market-by-market situation. Obviously, if you go to a D.C. where rents are moderating, you have a lot of new supply. Pricing power is diminished. It's hard to push renewals above current market rents. I mean, our historical approach has always been to bring renewals to the current market rents, if not overshoot them a bit. So it's more of a function of market rents than anything.
David S. Santee: Yes, traffic for the quarter was up about 5% and that's with a minus 1% in January. So we're seeing very good demand. When you say traffic, I refer to it as foot traffic and that's when people actually walk into our shop. That's great. That resulted in a 3% increase in applications, which resulted in a 3% increase in move-ins for Q1. And then as far as our website goes, just the activity there, especially as a result of kind of leveraging the Archstone website, has really increased 50%. I mean, that's what we saw for Q1. So there's definitely no lack of demand, that's for sure.
David S. Santee: Well, foot traffic, yes. April was a great month for us. April is, for all intents and purposes, stronger than the first quarter.
David S. Santee: Well, I think that remains to be seen how weak D.C. will be. Certainly, when everyone is concerned and the folks that don't have yield management systems, that don't have visibility into their operations, the first thing they do is build up their occupancy and we see that. We see a lot of our competitors running at 97%, 98% occupancy. We try to be a little more measured, use the visibility we have, make informed decisions, not run for cover. Our underwriting, I will tell you, we really assumed rents would remain flat for most of the year as far as new leases, but we're seeing -- we sent out 7% renewals for June and July in D.C. -- granted there will be more of a gap in what we achieve. But when you take getting a 5% on renewal increases and maybe a 1% on new leases, that gives you about a 3% to 4% revenue growth.
David S. Santee: Well, so when I look at our May billings, there is only one property and we've referenced this property before and that's 425 Mass. That's ground 0 as far as NoMa goes. You can see 15 cranes from the rooftop, and that really is our only property that has a year-over-year negative revenue growth and current month billing negative revenue growth. Everyone else as far as May year-to-date, May billings relative to last year, is still billing positive. I would tell you that Boston, Rosslyn, that's doing fine. Pentagon City is doing fine. So really, I would say it's a general softness pretty much across the whole market.
David S. Santee: I would tell you that I have been to most of the properties. There's a lot of CapEx that was in process. I think they did a reasonable job of maintaining the integrity of the buildings. I think the opportunity is in the interior of the units, the rehab opportunity. And we are certainly taking advantage of those and will be proceeding with probably 8 to 10 complete interior rehabs.
David S. Santee: Yes. And I guess I just would add on that with respect to the Archstone rehabs, we have approved a lot of rehabs. As Mark's noted, we'll expect to do $1,200 or so. And we're expecting a solid mid-teens return on that incremental capital invested.
David S. Santee: I guess I would say that we don't see a whole lot of difference no matter where you are. Jersey City, which we -- I guess, we call the suburbs is not as robust. But Brooklyn, our Brooklyn, our asset did a -- doing a 12. So we don't really see any difference. And frankly, with the addition of the Archstone assets and the close proximity to our assets, we're able to do a lot more effective cross-selling and we see a lot of residents moving between buildings and what have you. So we're very pleased with what we see in New York.
David S. Santee: Yes. Well, I guess I would say that we did make an adjustment for the first 4 months of acquisition. We did offer all of the Archstone on-site folks a job and we accounted for that. So -- but in between the time that we made that offer and we did budgets, we're seeing a considerable downsizing from people making decisions to leave and what have you. And then some of it is just simply timing. But I think, when you look at our overall annualized run rates after this 4-month period, we pretty much underwrote the deal very similar, if not identical, to how we operate our communities.
David S. Santee: The new lease base rents for the quarter hovered around 3%, 2.5% to 3%. Today, when I look at the rate, it's right there almost at 4%, 3.9%.
David S. Santee: Okay. So renewals signed in Q1 of '13 averaged 5.7%. I don't have Q1 of '12. I can tell you that Q4 was 6.2%. But I'm sure Q1 of '12 was probably 7%, I'm guessing.
David S. Santee: Yes, I guess what I would tell you is, is that we have pulled in all of their revenue data, so we feel comfortable in quoting a comparable revenue number. But when you look at the expenses: a, they were not a public company. They had different capitalization policies. All I can tell you is, is that when we looked at their actual data relative to ask our expenses, they were operating their properties about $400 per unit higher than our communities, our same-store pool. And we underwrote that acquisition using our same-store expense numbers.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes, just to add some color. I mean, we have about 1,200 Archstone rehabs we expect to complete this year. We have 3,600 units, Archstone units, that we've approved rehabs to do and we expect to kind of knock out 1,200 or more each in the next few years. So we have a sense that there's value that can be created there.
Mark J. Parrell: So we have guided you to $1,500 on the same-store side. So if you go to CapEx, that's Page 22 of the release, so that includes everything. It includes the rehabs because, of course, the rehabs could be maintenance-related or they could be income-producing and incremental, and there's difference of opinion on that. So we lay that out in the same-store pool, about $1,500 a unit. And then in addition, you'll have what we spend on the Archstone stuff and I think it'll be probably a little higher than $1,500, but not necessarily a lot as David said.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I guess, you've asked a question about development nationally and I'll answer your question about what we expect to see in our markets. Yes, so I guess, I would tell you that I think we're seeing development in our markets that had -- could have been built up over several years of no starts for obvious reasons. So that there was a lot of entitled land ready to go that nothing started on because no access to construction debt, et cetera, et cetera. So I think we are seeing a little bit more than what you'd expect to see in our core markets in a normal run rate. And again, as I said, we look at this through the product we have, we look at the yields we think we can achieve, some concern about continued rise in construction costs, we think it's a good time to go ahead and move forward with the projects that we have on our balance sheet. As you note about just -- the total amount of construction, a lot of that stuff that's on there will roll off. And regardless of what we start this year, a lot of that capital won't be spent until next year. So believe me, we're going to keep an eye on it. We do not expect to operate for multiple years at elevated levels of development. Again, we may have a couple of years up, but our run rate will be more of what you've seen us do in the past.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. I mean, we reported, Alex, just inside our numbers for New York City and that includes Brooklyn, a 5.9% revenue number. New Jersey, Northern New Jersey was 5.5%. And everything else, which for us is a small amount of further out suburban, but very small, of around 3%. So I think those trends are broadly consistent with other reporters who have larger portfolios that are more suburban-focused and that's how you get to an average for us of about a 5.5% revenue number.
Mark J. Parrell: Right. What we saw over the course of the quarter, David, was an increase in the spread that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac charge on what we'll call normal leverage, which is sort of a 70% 125 kind of coverage loan. So we see that spread as approaching 2%. That's a considerable increase. This is all 10-year debt numbers I'm quoting. And on the unsecured side, I see that number as 130 to 140 for EQR. So you can see how it's become less favorable. I do think there is some impact from the regulator's requirement of the 2 GSEs that they change and take a lower market share. I certainly think this is one way to do it. But you're still talking about an all-in rate that's about 3.6% on the secured side. And so if you're like most folks in the multifamily business and you don't have access to the unsecured market, it's still a really good rate. And we have not seen -- and we had some good dialogue with our investment team, we have not seen or had any problems selling assets because of the spread widening just because absolute rates are just so low. But yes, I do think there is some push and that, that is one of the reasons -- from the regulator -- one of the reasons these spreads have increased.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes, I guess -- it's Mark Parrell again giving it a shot, David. It's the all-in rate that matters, not the spread. So if the treasuries went down again, which we always think is impossible, and then it happens. I would tell you that spread could be 3%, if the treasury is 1%, nothing would happen. I also point out that we've now disposed of a great deal of the assets that carried that risk that we highlighted for you some years ago. So I'm not quite sure how that all works. I mean, do all-in rates go up because there is growth in the economy, in which case our NOI is growing faster, in which case coverage of the loan is not a problem.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes, we hope, right? Or is it inflation or spread. So I would tell you, I don't have a magic number for you except I think the all-in rate's a lot more important than spread.
Mark J. Parrell: We hedged a component of our exposure to the change as it related to assets, David, that are on the block and will be sold shortly. There's another part of the business that will take us a little while longer and we have not hedged that just because of the uncertainty. But it's not -- frankly, it's not actually that material amount of money in the aggregate to us.
Mark J. Parrell: I think you could pick a number of less than $100 million and say -- which is considerably less than 1% as our share of what we would expect out of Germany.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, first off, when we book those assets -- it's Mark Parrell answering, Rich -- the assets were brought in at market because we're required to do purchase accounting and book them at fair market. So if we sell them, there will be minimal gain or loss on those assets, I would expect. So right now, there's a little bit of gain you see already in our regular NAREIT-defined FFO. That's from a legacy property -- we held a piece of land for a long time, not related to Archstone. So I would not expect material gains on the Archstone development noncore stuff that we're going to sell. The land, the development assets themselves, we'll see, because we're going to stabilize those and build them out. In terms of the TRS, we have plenty of NOLs to go against tax, so I wouldn't expect there to be any material tax hit on those assets. But if we bought an asset with the intention to sell, we would have put it in the TRS.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I'm not sure their accounting -- I'm not sure I'd characterize their accounting that way, first of all. And second, I don't think their expense and CapEx accounting is actually relevant to us anymore. I mean, our expenses are going to be completely than different than theirs because we're resetting real estate taxes, we have different capitalization policies. So I'll tell you those folks we've dealt with them for a while and they've been nothing but professional and honorable to deal with. So I don't think their accounting is actually all that relevant to us on a go-forward basis because we're really -- it's sort of a fresh start for us.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, we looked at it -- I mean, we don't care about the accounting, honestly. We look at just what it cost to run the asset and we saw savings in both realms.
