Bob Garechana: Thanks, Michael. A quick comment on the quarter before moving to guidance on the balance sheet. Q2 normalized FFO was $0.03 above the high-end of our quarterly guidance range. This beat was almost entirely driven by better same-store NOI through a combination of better revenue growth, including lower bad debt expense and modest overall expense growth. Now, for our revisions to full year guidance, as you saw in the release last night, we significantly revised same-store revenue and normalized FFO upwards while maintaining our existing same-store expense growth guidance. Starting with same-store revenue, strong first half performance, coupled with the constructive ongoing operating environment has led us to raise our same-store revenue projections above the top end of the prior range. We now expect our same-store revenue to grow between 10% and 11%. Our new 10.5% midpoint sits at 150 basis points higher than the prior midpoint driven by continued stable physical occupancy of 96.5%, record resident retention and earlier as well as stronger pricing power, both the new lease change and renewal rate achieved across all of our markets, but particularly in New York, where recovery from the pandemic has been a positive to the upside. Our revised full year same-store revenue guidance implies a slight deceleration in same-store revenue growth in the back half of 2022. This is the result of the significant governmental rental relief payments we received in Q3 and Q4 of 2021 and the almost complete absence of relief payments we expect to receive from the rest of this year, not any expectation of a slowdown in the core business. We expect third and fourth quarter same-store quarter-over-quarter revenues without the impact of rental relief payments to be more in line with the reported Q2 number. On the expense side, we left our already strong guidance unchanged with June year-to-date expense growth of 2.8% and a number of innovation initiatives underway, we feel confident in our ability to deliver second low expense growth for the full year. As you can see in our reported results, both real estate tax growth and payroll are aiding in our ability to accomplish this goal with some offset in utilities and repairs and maintenance. We remain laser-focused on reducing or eliminating exposure to inflationary labor pressures, whether we feel the impact from our own employees through the payroll line item or from contractors through the repairs and maintenance line. We strive to reduce any pressure from higher efficiency and better decision-making along with utilization of technology that can eliminate or permanently reduce labor hours needed. In a category like utilities, we do our best to maximize our resident reimbursement income, reduce usage through both education and technology initiatives and hedge our commodity exposure. Thus far, our approach has significantly buffered growth, but we acknowledge this is a long game if the current inflationary environment continues. Putting it altogether, the revenue and expense adjustments that I just outlined resulted in a 225 basis point increase for same-store NOI at the midpoint. For normalized FFO at the midpoint our guidance changes added nearly 3% or $30 million to normalized FFO growth, which results in an approximately 18% increase year-over-year for the company. A final note on the balance sheet before Q&A. Equity Residential continues to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT sector, characterized by low floating rate exposure and a long weighted average maturity. Subsequent to quarter end, we sent a notice to redeem the $500 million secured unsecured notes that are due in 2023 with proceeds from the dispositions of the two New York properties. This use of proceeds will mostly offset the normalized FFO impact of net dispositions for the year while also significantly reducing our refinancing needs in 2023. There is no prepayment penalty associated with the payoff, but there will be a modest write-off of historical discounts and costs, which is estimated on the guidance page. This write-off will be included in EPS and FFO, but not in normalized FFO. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So I think Mark and Michael kind of gave you the blended perspective, which is in our guidance, so maintaining that kind of high single-digit renewal component. So they gave you the renewal piece, and I’ll give you the blended, which really is the new lease. So we talked about the seasonality and the trend of seasonality in rents, coupled with that just hard comparable period in the back half of 2021 and that’s going to lead your new lease and as a result, correspondingly, you’re blended to moderate as you get into the back half of the year, which is what we’re including in our guidance. That’s very normal. I think the only abnormal thing here is what we’ve modeled is something that remains positive on the new lease side. In a normal year, kind of pre-pandemic, new lease change often would go negative in the fourth quarter, and that’s not what we’re incorporating in our guidance.
Bob Garechana: Yes. To be honest with you, it’s less about appeals in 2022 than it probably has been historically and more about just lower assessed values we came into the year, particularly in a place like Washington state, where we had lower assessed values and where rate wasn’t particularly high either on the real estate tax side. So that’s really been the driver of keeping it more modest. The real estate tax market is typically a laggard. So it usually delayed relative to like market values in other places. So that’s what you’re seeing play out in 2022. As we look forward into 2023 and not giving guidance, we’re just setting the tone for the environment, I think it will become more about appeals because I think the recovery and what’s happening in the broader kind of valuation and market is more apparent. And so I think it will be more what I call hand-to-hand combat with the assessors of you think that value is X, I think value is Y and let’s appeal. So I think that’s going to change the dynamic in 2023 and going forward.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So I’ll start with the last part first and then highlight a couple of things about the quarter. So from a year-over-year standpoint, our guidance assumption is that it has no impact to growth meaning that we think that bad debt, net of governmental rental receipts and all of the above is the same in ‘22 as what it is in ‘21. What you’re seeing in the second quarter is really the volatility in timing because you will recall from the first quarter that we had a little bit of a harder time with bad debt and then we had a better time in the second quarter, etcetera. So this number can be fairly volatile. As you get into the back half of the year, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the rental relief programs are winding down. So we don’t expect a lot more rental relief money in the back half of the year. We got a lot of it in the back half of last year. So it’s going to be a little bit of a headwind to year-over-year growth in the back half. But from a full year standpoint, again, shouldn’t have any impact.
Bob Garechana: Yes. I think the core driver that will be consistent throughout is kind of what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which is just reducing our exposure to labor pressure, whether it’s in the payroll line item where it’s the most obvious, right, which you see us having put up were literally probably on the 4 years in a row of either sub-1% or negative kind of payroll growth, we still have opportunity there, right. And so I think that’s the engine of innovation and utilization and technology, and we will be able to completely or continue to sustain that kind of lower than inflationary growth going forward. That should also parlay itself into repairs and maintenance to a degree, too, because you get that benefit because there is a labor component embedded there with contractors, etcetera. So, I think that’s the driver of where I think we have the most containment opportunity. Clearly, as you move into future years, real estate taxes will get harder from a comp standpoint and probably won’t be as sustainable. But comps like utilities should get better, we hope hopefully that the commodity inflationary pressure that exists in the world today is more temporary than permanent. And so that should help us and hopefully offset other line items that might return to more normal growth. But again, the controllable part is really the labor hours, the payroll, the technology, the innovation, and that’s where we are focused.
Alex Brackenridge: Hey, Nick, this is Alex. Well, as you know, the market is certainly unsettled right now and there is a lot of a feeling out process going on. So, there have been some transactions that closed. Some of those though were hard prior to the rate hikes, some of those maybe a buyer had 1031 needs. So, it’s a little hard to get great clarity on that question. But clearly there is these countervailing forces that you mentioned interest rates up, economic uncertainty offset by just these tremendous property operations. So, I would say somewhere 5% to 8%, maybe up to 10%, where we are certainly seeing buyers scrutinizing things that might have a little bit of hair on them, maybe a lesser location, maybe a physical challenge that they might have overlooked before. So the range could get higher, but we also don’t see a lot of distressed sellers, which lot of people are happy to keep enjoying the great performance that their properties are generating. So, it’s a bit of a range, but we will see how it plays out, particularly come fall. It’s a little slow in the summer as it typically has been.
Alex Brackenridge: I would just add that in environments like this, we have a competitive advantage over some higher leverage buyers. So it’s been very competitive. Everyone’s bid was more or less the same in the last couple of years, now the ability to transact very quickly. We have our own management company, our due diligence is very fast, and we’re all cash. So – and we have great relationships. And that’s the thing we’re doing right now is maintaining our relationships with our brokers and with principles. And when the time is right, we will move quickly and the machine will get ramped up again.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes. As I said, it’s a little bit tough to know because it’s pretty unsure footing right now. That is an answer we’re looking for. On our end, we look a lot about what we can sell properties for. So we have some transactions in the market that we’re considering, and we will see how pricing comes out on that, and that dictates it a lot. But clearly, it’s higher than it was. I don’t know if I have an exact number on that.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes. John, it’s Alex. As I said, it varies a lot and well-located, clean properties. I think it’s closer to the 5-ish on something that’s more complicated maybe as a physical issue, maybe got a lot of vacant retail. It’s going to be higher than that. But that’s the number people are feeling each other out and they really don’t know. And I think it’s a time just to be patient, which is what we’re doing and most sellers – most sellers and buyers are doing that right now. So there is some assets that have just been pulled off a market because there is not a lot of traction, but there is a whole bunch of money on the sidelines, as you know, and there is a lot of people that are, frankly, right now hiring up because they expect to buy more apartments in the future. So I think that this will settle itself out but there is a range right now to answer your question of pricing variance between the buyer and seller expectations.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes, there is a range. I mean, certainly, New York is the poster child for lower supply. But there are other markets, too, like Orange County and San Diego that are seeing a drop off in supply. Markets that have continued high supply include Washington, D.C., Denver has a lot of supply, Austin and Dallas and more moderate are Atlanta, Seattle and Boston. So it varies a lot across the market. And overall, it’s pretty steady. Looking at 2024 though, it gets – ‘24, ‘25, it gets more complicated and harder to project. And we see a lot of permits that have been pulled. But we’ve looked historically, and when times get a little uncertain like this. There is a big drop off. I mean, historically, permits translate into starts like 80% to 80%, 80%, 90%. But when times get tough, that drops to 40% to 50%. So that’s what might happen over time here as the ‘24, ‘25 deliveries decrease.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes. No, it doesn’t feel super optimistic. There was a proposal that got rejected. So at this point, there is some discussions, but nothing imminent.
Alex Brackenridge: Hey John, it’s Alex. In terms of pricing moderating, so that’s making acquisitions look relatively more attractive. If that continues, construction costs go up, then we would lean more towards acquisitions, but we are also focused on development, too, as an important component of fleshing out the portfolio. So, I would expect we would do a little bit of both depending on the circumstances.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes. So, the 5.5% is just our projected yield. It’s not locked in. We have – we are a partner with them. We have 75% of the equity. They have 25% and then the property will yield, what it yields and they will get their promotes relative to that. And then the second part of your question, what was that again? I am sorry.
Alex Brackenridge: Lockdown with the cost, yes. So, 75% is what we bought out. We have got the – Toll has bought out from their contractor. They also have a guarantee to us that they will be able to perform at that 100% number. So, it’s just further surety that you have both the contractor and the developer had bought out 75%. Toll has a little bit more work to do to get it 100% bought out.
Alex Brackenridge: Yes. So, Alex, this is Alex. We have a couple of things that work there. One is it’s a long time. We built those property – I am sorry, we bought those properties in 2005. So, you have got an IRR spread. Typically, IRRs go down over time just because they get diluted a little bit. So, there is that at work. It’s also New York went through some challenging times since 2005. There was the GFC and the recovery from that. Then there was the pandemic. And then there were the changes to the rent stabilization laws that had an impact particularly on one’s ability to convert a property in the condominiums, which was buttressing for a period of time, a lot of value in apartment buildings in New York. So, all of those things kind of combined to work against us. On top of which cap rates started out low in New York. So, there was less compression there. Because I think your question kind of implies there has been all this compression, why wouldn’t you see more value growth, and in New York, we just didn’t see that because it started so low and stayed low.
Mark Parrell: And just to supplement that for just a second is just talking a little bit about replacement cost. I mean, that’s a big differentiator. It’s a mark between the coastal markets where the premium to replacement cost and a lot of assets were sold at was not significant or even in places like New York, there was little bit of a discount. And in some of the Sunbelt markets where there was a pretty significant premium to replacement cost and you saw us really slow down our activities when we – acquisition activities, when we saw some of those premiums go up into the 20%, 25% and up range over current construction costs. So, I guess one of the things, Alex and I am going to be looking at as we think about starting to buy machine up again is those markets – those Sunbelt markets start to make more sense on a replacement cost basis. That maybe because construction costs keep going up, that maybe because values come down a little bit but that is another input that’s important. And it was one of the things that made us go a lot slower towards the end of last year and the beginning of this year, Nick.
Mark Parrell: And you asked – it’s Mark, this time, Chandni. You asked a very good question of let’s say the economy does fall down a bit more and we do have a more – we actually have a set recession and how do we feel? Well, certainly, that would affect our numbers negatively. I mean job growth and economic growth are vital to the apartment industry’s success over the long haul. But the supply demand environment for us is very favorable right now. And so the fact that single family is pretty pricey, the fact that, that means to us that our older millennial demographics going to stay with us longer, and you see that in our retention numbers. This Gen-Z group that’s pretty large that’s coming through the system where there just aren’t enough jobs even right now. So if there is a few fewer because a lot of what we’ve seen about the job market isn’t that there is so many fewer jobs and people are unemployed. It’s more that the excess is being taken out of the system. So I guess our sense is the supply demand balance is pretty good for us, and it will likely be pretty good unless a recession – if a recession occurs, is very severe. So the setup for ‘23, it just really is quite excellent, even if there is a recession. It just won’t be as excellent, but on a relative basis, it will still feel, I think the revenue growth for us and for most of the industry really, really good.
Mark Parrell: Yes, it’s Mark again. Development is one of the tools in the toolkit. I mean one of the things that’s happening now that makes us happy not to have too large a development pipeline is if values do go down a bit here, Chandni, and there is portfolios for sale, and there is a discount available to us, you’ll see us be very active and very aggressive in going out and grabbing those deals. So I think you’re going to see it be pretty quiet for a few months here. My guess is that buyers and sellers will decide that this is the new market. And towards the end of the year, we might get considerably more active. We will continue to do development. We like a lot of the deals. We’ve got a couple more we’re likely to start this year. But I guess what I’m most excited about is to see some of these acquisitions come in at a little bit more reasonable price, to be able for us to act on that and act in volume on that. So again, to us, it seems like it’s going to be quiet kind of through Labor Day for sure, and then it might pick up a bit. Alex, what would you – I don’t have a deadline for completing the transformation of the portfolio. I mean we will be reactive to the market opportunity. Do you have any...
Mark Parrell: And Steve, before Bob just gives you a little more elaboration on blended spreads and such, One of the things that’s, I think, really interesting here on renewals is because in a fair number of jurisdictions, mostly in California, we can’t raise rents to market that we’re limited up to some jurisdictional limits, you’re going to have some energy even if rents do decline a bit as they will seasonally and as they may due to the economy, I think renewals will be another positive in ‘23 because we’re going to have markets where we continue to be significantly. In some cases, even 20% below the market even after an increase. And so if that 20% becomes 15%, it’s still a pretty good size increase. So I think the fact that we haven’t been able to meet the market on renewals probably leaves a little bit of gas in the tank in ‘23 too even if rents do moderate for both – and they will for seasonal reasons, but for economic reasons, I’m sorry, Bob.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Brad, it’s Mark. So we certainly have the capability to buy the stock back, and we get that. As we’ve talked about on these calls in the past, it’s a bit of a different thing for REITs than it is for most corporates because we don’t retain earnings. So to do a real buyback, again, it requires you to sell a bunch of assets, which we did do or incur a bunch of debt. And from our perspective, paying off the debt helped us address the ‘23 maturities. It gave us optionality to buy the stock back later. We used up really all of our capability. So we have a little bit of a flex each year in our ability to sell assets and retain cash. And we really used all of that up with these two sales. So we thought, you know what, we will pay down this debt, we will retain this capability. If the Board decides it wants to buy some stock back later, we will have that opportunity. But those opportunities are just so few and for REITs, you start to descale the enterprise. It’s just not as easy a decision as it is for, say, a big technology company with tons of retained earnings. And we got a big $900 million-plus dividend. And that’s really where we think the cash return to the shareholder is. A lot of these other folks that talk about buybacks more readily are corporates that don’t have dividends and do a lot more buyback activity as a matter, of course. So we did consider it, it’s an option by paying some debt off, we retain that option.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Hey, it’s Mark. I’m going to start, and I think some of us might – some of the others might supplement because we’ve been thinking a lot about this over time. So we went back and looked at periods of time when there was more significant inflation. So again, this will be more like the ‘80s and parts of the ‘70s and even into the ‘90s. And I guess I’d say our ability to reset rents every year, the pretty good supply-demand dynamic, in fact, very good we have currently. I don’t have a number for you. I would have normally said that normal trend growth for EQR on the revenue line is 3.5%. And I would tell you that with inflation the way it is, the numbers are likely to be a fair bit higher because supply and demand are still also good. We could have a ton of inflation. If you have a ton of supply in a submarket, you’re still not moving your rents. But we’ve got good demand, single-family sectors, not drawing residents away. So the way we’re feeling about it is that we’re going to be able to provide a pretty good margin to whatever the inflation numbers are especially as we expect them to sort of settle down. There is also this little bit of a circular reference thing where rent is something like third of the CPI. So we feed into that number, and that number feeds into our number. And so there is a little bit of that as well. But I think you should expect that apartments, especially our portfolio, are optimized in a way with our pricing engine that we can continue to have a real return that exceeds the rate of inflation. So if you think inflation is 5, then I think our growth is going to be a margin to that number, above it. I think the other part of that question or that answer, though, is what are you doing with your expenses, because we do feel the pressure on wages and other things. And that’s why we had both Michael and Bob address that issue with you because we need to keep our margins constant or growing and not just give it all the way on the expense side, and I think we’re doing an exceptionally good job of that.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Just – and Bob will correct my specific numbers here, but I think we got in the back half of last year, $34 million or so in the same-store set in rental relief. And our modeling is something like $2 million for the back half of this year. So when we talked in our prepared remarks about how we see the strength continuing, what obscures some of these numbers is just these pretty significant rent recoveries from the government that tend to be kind of lumpy. So to see in the back half of the year, a negative impact year-over-year on all this bad debt stuff but you’re going to see the continued strength, we think, in the underlying occupancy business. rate, all of that stuff, occupancy is staying high, that’s going to offset that and keep those numbers pretty consistent, Nick, going forward.
Mark Parrell: And just to add, we are buying in suburbs of places like Dallas too. It isn’t mostly or even close to mostly in all urban portfolio. We are trying to construct in Atlanta or Austin or Dallas or Denver. So, we are spreading our capital out. And that’s where development can be really handy is in some of these suburban locations where it might be hard to find a property to buy.
Mark Parrell: Yes, it’s Mark. Thanks for that – that’s a very insightful question. We thought a fair bit about it. We wondered if it isn’t similar to buying something you do as a lifestyle decision. I mean people mostly buy homes, not for financial reasons, but lifestyle. They have the second kid, they got married or had some other life change that requires them or makes them feel like, we will do the commute, we will do what we need to do to have the lifestyle we now need to have with the family situation we now have. I think that single-family rental does feels the same way that people will be similarly attracted to it, not because they have died them all along, but because they are really at a point where they have two kids and they are living in an urban environment, and that’s just more challenging for them or whatnot. So, I think about SFR as more of an additional competitor for sure, but having the same drivers as just purchasing a home. In terms of other competitive threats, we have definitely benefited from people wanting more space and decoupling. We do see that people will accept roommates and live in other situations. So, just switching to another thing that could be a demand negative for us, it’s possible that it will go the other direction. I mean it is certainly something rich that could happen where folks decide they will take on the roommate. They are not as afraid to the pandemic, and they will do that. We are not seeing any of that, but that would be another way you could see demand decline. But I don’t – these SFR homes are mostly, it seems to us a replacement for single-family owned housing, not a new – like an entirely new source of competition.
Mark Parrell: Yes. That’s a really interesting question. I mean we had a version of this conversation, if I remember a couple of quarters ago. But it’s part of our job. And your question implies it to be looking at every subsector in the residential space. I think single-family rental has certainly established itself as a very legitimate long-term business. A lot of our former executives worked in that space. We do pay attention to that space. It’s very interesting in that regard. Our primary focus right now is running this big apartment business we have. But we will keep our eyes open. And I guess if something wanders buy, we will act on it. But again, we are getting a lot of benefit right now and people moving into these cities again, and we are focused mostly on that at this point.
Mark Parrell: And Juste, its Mark. To add to that good question you have there. I mean the CapEx load, for example, and I know you referred to expenses, but the CapEx load is spread on a high-rise usually at much higher rent than the Garden one. So, you might be doing things with chillers and you might be doing things, but there is one roof, not a multitude of roofs. There is no landscaping. So, putting aside real estate taxes, margins I would think the labor only margin would not be as good in a high-rise because of usually higher service standards. But I bet just some of the CapEx with the higher rents is a lower percentage of each rent dollar in a high-rise. So, that’s typically what we have seen in the high-rises as you do the work and then you don’t need to do anything at all for quite a period of time. So, there is a little bit of an interplay there with expenses and capital.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Alex, it’s Mark. I am going to start and Michael is going to supplement, because he does have some good statistical stuff for you. As we kind of look at these markets, Seattle and San Francisco are less well recovered compared to New York and the East Coast markets. So, we still have that tailwind of people returning. And we have talked on some of these calls that if things and we do feel some improvement in the public safety situation in those two markets in the urban core, that is a possible tailwind for EQR towards the end of this year and going into next year, because there is relative value in Downtown Seattle and Downtown San Francisco on rents because they are still not really back. They are not – certainly, they are not evolved where they were when the pandemic occurred. And a lot of these suburban rents are crowding those rent levels, as we have said on calls. So, I will let Michael talk about where the people are coming from. But I think that red check being low on a relative basis still, it makes those markets attractive if public safety concerns continue to go away. So, I am sorry, Michael.
Michael Manelis: Yes, hey, Nick, this is Michael. So I think right now, where we sit and I said this in the prepared remarks that the moderation that we saw in some of the stats in July is actually kind of much less than we expected and that’s really just given kind of the speed of that concession burn-off and rate growth from last year. And when we started looking at the modeling for the back half of this year, we are kind of just assuming normal kind of seasonal trends. And we have data going all the way back to 2008 to benchmark this rent seasonality that includes like the exact week when rents peaked each week, each year. And when we went back and looked and I said this in the prepared remarks, our rents have not peaked yet. And you see it over the time where you have had years where rents peaked in early July, all the way until like the very first week of September, but the most common kind of peak week has been somewhere in that first or second week of August. So as we were modeling kind of we just assume we are going to have rents peak somewhere in this first or second week of August and then have a normal kind of trail off in rents until you get to that January period.
Michael Manelis: Yes. This is Michael. Maybe I’ll start, and Mark, you can kind of add on, if you’d like. But I think what you should expect is somewhere on our October earnings call, we will probably provide a little bit more of a range of the building blocks into 2023, that would include the earn-in. And by earn-in, for me, I use the term embedded and what that would mean is on 12/31 of this year, you would freeze the rent roll and assume that nobody moved in, nobody moves out and what does that revenue growth look like? I would tell you that in normal years, we would start January one-off with an embedded growth somewhere around 1% in the rent roll. And even with the forecasted moderation, it is pretty clear that our expected embedded growth is going to be well above kind of that average amount. So I guess I would point to the longer we go without having rents peak, right? It’s just adding more growth to this embedded as every new lease and renewal gets written here in August, September and even October. And as you think about turning the corner, just factor in moderation and then your views for what intra-period growth could look like in 2023, and that’s how we will be kind of doing the building blocks for our guidance for next year. But we’re not at a point yet where we’re willing to share those numbers because we still have a lot of transactions to write.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So Steve, this is Michael. I’ll just start and talk a little bit about the renewals. So yes, we definitely have kind of renewal quotes put out into the marketplace through the end of September and even into October. I said in the prepared remarks, we have a lot of confidence in this renewal process that we put in place. So right now, the quotes that have gone out in July and August, on a net effective basis, we’re right around 12%. And we’re negotiating somewhere right under that 200 basis point kind of spread. So we expect to achieve around 10%. I think that’s a fairly good number to think about for the next several months. And even as you think about the balance of the year, you will see some moderation in that achieved renewal increase rate, but it’s not going to be this material drop off. It’s going to stay somewhere in that high single digit and maybe even to this low kind of double-digit range. But I think as we think about our process right now, we’ve centralized all of the renewal negotiations, which has really kind of helped facilitating these renewal conversations and giving us a lot of confidence as we put out these quotes to really be able to project kind of what to expect from them.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So I would say, look, our record low turnover, we had 11.1% reported tax turnover in the second quarter, which is the lowest turnover we’ve reported for a second quarter in the history. You are starting to see and we even said this, acknowledge this a little bit in June through some of the conversations we had. You are starting to see a little bit of price resistance from some folks that came in with the deal early on in this recovery, they were renewing at the exact same pace. And by deal seekers, I mean people that came in that received concessions, really discounted rent. What we saw right now when we looked at the move-out behaviors in the second quarter, we saw a slight uptick in people citing that the increase was too expensive, and that was the reason they were moving out. And I think specific into New York, we definitely saw some folks from Manhattan kind of give us that notice and then move over into kind of that Jersey City area and taking advantage of some of the rent arbitrage there, just at that lower price point. But overall, I would say the renewal percent, the percent of residents renewing remains really strong. We’re either at or right above like these historical averages for this time of the year. And we really just haven’t seen us bumping up against this kind of affordability question that’s been out there. And the rent as a percent of income in our portfolio remains very constant which means that the income for our residents is definitely keeping pace kind of with the rent increases that we’re seeing across the markets.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So well, I think we’re always pushing the renewal front because we’re quoting kind of where street rents are and then we’re having these dialogues and pretty much holding the line. When somebody does move out, so if you don’t renew that resident, you are absorbing vacancy loss. So that definitely starts to come into some of that equation. If you just step back and think about the occupancy of this portfolio, I mean, when demand is strong and the front door is strong, you have a lot more confidence to hold the line into kind of this renewal process because if that resident does move out, you’re able to fill them very quickly at these high rates. So for us, if the demand picture stays as strong as it is, I would expect our portfolio is going to maintain strong occupancy. I think we should allow occupancy to probably trail off a little bit into that fourth quarter, but I think it is going to remain relatively strong. So when we look at the difference between new lease and renewal, I mean, we want to retain our residents, we want to retain our residents at a fair price. If the front door is not as strong, you will see us start to negotiate more into that renewal process. But if the demand stays as strong as it is, you’re going to see us kind of hold the line with these renewals.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Well, this is Michael. I think it’s really a function of where our market rents. So what happens to intra-period rent growth next year is really going to dictate a lot around where these quotes go out. But I think Mark mentioned earlier on the call, when you think about some of these regulations that we’ve been bumping up against this year, those regulations are actually going to help fuel renewal growth next year because it’s clear we’re going to be able to be quoting increases beyond what intra-period rent growth is just to catch up to the market through that. So in our modeling, yes, you’re going to have a little bit of this tail off in this achieved renewal increase because you have to assume that market rent prices seasonally do decline. They have declined every single year since 2008. At some point, you hit a peak and then you have some sense of moderation through 12/31 of the year, and then you start the cycle all over again. So that moderation is going to yield some softness in the quotes that go out the door. But again, it’s very marginal. It’s still going to be very high single digit of this low kind of double-digit. And then as we get into this October call, we will kind of give you our view as to how we think this is going to play out into 2023. But again, we got a little bit of a boost coming to us from just being able to catch up from all the regulation restrictions that we’re faced with today.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I mean this is Michael. I think you are hitting on a couple of points. So, even when you look at the data and you see some of that rate growth deceleration that occurred like on the renewal quote. A lot of this is just a function of that comp period from last year. And just to remind everybody, last year, when we hit July, that was the first time that our new lease change went positive. June of ‘21, we were negative 50 basis points, July of ‘21, new lease change went to positive 6.9%. So, a huge 740 basis point improvement in one month in just that new lease change. And then from that point forward, it’s sequentially approved every single month that new lease change and then fuel blended. So, as we think about where we sit today, you have to, like I said before, we have to allow for rents to moderate. The price in the market will moderate between now and the end of the year. In a normal year, I would say it’s somewhere in that 3% to 3.5% range is where kind of the market rents after you peak whichever week you peak at, you will allow some moderation to the end of the year in the tune of about 3.5%. But then when you look at where we are at with the changes that we were seeing last year sequentially, that is what’s going to fuel this moderation in our blended rate that we will be putting up in the third quarter and fourth quarter. But all that being said, where we land after the moderation, where we land after these tough comps is still significantly above historical norms.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Well, this is Michael. I think from the operating efficiencies when we think about payroll benefits, I would say we are probably getting closer to the middle innings of our runway. And I said before, like when we talked about kind of we think we have identified $25 million to $30 million that’s going to roll in over the course of 2023 and 2024 front half-loaded with kind of more of the expense opportunities and then it kicks into the initiatives focused on enhancing revenue. So, I look at the expense stuff and I would say we are probably in the middle of the innings there, but we are in the very early stages of the benefits from the revenue lifts on many of the initiatives that we are focused on.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, this is Michael. Let me clarify. So, the numbers that I was quoting before is the achieved renewal rate off of the offers that we put out there, where we believe that is going to be around this 10% for the next several months. And when we think about kind of the midpoint of our guidance, Bob pointed to this earlier, we are allowing some moderation in the new lease change and we are factoring in fairly consistent achieved renewal rate increases based on what we can see with a little bit of moderation in the fourth quarter just based on kind of normal seasonal decline in rate.
Michael Manelis: It’s not that simple, but I will correct you. I think I did say it’s going to be well above average. Well above that…
Michael Manelis: Maybe that’s a little more helpful. Yes. Look, again, I said this earlier. We are still writing a lot of leases, right. You still got a lot of activity coming through the rent roll. I think it’s clear that we have got the right setup in place for a really strong year next year based on the fundamentals of loss to lease, looking at where this embedded growth is today, looking at the strength in the market, knowing that rents haven’t peaked out yet. So, I think you just got to hold off and give us until October, and we will give you a little bit more clarity into the ranges of these building blocks, but I don’t think it’s as pure as like there is a direct one-to-one relationship between blended rate and kind of where that embedded growth is on 12/31.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So Haendel, this is Michael. I guess I would just start – I think I just went through a little bit of this as to where we are, which is from the efficiency standpoint on the operating platform. I would say that we are probably getting close to the middle innings, midway through. We have got a lot of the base technology installed. We are still working through some of kind of the smart home technology or access into units that we will add to some more efficiencies. You got half the portfolio running today without fully dedicated teams there. So, we have still got a little bit of opportunity kind of left to layer in the technology and create more efficiencies in the property management side. But for us, we are more excited right now because we are still in the early stages of the lift that we see from layering in technology into the income side of our business, the revenue growth engine, and we are in the very early innings of that of laying out all of these initiatives. And that benefit really comes in, in late ‘23 and into ‘24. But I think what you will see is you are going to see us continue to kind of mitigate some of the inflationary pressures on OpEx by just continuing what we have laid out in course of leveraging technology to create the operating efficiencies that will mitigate some of the expense pressures in 2023. And then you will see the engine kick in and switch more to the revenue lift.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I mean I guess I would look into some of the high-rise portfolios and say, you typically would have more staffing there. You have concierge, you have more labor pressure. You clearly have more dependency on some contractors relative to elevators and things like that. So, I guess I haven’t looked at the number, but I would be surprised if we don’t see a little bit more growth in the high-rise portfolio than we did in the suburban garden style.
Michael Manelis: Yes. No. So, I will just remind everybody, we do receive that time of application, a previous address for our new residents coming into the portfolio. So, this is where kind of these stats come from. And I will tell you, this quarter, we looked at the trends for the second quarter move in, and we continue to see slightly more new residents coming into our portfolio from outside of an MSA or even the state than normal. And to just give you some stats, so in a normal environment, and this would be like 2018, 2019, like historical data, we would typically see about 60% of our new residents come to us from within the same MSA and about 64% come from within the same state. Our move-ins during the second quarter 55% came from within the same MSA, so about 5% lower and 59% came from within the same state. So, both of these metrics were down about 500 basis points. And when we drilled in to any one of these areas to say where are they coming from, is it concentrated? Like is everybody coming to Seattle from San Francisco or anything like that, it was not concentrated at all, it was very fragmented. And for us, we view this as a very good positive indicator that our markets are continuing to draw this and attract this affluent renter from all over the United States and even slightly more kind of from the foreign countries because we saw that number tick up a little bit, too.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I guess I would tell you when we went into like Southern Cal, like Orange County and San Diego, the inbound or the new residents there. It was more like in line and California typically has a really high percent that comes from within the same MSA in the same kind of state, very loyal to that state in MSA. That didn’t have quite the same kind of shift as the whole portfolio, but it was pretty systemic across all the markets and even submarkets that we saw that trend.
Michael Manelis: Pedro, this is Michael. So first, just on the reasons for move-out, I said this a little bit earlier, we did see a slight uptick and just the increase was too expensive as one of the reasons that they are citing for move-outs that did occur. But again, we are running off of a base of an 11.1% turnover, which is the lowest that we have seen in the second quarter. When you just step back and just think about the overarching behaviors of the residents, I will bucket this into like a decoupling, like are we seeing any changes in unit type preference, are we seeing any changes in kind of the average adult per occupied home. And I would say, in our portfolio, we really haven’t seen this material change. Pre-pandemic, we used to be at 1.65 adults per occupied home. Sitting here today, we are at 1.57. So, you can kind of see a slight decline in the average adult. And when you drill in – it’s actually a little bit more prevalent in our one-bedroom household, which is about 48% or 50% kind of our portfolio versus anything that we saw like in the larger unit type. So, I think when you just step back and you think about macro trends in our industry, there is potential decoupling, whether it’s explained by young adults making lifestyle decisions later, relative rent affordability that we saw during the pandemic, and now they are kind of moving on to something else or maybe starting to double up. We haven’t seen that in our own or even just the rising wages, allowing single dose to live by themselves. All of that is contributing probably to this incremental demand and strength in pricing power. But specific to like our affluent renter in our portfolio, I wouldn’t say that we have seen a significant shift in their behaviors.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I don’t have that in front of me. I will tell you, across all of our markets, we have a range of 18 to 24 specific to New York. It is very, very few, if any, that bump up against that because our underwriting criteria against a gross rent would kind of prevent that from being anything of a significant level.
