Mark Parrell: Thank you, David. It's Mark Parrell. I want to take a few minutes this morning to discuss same store expenses. Our same store expense growth of 3.9% in the first quarter was primarily driven by increases in real estate taxes, on-site payroll and repairs and maintenance. This was slightly higher than we expected due to the impact of the California storm cost that I'm going to go over in a moment. So here is some quick color on some of the bigger expense line items. We saw a 4.2% increase in real estate taxes driven by assessment increases in Boston and Seattle. Also the burn off of 421(a) tax abatements in New York added 1.8 percentage points to this quarter's number. For the full-year we continue to expect real estate taxes which make up about 42% of our total operating expenses, increase between 4% and 5%. Moving on to on-site payroll. These expenses increased to 4.6% in the first quarter. For the full-year we continue to expect an increase of between 4% and 5% as we face the higher property level wage climate with our employees in high demand in a very competitive market. And David Santee just mentioned our laser focus on renewals and as a result of that, we have also added staff in some markets to provide even better service to our residents and to support tenant retention. Payroll expense this quarter was also impacted by the California storms as our property staffs worked longer hours addressing storm damage. Now I'm going to turn to repairs and maintenance where we saw a 6.7% increase in that line item in this quarter. As you saw on the news, mother nature made up for several years of severe drought in California with heavy and consistent rains which resulted in increased roof repairs, tree trimming and similar costs. These costs totaled approximately $570,000 in the first quarter which drove this number up to 6.7% from about 3.7%. Now on to a less material expense line item, leasing and advertising expense, which in the quarter increased to 12%. The increase in the quarter was driven by increased resident referral fees, including broker fees and more spending on resident activities to keep our customers engaged. These expenditures were generally all budgeted and expected. Last year, we reported an increase in this line item due to promotional spending, including the use of resident gift cards primarily in New York. We have budgeted about $700,000 in gift card spending in 2017 but thus far card use has been minimal. We still expect leasing and advertising expense for the full-year 2017 to be flat compared to 2016. I will now turn the call over to David Neithercut.
Mark Parrell: Yes. It's Mark. It's 4% to 5% for the whole year for those two line items. For payroll it's 4% to 5% for the annual expense number, and it's 4% to 5% for property taxes for the whole year.
Mark Parrell: Well, for the utilities, which we see as pretty low number in the 1% to 2% range and it's 14% of our expenses, is one of the line items where we are going to see a benefit.
Mark Parrell: And just on the development financing side, I mean we are constantly following banks, talking to loan brokers, talking to developers that are out there in the private market. And it certainly was an inflection point back in December of '15 when the bank regulator issued its letter. There is a pretty significant view from the banks at that point that they weren't going to increase their partner lending. So what we think is going in the apartment lending generally is that spreads are higher, 300 or so over LIBOR is pretty common. That advanced rates moderated in to the 60%-65% advance rate. So you need to come up with a good amount of equity. And thus all the things that David Neithercut mentioned about higher land cost, higher construction cost coming to play and just make the deal harder to pencil for what is now a pretty big size equity check that needs to be written. Now with the bank financing market is allowing though is as these deals roll off, so in other words become stabilized and are often refinanced with Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, that does create capacity at these banks to re-up and to do loans. So we don’t see precipitous declines, to be honest, in bank volume as a whole. We don’t see it going up either as it relates to apartment lending and over time we think that will cause the moderation that David referred to.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Tom. We don’t quarter by quarter same store revenue numbers. Generally speaking, the number will be lower through the quarters and will sort of flatten out towards the end of this year on the revenue side. On the expense side a lot of the quarter-over-quarter numbers are functions of our comps periods. Our comp period at the beginning of this year, you know relative to the first half of 2016 are very easy -- are very hard, towards the end of the year they are much easier. We had relatively high expenses, same store in the back half of 2016. So, again, what I would tell you is when we sum this all up, we still feel good about our ranges and that’s why didn’t need them. But each quarter is going to have a lot of volatility based on its comparable period.
Mark Parrell: So we use March as an example since that’s closed out. Typically that spread has been 180 basis points. We closed March at basically 190 basis points. So I would say for the most part all the market spreads are holding as we expected with a little wider spread in New York City.
David Neithercut: Thanks, Mark. On our last call, we indicated that following the year in which we sold nearly $7 billion of assets that 2017 would look quite tame on the capital allocation front and that we would transact if and when we found an opportunity to redeploy disposition proceeds into a higher pool of return asset. That remains the case. Although the one asset we did sell in the first quarter was a sold over from last year. This was a 304 unit asset built in 1970 and located in Milford, Massachusetts. For the handful of you that don’t know where north of Massachusetts is, that’s about 40 miles west of Boston. This leaves us with one remaining asset left to sell, also an older property in Massachusetts, in Franklin, Massachusetts, also well west of Boston. And those are just significant as a holdover from the large portfolio that we undertook to sell in 2016. Although we did not acquire anything in the first quarter, guidance for the full-year continue to assume $500 million of acquisition activity funded by a light amount of disposition activity at a negative spread of 75 basis points. We are underwriting a handful of possible acquisitions at the present time that we think would make great new investment opportunities for us but only at the right price. It remains to be seen where these deals will actually trade. We will continue to hang around the hook, ready to play if it makes sense to do so and track the potential opportunities as they occur throughout the balance of the year. So with all that said, Chris, we will be happy to open up the call to Q&A.
David Neithercut: I think residents, Nick, they get comfortable with the staff. We create essential family and neighborhood in the building. They grow accustomed to the amenities that are nearby and their inclination and desire is to stay. We do everything we can to do encourage them to do that and we are very pleased with the results that the team is delivering out there.
David Neithercut: Well, we talk about this on a quarterly, at the board level, and we have for quite some time I think taken a more cautious approach with respect to capital allocation. As you know, we throttled back our development considerably and following the large disposition that we did last year and even last year we did not acquire a great deal. For the past several years our free cash flow has gone to fund our development pipeline which has been extremely profitable and successful pipeline. That has been communicated with our board in our most recent meeting but that spend will begin to reduce and beginning in '18, you know that commitment to that business will not be at the magnitude that it had been over the past few years and that capital could be used for many different uses, including stock buyback, if we thought that was appropriate to do at that time.
David Neithercut: Well, I mean we did sell an awful lot of assets last year and did return a significant amount of capital to our shareholders. So it's not as though we have not been thinking about that kind of thing. In terms of selling assets, we believe that many of the assets that have been recent developments really will be the value creators for the company over an extended time period. Assets that may not be as important to the long-term strategy of the company as demonstrated by that which we sold last year and the meaningful gains they will produce, because of the requirement of distributing those gains that produce a lot of excess cash flow. We have, as you note, our balance sheet is probably in the best shape that it's ever been. Mark and his team has spend a lot of team with the agency getting to know about what we have been doing there and that number has come down. And we have communicated to that side of the investment community that we are not unwilling to use that capacity if and when it makes sense to do so. We fit in the ranges in the bottom [indiscernible] in which we have operated since we went public back in 1993. So I guess I would tell you that we have had these discussions and we will not be afraid to use that capacity if and when it makes sense to do so.
David Neithercut: Well, I think you have seen and everyone has sort of seen, it's just a widening of the bid ask spread, which is not, shouldn’t come as a surprise, when there is some question about where interest rates are going, where you are seeing some of the softness on the new leasing and this new supply. So you continue to have owners and sellers who think the properties are worth a certain price and you have got buyers sort of saying I am not so sure. So there has been a slowdown of transaction activity for quite some time and certainly we have seen very little in the first quarter away from value added product for which the remaining is a fairly good bid.
David Neithercut: Our expectations are notwithstanding recent permits. Based upon the intelligence that we gather from our teams with boots on the ground in the markets in which we operate suggest that generally '17 will be a peak and that we will see new supply reduce from there. We are certainly aware of the permitting activity. We know historically, 85% or so percent of those trends are [starts] [ph] etcetera. But our belief is with land pricings where they are, with construction financing becoming more difficult to get, with the new supply that’s coming into the marketplaces today, we just continue to believe that we should see new supply come down from this peak level that we are going to experience in 2017. By definition, if 85% or so conversion of permits in the starts, that means there is some things that must be left. You know I don’t know what the range is, what the dispersion is around that number but I certainly would believe that there would have to be years in which it would be below 85% and certainly would expect that number to [indiscernible]. Our guidance is around, we are looking at everything. Any of the [indiscernible], any of the players. Mark Parrell, I would ask him to just jump in. Well, he has been on the finance side, what he is sort of seeing and hearing about the debt side. But between land prices, construction costs continue to go up, the challenges that the markets are seeing would result in reducing supply and sort of compressing rent growth. Just making it become even more challenging to sort of pencil and we don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t come down from the 2017 peak.
David Neithercut: And to just expand on that a little bit. So we know that lease rates moderate through the year, so I mean if someone leases his unit from us in July, August, and as David said, needs to vacate in the first quarter, we will lease that at a lower number and we expect that rate rather to be a lower number. Which is why as he says, often times first quarter lease over lease is going to be negative. Now because of this new supply, it's probably more negative today than it would otherwise be. But I don’t want people to -- we want people to understand that it's even in an upward market it's not uncommon for there to be negative lease over lease in the first quarter.
David Neithercut: Let me just start by, sort of you have answered your question I think when asking it. And that is, transaction activities accrued up to now were just now getting into the primary leasing season and when the rubber meets the road. So we are trying to give you a sense of what we have seen in the first quarter but as David said, David Santee said in his prepared remarks, we recognize that the heavy lifting is yet ahead of us.
David Neithercut: Sure. Basically these are numbers which as of today most likely will be built because if you are vertical, you are already moving there. So we are looking at across all of our markets, about 54,100 units.
David Neithercut: John, [indiscernible] I mean it’s [200,000] [ph] plus in '17. One thing to just think about this supply, when it gets delivered is at a point in time it takes a lot of leasing up. So even '16 deliveries are complication for us today and '17 deliveries will be complication in '18. I know there would be fewer deliveries in '18 than in '17. So we are watching very closely, as I said earlier, we have got our guys, our investment officers, development folks, our management people on the ground. They are on track on all the stuff. And when David gives you that number, so I make it clear, that this is the number of supply that we are looking at within sort of the markets that we draw, that we believe to be competitive with our product. That was not intended to be a number for the entire marketplace but only that which we believe there is product that would be competitive with our portfolio set.
David Neithercut: It's David Neithercut. We have concurred with your conclusion. Our team in New York has underwritten some transactions and applied the new affordable New York to those and their takeaway that while there are some nuances between the two, there is not really a dramatic change from the private programs. We think that the, to your point, that the big condo land in New York City and all and the rising construction cost would continue to make Manhattan and the Brooklyn markets that you mention, very restrictive for new apartments going forward and that this affordable New York program will likely promote and encourage some rentals but that is more in the outer boroughs. But we do not see it as something that’s going to have a meaningful impact on bringing new development into the Manhattan and of course in Brooklyn markets.
David Neithercut: That’s deliveries. We would have like a year in which a product is delivered, and I am glad you asked the question in that manner to us because we do track this. There is not, obviously, not simply in the year or quarter in which a property is delivered. And delivered means essentially complete. But our team is out in the field tracking very closely when those units will first be available for occupancy. And it really did become competition days prior to that. So there is a difference between when something is "complete", and when it actually is competition and we track the latter on quarter.
David Neithercut: Yes. I mean we are certainly aware of what those national numbers are and we are tracking those assets in our markets that we believe are competitive with us. And then just to add a little on the loan color side. Some of the feedback we have gotten from the banks and the brokers and the like, as it relates to our urban markets is that the banks are more interested in making loans in areas in the suburbs, where there is a little bit less construction over the last year or two. Just again seeing the numbers decline a little in the urban core is discouraging. Also they would suggest the hardest loan to do right now is a syndicated urban loan. So a very large $100 million-$150 million loan. From our perspective that’s particularly good news because that’s the kind of competition that David Santee and his team are facing most of these larger urban assets that do require pretty significant syndicated construction loans.
David Neithercut: Well, that’s not just simply the discussion of supply that David shared with you, it's a function of the demand as well. So as I mentioned, product being delivered in '18 would continue to be the leasing up in '19. So it would take probably into '19 before things can stabilize unless we see a nice pickup in the higher paying jobs sector in New York which we all -- that we haven't seen in a while.
David Neithercut: Well, if it is one quarter, while it was a more turns in the first quarter '17 than it was in the '16, it's still not a lot relative to the churn that we all experience throughout the whole year. As David mentioned, the overall spending we have spent and not just recently but over the last year, spent a lot of time training out people. Making sure they appreciate who important renewals are and the service expectations that we expect for them to deliver, to do that. And so we have every expectation, every hope that retention will remain strong because we have got our focus on it as David in his prepared remarks.
David Neithercut: I don’t really have -- I know nothing about what's happening in the sunbelt. Although Mark Parrell just mentioned that the lending community had suggested that they prefer the smaller size loans out in the suburbs as opposed to the larger deals that require syndication downtown. But I have got to no -- can't comment on what's happening in the sunbelt.
David Neithercut: I guess it's hard as we see here around the eve of the primary leasing season recognizing that we have the least amounts of actual transaction activity in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. But we have talked about some markets like San Francisco maybe having found the bottom, having reset to a level, that David in his remarks mentioned, that in San Francisco we hope that the position, they have got more rational pricing as new products comes online. But we just do want to emphasize that work is yet to be done ahead. Because most of the leasing we will do, will be done in the next 90 days and we will have a better perspective of how it's going and we view the shape up when we visit with you at the end of July.
David Santee: This is David Santee. Given that Southern California is going to deliver almost 50% of our expected growth for 2017, we are obviously laser focused on the results coming out of those markets.
David Santee: Well, I think if you just look at our industry, I think there is an overarching trend that residents are just more confident in the future. There was a Freddie Mac study that said people are staying longer. I think we have seen that over the past years. People just like where they live. They don’t want to move from their lifestyle. Most of these communities are not two-storey walk-ups. They are much less transient. And I think we are seeing the benefits of that.
David Santee: Well, I don’t know that we are changing our game plan. This is more about, a lot of our leasing folks, these are entry level positions, it's probably the highest turnover position in our industry. And it's just included as we enter the peak leasing season each year. The fact that we had a sales meeting before peak leasing season is not necessarily new. We do this every year. What is new is the fact that myself, our senior leaders here, we went out, we spent time with these folks. We heard their concerns. We discussed our opportunities, especially with our service employees. They are a critical piece of the renewal puzzle and this was all about giving them the support they need to be as successful as they can over the next several months.
David Santee: Well, I guess I would say probably most of it. The question that we have always -- that will be answered soon is will Long Island City become a new value destination and will that draw folks from Manhattan or Brooklyn in search of a lower rent. It's probably easier to talk about lower to least exposed, which is probably Jersey City, and the upper east side. But the bulk of our revenue comes from -- well, over 30% of our revenue is just on the West side. So that will, and that’s where most of the deliveries that will directly compete with our portfolios are coming on line.
David Santee: Yes, I can. I think said those in the prepared remarks. San Francisco for April 4.8%, and May still has about 42% to be worked so it's 4.2%, so that number should close May much higher.
David Santee: Well, so a lot of the West Coast markets are on our 30-day notice requirement markets. So we haven't issued many of those renewals yet. But I can tell you, on the East Coast where we have to issue those about 75 days in advance, those are, let's [indiscernible] on par with May.
David Santee: I guess I wouldn’t categorize it either way. I mean it's kind of where we thought it would be. I think the better news for LA specifically is that the number of high paying jobs that are being created are in the places where we are developing new apartments, specifically the urban core. But LA has always been very broad-based, many product types, many different municipalities. So I think it's too soon to say anything either way as we are on track and we will meet the expectations.
David Santee: This is David Santee. I think we expect, I think I have mentioned that in my prepared remarks, we would expect occupancy to kind of begin to moderate a little bit through the summer months, just due to the level of activity. And then steady off in Q4 that will follow a normal seasonal pattern. There is still good demand. We don’t see any really material changes expected.
David Santee: Well, I guess I would say that peak deliveries in New York are most likely to occur next year. So 15,000 units this year of which only five have been delivered. And then another 17,000 units next year. So that’s kind of, we have kind of the deliveries mapped out on a graph and for this year those deliveries peak in Q3. But, again, some of the deliveries in Q4 will obviously carryover into '18 as well. So I think David said in his prepared remarks, looking at new lease prices, they will probably continue to be under pressure, but on the other hand these lease over lease numbers that I quote, I mean more often than not they are always negative. It's just one of those nuances in our business. And what's not factored in that number are the fees. Most of these people that move in November, December or January, February. These are people that are forced to move. These people are the people that typically have to early term their lease. We are charging significant fees for the privilege of doing that. And those do not show up in these lease over lease numbers.
David Santee: So I would say really the only place where we are using two-year leases are primarily in New York. We are obligated to offer two-year leases and I think our belief was that we have done thus far year-to-date, it's about 15% of total move-ins. Again, we very low volume in the quarters, so 15% of a very low number is again a very low number. So it's not a material part of our leasing strategy.
David Santee: I would tell you that in experimenting obviously we have had more takers when there is no increase built-in, but depending upon what we expect as far as deliveries in 2018, we may offer two-year leases with no increase built-in.
David Santee: So Alex, we had talked in the last call about a number as a percentage of revenue for the same store set of around 7% for all CapEx spending where rehabs replacements were all shooting match. This year we are into low 8% range. Again, talking to the team it seems like 7%, 7.5%, somewhere in that range is the right number for us. So that equates to about $2,300 per unit versus the $2,600 we are spending this year. So, again, from our point of view, we don’t feel like our assets have a great deal of deferred maintenance such that we require some sort of catch up. But we are trying to make our assets just a little bit more [indiscernible] accelerating some things we would have done in out years to this year to make the leasing season all the bit better for us right now. So I guess I don’t feel like the run rate has changed past this year.
David Santee: This is David Santee. I have kind of misplaced my New York delivery. But regardless, there is no hold on of supply in Jersey City or East Manhattan. I mean a lot of the supply this year and next will be centered in kind of Northeast Brooklyn, Long Island City, continuing the upper Westside, the Westside, and then a smattering of midtown down to lower Manhattan. I mean that’s where all of the development is located both this year and next.
David Santee: No. I mean, concentration -- have to define them. When Long Island City is only train stop away, we will have to wait and see if that’s a drawl out of Manhattan. So there is some jockeying around. There is obviously less neighborhood loyalty, so to speak, and probably what we were accustomed to five to ten years ago. We hear stories of people moving from lower Manhattan over to Jersey City. We see people moving from Jersey City to upper Westside. And really it just comes down to what lifestyle are you trying to achieve.
David Santee: And just to double back on the deliveries in New York. Basically the easiest way to describe this is, where the concentrations are today, they are even more concentrated next year. So this year Brooklyn is 3700 units, next year Brooklyn is 4500 units. Queens this year, the Long Island City is 3000 units, next year that is 5700 units. So next year just between Brooklyn and Queens, that makes up 10,000 of the year of 17,000 units.
David Santee: Yes. So the supply is kind of coming on us right now and it's definitely concentrated back into the urban core and Cambridge. Kind of that’s the same time that the students which make up a vast -- well, not a vast but a large majority of our residents in those two sub-markets, begin to give notice for the end of the school year. So there is just, the next several months will be a period of very high leasing activity where we try to prelease for fall of 2017.
David Santee: Yes. I certainly feel better but that doesn’t mean things can't change very quickly. You know we look at our fully committed concessions, May looks very good and we will see how that plays out. But again, we still have to deliver, we are in the midst of delivering another 10,000 units on top of 10,000 units that are currently making in lease up.
Rich Hightower: So I am going to start with a question on expenses. Just to make sure that I have got this correct. I am having trouble squaring, I think, the couple of statements that real estate taxes and payroll, which are the two biggest expense categories. I think you said you are going to grow 4% to 5% for the balance of the year and I just want to square that against the 3% to 4% expense guidance which was unchanged after the first quarter results.
Rich Hightower: Okay. Thanks, Mark. I guess that begs the same question though. I mean if the two largest expense categories are growing greater than the guidance range, where do you make up for it on the other side, I guess, is the question.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That helps. Second question from me. This goes back to what David Santee referred to in the prepared comments. There was a comment about sharing best practices. It sounded like on the revenue management side of things, in the face of new supply and maybe changing the game plan a little bit versus what happened in 2016. I am just wondering if you can provide a little more color as to what some of those specifics might be going forward.
Nick Yulico: First, I guess, on New York. Obviously, a lot of concern with all the supply that’s coming. Can you give us a sense for now much of your portfolio in New York you think is actually exposed to the high, luxury segment of the market where all the supply is being delivered.
Nick Yulico: Okay. And then, David Neithercut, I had a question on you and the board's capital allocation views right now. So in March, I think, you are doing your annual NAV analysis to the board. I am wondering what the conclusion of that analysis was and specifically how you are weighing external growth versus buying back your stock.
Nick Yulico: Okay. I guess just a follow-up. Are you also thinking about other options, maybe to free up some more capital. Whether it be selling some of the recent New York City developments or maybe even raising your leverage a bit, sacrificing your A minus credit rating. Because you are, maybe not getting that much of a benefit from it right now versus if you went down a notch. I mean how do you think about some of those approaches which would create even more capital to reinvest somewhere else.
