Michael Manelis: Nick, this is Michael. So I think the way to think about this is pricing trend from Page five in that management presentation is the leading indicator of where the improvement is going to come to blended rate. And then after you see the improvement in blended rate, you start to see the improvement in revenue growth. So I think there's probably about a month or two lag that you start to see as we'll start to cross over. Now remember, the comp period from last year gets easier as we work our way through May and June. So our focus is really around that pre-pandemic period, which is what were rents like in each one of these assets at the very beginning of March 2020, and where we have good acceleration, we're focused on what was that high mark from '19 and how fast can we go after that. So I think as we keep pushing forward and keep getting that momentum over prior year, you'll start to see that blended rate improvement really kick into gear. You could see what happened just sequentially from March to April. I would expect you're going to see that same kind of real big pop as you work your way, April into May.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Well, so I think near term, I think I said in the prepared remarks, it's had these moments of kind of fits and stops as our recovery goes. But if I would go a little bit further out, longer term, I mean, the demand drivers are strong in all of our markets. So as you really think about our ability to kind of grow revenue across our markets, all of these markets have unique aspects of what's going to be really delivering that demand growth. And I feel positive about really our opportunity as we work our way forward. We've still got this near-term stuff. We've got to work our way through, but the momentum is on our side right now.
Michael Manelis: Well, I think I would say that the occupancy is catching up and that trajectory moves. Our focus really in both of those markets is to continue to claw back as much of this decline as we can, given the strength and demand we're seeing. We still got ways to go. If you isolate like Downtown, San Francisco to the nine properties or 2,500 units we have. We're still materially off from where we were at this time last year. The good news in that market is concessions have really abated. So now we have an opportunity just to grow that face rent. The opposite opportunity exists in New York right now, whereas concessions held down strong, and now our focus is let's keep trying to pull back those concessions. Even while concessions maintain that high level in the first quarter, we were trying to pressure test just raising up rate. So we have this a different opportunity in both of these markets to really go forward. So I wouldn't say it's -- let's pause occupancy and claw back all the rate or let's keep rates where they are and get all the occupancy. It's this constant push on both levers.
Michael Manelis: That's a great question. So I think a lot still depends upon our ability to grow that pricing trend over the prior year and really back to that pre-pandemic level. So I would think I would look at this somewhere in -- we have an opportunity in the late second quarter, early third quarter to do it if that momentum stays. But I could also just see that number kind of moving out a few more months. If we kind of hit any section of pause in our ability to keep recovering and clawing back that rate.
Michael Manelis: Well, I mean, I think from an affordability index, it's clear that the new residents moving in are going to be able to afford increases as we return to those pre-pandemic levels. As we've been pulling back even sequentially into April and as we think about where we sit today, even from last weeks, kind of applications coming in, we're pushing really hard, and we're not finding that resistance point yet. I mean, that's our goal, is to keep pushing and trying to find that resistance point. We haven't seen a change in the demographic profile. So I think from an affordability standpoint, the applicants coming in, they're all approved based on the gross rent. So regardless of concessions, they're approved on that gross rent and they're used to paying us that gross rent after they get past that first or second month. So I think that's something we'll have to watch in the markets where we -- like New York and San Fran, where we really kind of have momentum to dial back even more on that concession use. But to date, for the month of April, we have not seen any material change in that demographic.
Michael Manelis: Yes, absolutely. You could just look at the slope. I mean, I would say we have been pushing. If you just look at the slope of the line, that's occurred. But our goal is to keep being as aggressive as we can, while we have that demand kind of coming in that front door.
Michael Manelis: Well, I think it's a little bit of both. So clearly, we have some markets like the Upper-West side and Upper-East side, where we really have pulled back using concessions. You still have submarkets like Chelsea and Gramercy that you still see concessions are being used widespread across most of the applications. So I think at this point, we've seen momentum in the last three weeks, even in those tougher hit areas. So we're going to just keep opening. We could keep pulling back and dialing back not only the value of the concession. But just how frequently they are. The other thing you got to remember with the use of concessions is many times, what we're doing right now is we'll have concessions in place on vacant units to create the sense of urgency to fill our vacancy, and we will not offer concessions on noticed units, which is residents that said they're moving out somewhere at the end of May or into June. We'll advertise those units for sale, but we will not have concessions on them, and we are leasing those units without concessions.
Michael Manelis: I think that's too early to tell, right? You could see the momentum in like a San Francisco, Downtown San Francisco, how fast you can pull back? So I think New York, or the Manhattan submarkets clearly have the opportunity to just pull back at the same pace. They haven't done that yet. And I think a lot of that does have to do with the type of ownership we have. Where you have a lot of kind of single-owned assets that aren't using yield management, and they're going to keep those specials in place until they fill back up, and then they'll eliminate the concession. So I think that's still TBD as to when we'll get back to a place where we're normalized on the concession use in that market.
Michael Manelis: So the short-term rentals, I would say, at this point, we're not doing that. We see enough demand for conventional renters. So we're going to kind of hold off on going back to that type of renter. And as far as the ancillary income, I think we're still being aggressive where we can with all of our amenity fees, whether that's raising the parking. I mean, we spend a lot of time over the course of the last couple of years, improving kind of how we priced our parking spaces and how we kind of optimize the revenue from that. So I think there's still a little bit of opportunity left, but not a lot there. And then the other thing that feeds into some of those ancillary incomes is just our settlement fee. So when people break leases, what are the fees we charged. We clearly have increased those throughout the COVID period, we'll keep them at this elevated level. And then the other areas that we have right now, I would say we had some things in place pre-COVID that we're just not ready to go back to yet.
Michael Manelis: If yes. So for us, I mean, the use of brokers is really heavily concentrated in New York. And right now, I'll tell you, in the first quarter, we were just over, I think, $300,000 in broker fees. And it is truly directed towards the submarkets where we are still having the most pressure. So Gramercy, few assets in the Gramercy submarket and Chelsea submarket is where we will have kind of advertisements where we're willing to pay that broker fees. But you could see that $300,000 a quarter. My guess is as the market continues to improve, that our dependency on that brokerage in those submarkets will lessen.
Michael Manelis: Well, no, because, I mean, we're quoting our renewal offers in line with where that future streak is expected. So as we think about pricing trend, that effective pricing trend, as soon as it starts crossing over prior year in any asset or any submarket, those renewal quotes will go out with an increase. And then we'll just -- we'll start having the conversations with residents, but so much of our ability to focus on achieved renewal rate increase is dependent upon what is happening in that direct submarket around us? What are other options when that renewal offer comes in? And as concession use starts to abate, that power and the negotiation shifts back to the landlord.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So I guess I would tell you, you need to really drill in and understand the assets that we're competing against. And what is the occupancy of that submarket that we're operating in. Because when we're looking at this, we're always trying to stay, call it, 100, 200 basis points above what we would say is market occupancy. But when -- right now, when you're in this recovery phase, the overall market occupancy is not as relevant as drilling into the assets that you're competing against and what are those occupancies. So I think this balancing Act of clearly in these more hard-hit areas, like the New York and San Francisco, is to really focus on recovering everything. Grab your occupancy and keep pushing aggressively on rate and dialing back concessions. San Francisco responded well on the pullback of concessions. New York was a little bit more resistant. And a lot of that has to do with the type of ownership that exists there.
Michael Manelis: Absolutely. I absolutely could see that playing out. We also have -- we had great traction in Q3 and Q4 of '20. So from a rent roll perspective, I will have more renewal activity kind of in that back half of the year. It's not a material shift, but it is a shift. So I really do think this demand profile and what we used to think of as a normal kind of peak leasing season is going to extend out and go into kind of the later part of Q3. And it could very well. We've seen other recovery cycles continue all the way through and push through the fourth quarter as well.
Mark Parrell: Nick, well, just to be clear, the growth is really a swap, right? We're selling assets, as I mentioned in my remarks, predominantly in California, but also elsewhere. Getting really terrific pricing on that stuff and being able to trade into properties in Denver, for example, where we're going to expand our presence, we think, pretty significantly over the next few quarters. We continue to look at some new markets. And then again, suburban parts of our existing markets. So again, we'll have better detail. I actually have properties to speak to, but we're well along in that process. I expect to have a bunch close in the next month or two, and then to be able to talk about it in more detail in July.
Mark Parrell: Great question. So I'm going to look at cap rates, talk a little bit about cap rates with you, though we all know that's only part of the picture. A lot of these markets, almost all of them that we're either in or interested in with the exception of Manhattan, Brooklyn and call it, the city of San Francisco are trading at or higher than they did at the pandemic period. So we were looking at cap rates, for example, in Denver, 3.75% to 4.25%. I mean there isn't a market that's screening cheap. And in terms of expensive, I'd say the recovery is well-priced in. It's probably a charitable way to say it. I think these cap rates are low because people have confidence because even in the Sun Belt markets or places like Denver, there were declines in revenue. And I think what people are seeing is you're going to make that up, and you're going to make that up pretty quickly. And so they're willing to kind of capitalize that into the price. So with the NOI is still relatively low, that makes the cap rates low. So I guess I'd say there aren't any bargains we see. But what works for us is if we can sell some of these assets that whether it's locational or we have an over-concentration. We're able to get rid of, John, at pretty low cap rates, too at values in a lot of cases that are the highest, not just the pandemic, but we've ever seen and buy assets we really like at the same cap rates, even if they are, frankly, in the very low fours and in the threes, that's still a good trade for us. We still think that gives us that diversification we talk about, maybe a little better growth going forward. Again, we're always looking at newer assets, so we're not arbitraging new properties for old. We're typically buying in our markets. And in Denver, for example, assets that are 2016 vintage or newer.
Mark Parrell: Just - and I'm sorry to supplement further, maybe just a conversation about Denver, and this is just as applicable to Austin. I mean, a lot of the per square foot rents in those markets are $2 to $2.20 a foot per month. When you look at other markets that we think Denver will emulate like Seattle, there's a lot of room to run. I mean -- and when you look at single-family, and I was just out there with our Chief Investment Officer a few weeks ago in Denver, great quality of life, a lot of good things to say about job quality and lifestyle in Denver, but also single-family has gotten a lot more expensive. I mean, townhouse is that routinely are $600,000, nice homes but not elaborate. And again, our rents at that level compete well. And I feel like you could see some real out-performance for higher-end apartments in places like Denver and presumably places like Austin, the issue is that the market is pricing that in. And that cap rates are pretty darn low. But again, if we're trading out of assets we don't want, and it's at the same cap rate, and we're buying a better kind of growth stream, we think that math is going to work out for us.
Mark Parrell: Sure. Well, I will tell you, I think on the past calls, I talked about the pressure we were having with studios and just not seeing a lot of demand for new leases there. That clearly is changing as we work our way through that first quarter and through April, just sequentially, from our point of April 23 to the end of that first quarter. We've improved 150 basis points in our occupancy of studios. So we're not back all the way where we were, but we're clearly starting to see that demand. And that's really an interesting standpoint because we're not seeing as much of the acceleration in the rate recovery on studios yet. So you're still seeing that attractive price point and that leads to that next demographic piece just from the overall affordability and like the household income. So what we've done is we're really focused right now in new residents that moved in with us during the first quarter. What do we know about them? So first, from the overall age profile and demographic, really pretty much in line with our historical average. Those move-ins had 33 -- they were 33 years old. It's a little bit less in like in New York market where we were 33.5. But historically, we were up in like a 35-year old, kind of moving in. So not a big change on the age. On the affordability index, which is really rent as a percent of income, we really saw no significant change across any of our markets. The portfolio is still averaging at 19%. So rent as a percent of income is 19%. When you drill into that because rates are still down, that means what gave is a little bit of a decline in the annual household income for our new residents moving in. It's just not a significant number, though. These are still affluent renters that are moving in with us. The most significant decline came in New York. But our average renters for Q1 household income was $215,000 in that market, and their rent to income ratio is still at 18.5%. So we've been kind of watching these demographic trends to see what's happening. The pattern of going after the larger units, the one and two bedrooms, we talked about on the last call, still there. We're well occupied on that front. Now the opportunity is studios.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So I think by that, we'll just -- we'll talk about what we say is like our migration patterns. So like where are people coming to us from the new residents as well as when we look where are our residents that are leaving going. And I will tell you in San Francisco, we're trending back towards normal pre-pandemic levels, but applications from within the same MSA and state, both still remain elevated. Huge improvement sequentially from what we saw in the Q3 and Q4 period of last year, but they're both still slightly elevated, which really just means that you're still seeing kind of this deal seeker or people trying to take advantage of it just moving within the market. The New York front has really almost returned back to normal. It still has some elevated level of deal seekers from within the same MSA. But really, that is materially lower. We were up in like 80% of all of our applications in New York were coming to us from within the same MSA. Right now, we're back down to 65%, which is right in line with our historical norms.
Mark Parrell: So you're going to ruin all the news for next quarter, but we did sell our last asset in Connecticut, and that was really an asset decision. It just wasn't a property that we thought had the renovation potential that the buyer did. So it's just a little bit of an older property, Alex. We are interested in a deal and will likely close shortly that is a New Jersey higher end affluent renter base. You can certainly commute into Manhattan, but there's a lot of folks that live at this property that are going to work in that area. So we are open. Again, New York has -- the New York metro has some huge advantages in terms of supply dynamics, in terms of having the largest base of high income rentership in the country by a long shot. I think you can say whatever we all might say about this President and the prior President's actions. But as it relates to infrastructure, and spending and things that the city of New York, the state of New York and the states around it needed. A lot of money is coming into these states to heal, so we're still open very much to investing in the greater metro area in New York.
Mark Parrell: That's fair to say. We have 27 buildings in Brooklyn and Manhattan. I can't tell you how many we'll have in two years, but it will be somewhat less. And I think that we've got some of that 421a stuff, you might remember that we've spoken of, that's just hard for public reporting company to own. And I just think we're probably just a little over concentrated in Manhattan. And you may just see a slight net. But again, you'll see us find deals that we like in the metro area, and we'll buy those. We got a development deal in the New York metro area as well that we'll talk about next quarter or the quarter after. So I think we're willing to do both, Alex. But this trend of spreading out our capital is true in every market, and that definitely includes New York. And I think New York net will be smaller than metro.
Mark Parrell: We certainly hope so. I mean, you're starting to ask a question that's more applicable probably to 2022. But again, we've all read the articles. Yes. We all read the -- I mean the setup is good. You got great occupancy. I mean, New York, in just a few weeks, will open up to 75% occupancy in office space. And we're seeing these numbers so strong. And legally, it's not open for more than 50% occupancy, that feels terrific to us. And again, we've all read about what happened after the 2019 or whatever it was Spanish-flu epidemic. There was a lot of pent-up demand for all sorts of things. And I think we'll see that. I think people want a little more space. Young people have been stuck at home with their parents. My kids included, one out, and they want to live where we own properties. And I think we're going to feel all of that, which is your Gen-Z comment. So I think we've got a good long runway here ahead of us as we get through this year, put the pain of 2020 behind us as a company and as a society. I think you're going to see some pretty good numbers from folks like us, apartment owners in these big cities.
Mark Parrell: Well, that was shifty of you. But I mean, I'd just tell you, obviously, progress in the pandemic has to continue. Like I said in my remarks, economic conditions have remain generally supportive, but there's good momentum. The single-family market is very expensive still. I do understand all the return to office, work remote arguments, but I think there's still a very large constituency happy to live in our urban locations.
Mark Parrell: A little bit of both. When you think about growth, as I said in some of my prior answers, it's likely that New York and San Francisco will post absolute numbers that are somewhat higher in the near term, let's call it, so maybe '22, '23-ish periods. Just again, because the decline, John, was so significant before, I think when you start to talk about a longer period of time, it's probably good to have a little bit of a -- to be in a few of these growth markets and be a little bit spread out. So -- and I also just think diversification of all sorts is good. I mean, listen, we've talked a lot about political risk in some of our markets, but I'd point out, if you own departments in Texas, you probably have some pretty significant casualty and maintenance issues to deal with from the freeze. So there is no place that's riskless from physical point of view or riskless from political issues or whatever. So just having the capital in us being in 6, seven markets, it's probably better to 10 or 11, but I don't see us going back to 30 like we were in the late '90s. That's not -- that's too many to keep, I think, good track of and to be on top of.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Amanda, it's Mark. So we have given some thought. We've talked on prior calls a little bit about that. So again, this would mostly be for our current residents. Our thought isn't to compete with those sort of rework type remote work providers. It's more to provide an amenity to our residents that they're either paying for directly on a per use basis, maybe it's repurposed ground floor retail that we put a great Internet hub in and some furniture and then off to the races or maybe it's just space and existing amenities that we're bifurcating a little bit more so people can use it. So I don't really have an ROI for you as much as its stickiness. And I'll say that one thing we don't want to do is just hold on an empty retail for too long, assuming we can get cities to let us rezone it. We do have retail space that was vacated, and we're just giving a lot of thoughtfulness to whether we're just going to put new retail tenants in that space. And then you haven't forbid 2, 3, four years later, go through the same experience again. Because retail is a tough business. We're glad we have very little of it. So we may repurpose some of that additional space as potentially amenity space for our residents. But you shouldn't expect us to use it significantly as an independent rental stream.
Mark Parrell: Well, it's Mark. Thanks for that question, Haendel. Those are a little bit linked because the one thing we can't do with recycling is development. So if the 1031 rule's continue to be in effect, it's pretty efficient for us because we do have assets we want to exit in markets where we want to lower exposure to do -- use a -- do a tax-free exchange and then just move the money over. I would say on development, that's an area where in the past, we have used the ATM or have used other mechanisms to raise money because you can't 1031 into developments. You really need to have independent capital. Often, it's been pretty small. So we've used debt capital. But again, as our cost of equity improves here and as our -- it becomes a more relevant funding source, I'm open to it. Another way, by the way, to address our market concentration, our desire to rebalance is to make the whole company bigger. So you could use, again, ATMs and issuances to buy assets and not recycle. But as long as the 1031 -- and buy assets, I'm sorry, in new markets or in Denver, for example. But that's a process that could have more dilution associated with it. So I just want to be kind of thoughtful about it.
Mark Parrell: We got to start by knowing what interest rates are, what growth is -- I mean, I -- boy, I wish I was that good. That's the big corona question. Yes. I mean -- and by the way, do I have to know the answer for sure, if I'm spread out in places where there's knowledge workers, good general economic growth. I mean if we spread our bets a little bit, and we'll draft that no matter where it happens, right? And again, to be over concentrated in any one place, probably -- that's probably a lesson we've all learned. Even before the pandemic wasn't a great idea. And it isn't just, again, these coastal markets. Florida, every time hurricane season comes, we have no properties there, but we used to, I remember. Shuttering every time it started because I didn't know what it was going to do to our numbers into the condition of our properties. So I mean, every market has significant risk of 1, there's no riskless apartment market. So to be more balanced, I think, is a good idea in any regard.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Well, first off, anything that helps the affordable housing shortage is worth trying. So we'll start with that premise. Because, again, some of the conversations or articles I've read and you've likely read are about, can that help with affordable housing. I'm not sure, but let's give it a world because that's a real issue. But we -- the problem with converting offices, often, these are older office buildings, large floor plates, limited windows. So when you think about a lot of units that don't have outside access that don't have windows, I think Michael would tell you, those are going to be card units to rent. We do have a couple of buildings in the portfolio that were repurposed. One is a great asset that used to be the U.S. Steel headquarters down there the New York Stock Exchange on Broadway. That's a great asset that's really cool. It's also a pretty narrow asset. Everyone has window access and the property works. We have some out-West as well. Same thing, floor plate is a little bit smaller. There's an interior courtyard. I don't know what happens with a building that takes up half a block or more. And you're just trying to turn it all into apartments. I'm not sure how that's going to work. So I'm not that concerned with it as competitive to higher-end apartments. And I think we'd be open to trying to figure out a way to make it into affordable units. But again, this window issue is not a small one. Most people want to see the outdoors. I mean that's -- again, I think Mike will be very unhappy if we gave them hundreds of units to rent without windows.
Mark Parrell: I mean it's - there's $0.05 more of FFO likely to come from operations. So you move the midpoint up a $0.05 to $2.75, and you didn't need the rest of the range. So it was kind of what happened.
Mark Parrell: Great. So you're referring to single family housing. I'm sorry, we took that to mean apartments. The whole portfolio is designed not to have a lot of impact given the markets we're in from single family. So the fact that single-family prices are going up and availability is tight, that's somewhat helpful, I guess, to our business, but it's not as helpful as if we had a portfolio in a market where everyone wanted to be a homeowner right away. You think about markets like a Kansas City or something where people just -- they really living in an apartment is a transitional state for people with middle incomes, and they want to own a home right away, and there is a much purpose to being a renter as much advantage in terms of amenities in the city center. That's, in our case, our residents are thinking a lot about lifestyle and job proximity and other stuff. So single-family issues are really not terribly relevant to us right now.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And Nick, it's Mark. Just to add a little bit to that, mean our ownership in New York City, so Brooklyn and Manhattan as well as in the city of San Francisco, which is where all this action is really happening. That's about 10% of the company. And so it's a small group of assets. As Michael said, we're very capable of doing both. I mean we intend to raise both rate, diminish concessions and drive occupancy. But there may be buildings where we just can't move concessions. And Michael, but we've got great demand, but we just have that demand is super price sensitive. Then you'll see us just grow occupancy. But for the most part, now, we're in a better position. That demand we talked about in the fall, led to the occupancy improvements over the winter is leading to the pricing improvements now. And shortly, we hope will lead to the other abatement of concessions, though that's not in our guidance. We think concessions exist all the way through the fourth quarter, just a lot lower. But there's sort of this cycle we're in that I think is a very positive one.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Just to give you some real-world evidence. We know you're a student of history like we are but the fourth quarter in 2011 for our New York portfolio, same-store revenue growth, again, fourth quarter 2011 was 7.4%, and the first quarter of 2012 was 7.1%. I'm not promising numbers like that. I'm just telling you that when a market is in a recovery, it can perform like that. And our expectation is there will be a very fulsome recovery in New York City and in San Francisco over the next few years. So we agree with you.
Robert Garechana: Yes. No problem, Haendel, it's Bob. So from a bad debt perspective, not a lot has changed. And you kind of saw that in the reported numbers from -- sequentially from Q4 to Q1. They're relatively flat. And that's what we assumed in our guidance is that they kind of stay the same. We do not assume any kind of material level of improvement. That's, obviously, a potential green shoot. We are very active in the process of working with our residents as it relates to some of these federal rental assistance programs. And that's particularly concentrated, as you kind of alluded to in Southern California, where we have experienced the most elevated amount of bad debt. And so that's a possibility, but is not incorporated into the numbers themselves. So for now, our best guess is just assuming that things stay the same throughout 2021.
Robert Garechana: There's certainly no -- there's nothing that depresses the high end of the range, et cetera. So there's nothing in that regards from a guidance perspective. The only thing I would tell you from the ranges and the shifting of the ranges that you have to keep in perspective is where we started from. And that range, that initial NFFO range that we gave at the beginning of the year was very wide, right? So with a $0.20 difference. So it was probably abnormally wide relative to typical years in other time frames. But I wouldn't read anything into we shifted up the guidance range on revenue, on NOI and then we paired off the bottom end of the NFFO range, but I won't read anything of not raising the top end, if I'm answering your question.
Robert Garechana: Yes. So thanks, Nick, for the question. So our concessions, our assumption and guidance from -- and I'm going to talk from a cash basis, and then I'll talk -- mention a little bit the amortization. But is that we continue to see the good momentum that Michael has kind of outlined, and we continue to see the reductions that we mentioned, for instance, between like March and April. So we continue to think on a cash basis that they will decline. Because of the GAAP treatment and the straight-line amortization, in fact, we think that the cash numbers are going to flip soon such that the cash numbers are better than the GAAP numbers, meaning you're amortizing more concessions than you're actually granting on new ones. So you saw in the first quarter, the GAAP number was better than the reported cash number. I think that's going to flip, and that's what's encompassed in our guidance, if that makes sense. But it's a continued decline as we work through the recovery, and we're already seeing that well on the way, as Michael outlined.
