David Neithercut: Thanks, Marty. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for today's call. We were pleased to continue to experience very deep and resilient demand for premier living across our markets. And as David Santee will explain in more detail in just a moment, most of our markets should meet or exceed our original expectation for revenue growth this year. It was driven by very strong occupancy, retention and renewal rates, despite elevated levels of new supply which continue to pressure lease rates in some markets. Across our portfolio, we see the benefits to our business of a growing economy, producing jobs, loans, unemployment, and rising incomes which continue to drive strong and steady demand for rental housing in our core markets. We also see the benefits of the remarkable customer service provided to our residents and prospects by our teams across the country. Their hard work and dedication really do drive our business and they inspire all of us each and every day. So now I'll let Dave Santee go into more detail about how our markets are performing during the extremely important leasing season, and then Mark Parrell will give some color on operating expenses and our guidance for this year. David.
David Neithercut: All right. Thanks, Mark. Really quickly, before we open the call to questions, just a bit on capital allocation. As we noted in the press release last night transaction activity was modest in the second quarter when we acquired one asset and disposed off two. The property acquired was a 136-unit asset built in 2016, located in West Seattle, acquired for $57 million with 418,000 of unit at a cap rate of 5%. During the quarter, we disposed off a 312-unit property, a secondary submarket of Cambridge, Massachusetts for $168 million or $535,000 a door at a disposition yield of 4.5%. And a 288-unit property located in Franklin, Massachusetts for $51 million or $177,000 a door at a disposition yield of 6.7%. Now year-to-date, the $267 million of dispositions have the weighted average disposition yield of 5.3%. This compares favorably to the recent acquisition at a 5% cap rate. We've also got several other deals we're currently underwriting, which we believe could be acquired at cap rates ranging from the mid-fours to low fives. As a result, while we've maintained the guidance of $500 million of acquisition activity, a $500 million of disposition activity for the year, we've narrowed that - the spread of that activity from 75 basis points to 50 for the year. So right, operator, we'd be happy to open the call for questions at this time.
David Neithercut: David Neithercut here, Nick. Generally the ballpark, that property was impacted significantly by the - this downturn or step back at San Francisco we experienced a year ago. We started lease up of that property in April of last year and you know that it was just around that time in the spring time that San Francisco began to weaken. So that number - essentially sort of met our expectations. I can tell you that in 2015 or early 2016 we had thought we'd do significantly better but it generally met our original expectations, which frankly if you think about it were Type-1 construction, in such a phenomenal location that those are lower expected going in years.
David Neithercut: On - and it's David Neithercut here. There's certainly supply coming this year and we expect supply next year. Nick, in some markets we expect supply to diminish next year, in other markets we expect there - it will be so modestly more. But fortunately and as we've already discussed, demand remains strong, occupancy is strong and retention very strong. So, so far the market has demonstrated enough depth to absorb that supply. And while it's too early to call 2019 in many markets, our expectation is that we will see a decrease in supply beginning in 2019.
David Neithercut: In - Steve, in New York City I believe with a competitive product which is all high-rise kind of product. We've got a 40-or-so-month sort of building cycle in that marketplace. So anything later than 2018 we've sort of known in there. Anything that's a surprise in '18 only slips from '17 or a surprise in '17 yes, will be moved up from '18. And it's going to be very soon before anything that's going to be delivered in 2019 got to be underway. And so we've got a pretty good handle we think in New York City as to what the supply is this year and next year, and we expect a - based upon what our guys in the field are monitoring, a meaningful decline in new deliveries in 2019.
David Neithercut: Yes. We've got a couple of projects that could begin yet this year, which are frankly quite small. We've got a deal in Seattle that we expect, that we've already given approval to the guys to build, which is just $62 million. We've got a small deal of less than $50 million on a - sort of a site adjacent to an existing property that we got in the Archstone transaction which could begin yet this year. So that's just a $100 million or so. Beyond that we've got some sites that we currently have in LA and in the Bay Area and in Boston that we could do something on but we're not going to pursue those very aggressively at the current time. I mean the teams continue to work on them, but I - we'll just sort of see how things play out. We're not - we're looking - I mean we continue to underwrite new land sights, the guys continue to look at what's out there but there's nothing that we find attractive, given where costs are today and the pressure on land costs, the pressure on construction cost and where yields are today. And I guess I'd tell you that the product that Alan George and his team are looking to acquire today, products built in 2016 or 2017, we believe there's opportunity to buy some of that product at current replacement cost or maybe even a modest discount there too. So in present time we just don't look at that development as particularly compelling, yes, then we do have some things in the pipeline as I said that we could start this year, some other product that we'll continue to keep the close eye on but should not expect to see us be taking down new land sights in the near future.
David Neithercut: Well, transaction volume is down meaningfully from a year Conor. But as we talked a lot about with various investors that we met in New York, in June, those transactions which are taking place continue to take place sort of at cap rates and valuations that I think remain very solid and within - generally within the same valuation range as of a year or so ago. So transaction volume is down but valuations and cap rates are pretty much where they've been. Now I can tell you that the brokerage community will constantly tell us that we're working on a lot of opinions or value and that they know a lot of owners that are interested in selling product, and we expect to see product but at the present time it's down considerably from a year ago.
David Neithercut: Well I - based upon things that I've read, I think a lot of it just has to do with actually filling jobs of - in positions that actually can approve procurement contracts. So I think last call there was probably almost 400 vacant positions across all departments and many of these positions were folks that approved procurement contracts. So certainly, it appears that the market has rebounded, although it's not going to see the rate growth that we had hoped. But the rate growth has improved, occupancy has improved, demand has improved. But yet there are still potential obstacles ahead and procurement is going to drive the strength of DC.
David Neithercut: It's a very small percentage. Typically, we're talking about more student-oriented properties and then where we have most students or in the case of international students, we actually refer these folks to a third party that they can purchase guarantee insurance that insures us for the full balance of the lease should they default.
David Neithercut: Yes. We do exclude guarantors certain - we actually exclude income below a certain level I think - and above a certain level. So we kind of chop off the extremes so that we get at a more well-rounded number. The revenue - the rent-to-income ratios really remained unchanged. I think what is more interesting is just how we kind of look at the total income of our residents that moved in last July versus the total income of the residents that moved in - up to this year data…
David Neithercut: Yes, we run into a tougher comp in the back half of the year versus last year, but - I mean we just don't see any change in demand in Seattle. I mean we project some softness that really just has never materialized, and we've kind of taken that approach over the last four years in some of these submarkets, especially when there is a community that's going up down the street or across the street and we expect to have to see some softness, and frankly, we've just never seen it. And our barometer is the open positions at Amazon, and I think, last quarter they were 10,000 and I think last week, they were 8,500. And then with the continued growth in cloud computing, I think Seattle has created - it's created a niche as the backbone and the plumbing of all things that are generated out of in Dallas. So Seattle remains very strong.
David Neithercut: Well, I think it's really - it all starts at the top, right? And I think we've talked about our efforts on the last call. All of our senior team, myself, Michael Manelis, people from other departments visited each and every market, jade outside of our expectations, we continued to try and experience - tried new approaches with resident experiences. We have a very deliberate and active kind of activity program that we're piloting in New York City. Our - we're focusing as well on our employees, giving them the training that they need. Certainly, we are watching compensation. Mark talked about our wage pressure in our industry. But I'm also pleased to report that turnover through the first quarter of all onsite employees was down a 120 basis points versus same time last year. So I think everything that we're doing is providing a very significant return on investment in our time. I also like to say that Tom Lebling, who is our Senior VP of Property Management, is very instrumental in making sure that all of our folks are all on the same page and that our messages are very clear and we're all going in the same direction.
David Neithercut: We continue to work with Airbnb on a handful of properties that have a - that we've earned only because of our working with them. We've got a high share, a large share of the activity to work with them till we get some transparency and understanding and control as to a lot of activity that's taking place on our properties. So far we think that that's working fairly well and is a better approach than what others are - have decided to tackle themselves.
David Neithercut: Because of what we're doing with them we do know what's taking place on our property. And the only way one does know is by working with them. And so we have absolute understanding about what's taking place on our properties and have control of being able to turn people on and turn people off and limit the amount of activity that's taking place on any given property at any given time. So because of what we're doing with Airbnb, we do have knowledge and then will have control of it, that those who do not work with Airbnb won't have.
David Neithercut: So as a general statement we are not utilizing concessions at any stabilized properties across the entire San Francisco MSA. I would tell you that demand at Henry Adams has been very strong. We - depending upon our lease-up pace, we have kept concessions in place but at the same time raised the suite rate. In some situations we have removed concessions. So it's, - leasing up a building a very dynamic process and you want to - we don't set it and forget it, and we're always trying to optimize revenue by pulling the levers that are appropriate given the pace of lease up. So we are seeing very good results at Henry Adams, and while we see very few concessions in the submarkets that we're in, we are not utilizing concessions.
David Neithercut: Yeah, I'm not really sure how to answer your question. Our new lease rates with the exception of Washington DC are trending equal to or slightly better than we'd expected.
David Neithercut: Yeah. So we has been very aware of the potential for that and we have been asking as many questions responsible but based on the level of new deliveries and that our in the financial district and - which tend to be a little more student reliant given our occupancy, given our exposure as we come out of the student churn it think it's safe to say that we haven't seen any impact at all from that.
David Santee: This is David, Nick, David Santee. When we look at our deliveries there's only a couple of markets that have really had any significant delays, specifically New York, but that's only 700 units that kind of got shifted from the first half to the back half. And then the only other market of any significance would be DC, again only 700 units that moved from the front half year to the back half. So I would say that most of this performance is driven by continued strong demand.
David Santee: We update our supply or our expected deliveries every quarter. Obviously, we wouldn't expect any cancellations in 2017. These deals are pretty much ready to open the doors. Certainly, the concentrations in New York are specifically Brooklyn and Long Island City. That's where - we have nothing in Long Island City, but we are monitoring any potential impact that Long Island City could have on surrounding submarkets. New supply in Brooklyn is more north than in east of us in Downtown, but nevertheless we are feeling some of the pricing pressure and Brooklyn would be our lowest performing submarket in the metro area.
David Santee: Yes, it's David. So I mean - we've looked at close to 30,000 new leases for the 12 months ending July '16 and the 12 months ending July '17 of the same store set. So it was just those leases that had been entered into in that trailing 12 months. And the average incomes are up 4% year-over-year and the median income up almost 6% year-over-year, and in both instances, the average rent-to-income or median rent-to-income is down in seven of eight markets. So we continue to see very strong incomes and very acceptable and perhaps even low rent-to-income levels. And even Seattle, which has experienced some of the biggest expense growth, continues to have the lowest along with Manhattan the lowest average rent-to-income and median rent-to-income.
David Santee: We had more supply in the RBC corridor in Q2. We have a large percentage of our portfolio there. But I would say just in general the entire region seemed to have hit pause button. There's numerous - even for [indiscernible] there's numerous publications that you can read, but I think of it just this dark cloud over the entire region, partly fueled by a short fall off in procurement spending.
David Santee: Well I guess I would say that certainly last year the CBD, especially our same store CBD which were all the assets spread in great locations went head-to-head with all of this new supply and the concentration in Downtown. But let me - so year-to-date, Downtown is performing all on par with our full-year expectations. So I said our revised number was I think 1.8 and today San Francisco is currently doing positive, Downtown is doing positive that 1.9.
David Santee: Across the entire portfolio, simply it's 30,000 units in the first half and 35,000 in the back half across the entire portfolio. Not a whole a lot of that.
David Santee: Well '18 numbers on a portfolio basis currently are pretty on par with our '17 deliveries. So you really have to kind of get down to the market level. So New York in 2018, we would expect more deliveries. Let's see, Boston we would expect fewer deliveries; San Francisco, significantly fewer deliveries in '18; Seattle, slightly fewer. The big pop would be LA in 2018 when contained almost 14,000 units, but that's - that hasn't been a secret. Orange County, kind of same, 5000 this year, 5000 next year; and then San Diego, call it 3000 units next year versus 2500 this year.
David Santee: Yeah. Well the new lease rates obviously were much better in Q1 than Q2. From April to June, the curve generally moves up and it moved up just as it has in previous years. So really no change to what we see from previous years. Its following the same curve just at a lower level.
David Santee: I guess I would say we used to have a corporate housing company - equity corporate housing many years ago that focused on corporate leases. We're not really looking to get - add additional volatility to our operations. In fact, we've kind of gone the other way. When you stick with LRO and our yield management systems, I mean typically, these systems price shorter term units in many cases probably a 100% higher than a 12-month lease rate. So if somebody wants to pay double the rent, we'd certainly entertain that but it's not a segment of the business that we're actively pursuing.
David Santee: Yes. So I mean I think the key point to remember is that this 2017 in many markets is peak supply, peak deliveries. For the most part the expected deliveries that got pushed from the back half - the front half to the back half is really its miniscule, and we don't see it having any material impact on how we operate and our expected results. So it's just a matter of - as an example in New York as new supply continues to open the doors does pricing continue to remain disciplined or does there - is there a more dislocation that could occur in the market. So in DC you still have continued supply expectations for full year job growth of economic performance across the MSA is dependent upon the - Congress passing the budget. So I think there's many potential speed bumps that could have an impact on performance to varying degrees in some of these markets. But we see - but going back to demand, demand continues to remain strong regardless of these other potential speed bumps that I mentioned, and so at the end of the day it would be how the markets react to any changes in the leasing environment.
David Santee: Well, first to address the H1B visa, I think when you look at what actually occurred. I think that's a net benefit to our portfolio. I mean the only thing that the administration changed regarding H1B visas is making sure that they are used as they were intended to be used, which is for highly skilled, highly compensated labor versus many of the shops that were bringing over outsourcing employees that - these outsourced employees were coming into IT shops and they - having to train these outsourced people. So I think I mean there is no decline in the number of H1B visas and so really the only significant change was the elimination of the express approval in the H1B visa process. So net, net, net I think the focus on the H1B visa is a strong positive for our portfolio. As far as immigration, certainly it is very challenging. From a construction perspective, there are definite shortages in construction which is driving up labor cost. We feel that in our day-to-day apartment turnover, repairs and maintenance, rehabs, it is definitely being felt. And hopefully it will be addressed going forward.
David Santee: Well the stock will continue to trade at a discount NAV is that gap is narrowed over the past 90 days or so and we'd said even when it was trading it at a larger discount and we didn't think it was at a level that made stock buybacks make up a great deal of sense for us. As we experienced in the sale of portfolio to Starwood last year and as we've talked a lot about joint venturing assets or selling assets we got up a significant amount of gain built into these assets that we acquire a significant pay out should we go down in that path that does not provide a significant amount of free cash flow after the fact to make any meaningful impact on the stock price in stock buyback. As it relates to free cash flow, I think we've mentioned on these calls in the past that after having our free cash flow for above $275 million or so million dollars a year, after having that targeted to a very profitable development business over the past five or so years, that having brought those stock down beginning 2015 and in 2016 and in this year that might by 2018, to your point we will have meaningful amount of free cash flow that will not be targeted for that development business anymore and will be available to do a handful of things. And we've sat with our board in June, continue to have a conversation with them and let them know of those various options that we might have with respect to use of that cash. We could pay down debt, that we could buy stock back, we could increase the regular ended dividend, we could buy assets, we could start developments and we do have a lot of flexibility option with respect to that particularly in light of the recent balance sheet - the perfect sort of - as Mark Parrell mentioned. So we got a lot of flexibility there and we have socialized that notion with our board and we will continue to discuss with them that optionality as we go forward.
David Santee: Yes, just the fact that these prices were fixed, the development that we are now delivering and those prices with contracts where they are left a long time ago. Now I can tell you and I mentioned earlier we have recently approved. If they start a construction of the project in Seattle and we see those construction costs go up meaningfully but we will knock that down at the present time. So and certainly you have got a lot about the fires in Canada and the impact on lumber. There was just a lot of pressure on costs lot of pressure on - lot on pressure on construction costs as David mentioned pressure on - which makes up a pretty big share of total costs which all the leases why among many that we had serve taken their foot of the gas on the development side of our business beginning in 2016.
David Santee: We are certainly increased from when we started those projects. We just noted that we stabilized our deal - and San Francisco ad up 4.57 or so number we are in some discussion earlier about how that played out relative to original expectations but that deal would trade all day along with the - end so certainly made money there, we certainly made money on all of the developments. But we have seen those views on new developments begin to compress considerably and personal position where we questioned at least a move of continuing development going forward. But certainly in Seattle we have done very well, revenues has grown significantly - down are significantly so the yields that we are executing there that exceed our expectation in the San Francisco at or have modestly exceeded our expectations but cap rates has played low and the value creation has been very impressive in all those transactions.
David Santee: Well we don't know what will come out of it and I am not sure the President knows what's going to come out of the proposal. Certainly there has been a lot of discussion about 10/31 and we have been one of probably the biggest user of 10/31 during the past 10 years there is anyone, in fact our transaction with Starwood, which was a $2.5 billion 10/31 in our part so much of the benefit of the 10/31's that we've already used and could certainly go forward quite comfortably even if there was a change there. I would suggest though that if something did happen to 10/31 that the relative value in unit could become significant more valuable in the more of the real estate. It's a security that I think has not been utilized to the extent that we would have hoped in the past but I think - if 10/31 is to go away I think it would be very beneficial to reach that able to issue both the units in an acquisition situation.
David Santee: Well, thanks everybody for your time today, I hope you will have a wonderful summer and we will forward to see many of you come in September. Thank you so much.
Mark Parrell: Okay. So I'm going to give you the likely full year revenue growth expectations. Boston remains at 1.5. New York remains - improved to minus 30 basis points. Washington DC, 1.4; Seattle, 5.75; San Francisco, 1.8; Southern California, I'll give it to you by major market, LA is - remained steady at 36; Orange County, 4.5; and San Diego 4.25.
Mark Parrell: Hey Conor, it's Mark Parrell. No, it's pretty well spread out throughout the portfolio. We continue to see cash returns on at - in the 12%, 13% or so range. We are doing a little more this year than we have in past years. So this year it's more like 8 % of revenue and typically it's been more like a 7%. And we mentioned, I think a couple of quarters ago, we're going to have to sort of accelerate some things in terms of customer facing improvements like clubhouses and the like, and expect that to kind of go back down next year. So just in terms of geography, it's pretty well spread out throughout the portfolio.
Mark Parrell: It's Mark Parrell. No, I mean I think 3.6 right at the middle is kind of how we feel right now. We don't really have a bias either way and relatively small amounts of money on a $600 million same store expense budget can move us a tenth. So I think a lot of our rate's kind a little down the middle at this juncture. You've got a question, Juan? Operator can we…
Mark Parrell: Yes. So maybe can just assemble that to revenue and expense. I think if your point is our current guidance will of course imply lower same store quarter-over-quarter revenue some number around 1.8% in each of the next two quarters. If things go as David Santee implied they may in the back half of this year and we continue to stay very well occupied and we have good renewals then that revenue number would be much closer to the very top end of our range and we won't see that deceleration, so that that NOI number will be higher. On expenses, we just spoke to that, I mean we do have different, very different comp periods. We had a tough comp period the first half of this year, we'll have in each year once in the back half of this year but we still think 3.6 is a pretty good number. So I guess I'd sort of look at it that way that the two pieces sort of aren't moving in sync necessarily and on the revenue side we may pick something up here as things continue to go pretty well for us.
Mark Parrell: Thanks for that question. Its Mark Parrell. I'm going to start and we're going to kind of hand it off between us because that's a big question with different aspects. But just mathematically that implication is more like a 1.7 or 1.8 for the back half of this year. And if things go as we sort of hope and as David Santee implied in his remarks, prepared remarks, we wouldn't see any deceleration, and the third and fourth quarter as quarter-over-quarter numbers will be the same number more or less, maybe slightly higher than the number we just reported of 2.1 for the second quarter of '17 over the second quarter of '16. So and now David if you want to comment a little bit on just the supply…
Mark Parrell: That's an interesting two-part question. As it relates to providing capital financing or loans for projects that might not otherwise get built, we're not in the business to providing said capital. Would we be interested in providing some capital or something or some project that we might be interested in only upon completion and have some sort of option to buy, we'd certainly consider that, but have not seen much of that opportunity today.
Mark Parrell: Yeah, it's Mark Parrell. So we feel like we're sort of on track for our guidance number for the year which is $2600 unit number. So we typically do more CapEx in the third quarter but it takes a while to get all these things going. So no, we don't feel like we're off track on that, I think at all. And in terms of boosting revenue, all I could tell you is we took a look at the 30 to 40 projects that we have underway on the rehab side and took the rent results from those smart properties isolated and we compare them with the rest of the same store set, and it really just again because of where the projects are located and what the momentum of those deals are, meaning, how many units have already been improved and how many haven't. It made no difference to our reported number year-to-date.
