Mark Parrell: Nick, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. We're not giving '22 guidance, but as you said we did try to lay out how we're thinking about things what the building blocks are, what the team is trying to figure out as we look towards '22. When we made the comment both in the release and in my prepared remarks that it's setting up to be the best year in the company's history. For same-store revenue growth, I do want to give a little context. So a normal and I'll say a normal meaning the last couple of recessions for us have consisted of 2 years or so of negative same-store revenue growth, and we've certainly had that this time. A year or so where same-store revenue growth was right around zero slightly positive, slightly negative, kind of a transition year. And in a couple of years where we compounded 5%, mid-5% same-store revenue growth numbers for high-4s, those kinds of things. Given the earn-in given this loss to lease that we see, we think we're going to skip that transition year and that's a comment I made on the last call as well. We're going to skip right over that zero and head right into a year that's likely to be a fair bit higher than the 5.5% or so number you would think of as a normal second year recovery. The recovery is V-shaped, just like the decline was V-shaped. And so I think what you see here is the confidence the team has given the demand and the occupancy numbers. That's subject to some regulatory flak here and there. We're going to regain a great deal of that loss to lease, but certainly not all of it. And I think a bit of it is going to end up in 2023. And there's just customer relations issues. There's regulatory issues with some of these increases in the size of them. And Michael has done a great job with the team of retaining our residents giving them great service. So hopefully that helps. In terms of locked in, I can't give you a locked-in number. The team is going to need to work the whole year to do that. But it feels like that 5.5% is a bit of a floor in terms of next year's same-store revenue number.
Mark Parrell: Great question. It's Mark again. In terms of the compounding the compounding is going to start with the operations with the NOI from the same-store portfolio. Look at '22 when we've given you some color. And certainly it's hard to look much further in our business. But we do look at '23 and see less supply. There were a lot of deals that were delayed the starts due to the pandemic. And while supply is likely to pick up in '24 our look at proximity of supply and other things makes us feel like we got at least a couple of years here, pretty good numbers coming at us on the same-store NOI. And that will always be the big engine at EQR. Development to us is just a great complement to our efforts to acquire assets especially in these newer markets, these suburban markets. And we feel like right now, our shareholders are getting paid to take that risk with our ability to underwrite development yields at around 5 on current rents. And all of these acquisitions we're looking at being in the mid-3s. We're trying to be very thoughtful. This is an inflationary climate, and construction costs are far from immune to that. But I think you're going to see growth both from the same-store portfolio and from actual net growth of the company through development that we're likely to fund with a combination of incremental debt, net cash flow, which we'll have more of starting next year and occasional asset sale and a little bit of equity like we did this quarter.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Rich, it's Mark. I'm going to start. And then I'm going to give it over to Alec. So in terms of how big it can get it will take a little while to ramp up. Our expectation is this could get to $1 billion to $1.2 billion a year of starts in a year or so and maybe $700 million of that is Toll and the rest of it is other JVs and the stuff that we create internally. I think that, that will be funded in a way that will make that a pretty accretive thing. But most importantly for us, it's creating and giving us product again in markets and submarkets we just don't have enough exposure. So I think Alec can speak a little bit to things the internal team is doing because they're very active. They're doing a lot of good stuff. We got some great densification deals we haven't talked a lot about. So I'm going to let him speak to that. And hopefully, that gives you the color you need.
Mark Parrell: I guess, 17 years of experience doing this job and the CFO job. I mean a lot - this is a pretty variable world. A lot's going on. Certainly, the actions of the Fed on the taper are super relevant to how the economy recovers. So I would say there's just enough variability here. We told you sort of what we know, Jeff, which is this sort of earn-in, this loss to lease. We gave you I think some pretty specific parameters on where things like bad debt might be able to go. And then the big mysteries really are regulatory pressures, how the intra-period growth feels next year. And then where we end this year? I mean we're going to spend the next 2 months continuing hopefully to close some of that loss to lease by writing terrific new leases with happy customers and locking in revenues for next year. So there's just enough variables where any guidance I'd give you would be too wide to be meaningful on same-store revenue. And I think the conversation in February will be much higher quality.
Mark Parrell: All right. It's Mark. Thanks for that, Jeff. So what we see is a pretty significant decline in '23 a lot - and this is again in deliveries, just to be clear. And that's really as a result of delays in starts or delays in completions of product that was underway during the pandemic. And so we're going to get a break - more of a break in New York, for example, but even that is a little bit by area. There'll be a fair bit delivered in Brooklyn. There'll be a fair bit delivered in the Jersey Coast, but in Manhattan, almost nothing. D.C. will kind of continue doing what D.C. does and deliver a lot. But we're going to feel a lot better about places like San Francisco and Los Angeles and Seattle. So we feel like we're walking into a pretty good setup. When you start thinking about what might deliver in '24, and those are things that are starting now, there is a lot of development activity. The space is in great demand. The investment community hasn't not seen the strong recovery and the stability of the sector. And so we think there'll be a good amount of demand - or excuse me a good amount of supply, but probably more spread out. The market that's most on the watch list of our new markets for supply is certainly Austin. Austin has a lot. We're being very thoughtful about adding exposure there. You may see us slow that down and add it a little bit later. There's just going to be 30,000 units for some number of years there. Atlanta feels pretty good to us on supply. Dallas has supply, but it's spread out and it's a big demand market. So I guess that's the color we'd give you. Denver has a lot of supply too more downtown than otherwise. But again, we have a portfolio we're building that in Denver will be a pretty diversified portfolio when we're done.
Mark Parrell: So Rich, it's Mark. I'm going to start and maybe others will contribute. So the rushing back to the office thing. I'd point out, a lot of people are coming back because the city is reopened. They're not sure when they're employers coming back to full time. But they want to be back because they love the lifestyle in West L.A. and they love living in Downtown Seattle. And they want to go back to their favorite coffee shops. And you and I have had this discussion before. I think it's a little bit about return to office, but it's also about just energized cities attracting our kind of residents. In terms of the shape of the curve, I don't think you're wrong about that. I think the numbers early have to be extraordinary because the comp period is so poor in '21 that that's exactly what will probably occur. But what else will be going in the other direction is the normalized FFO by quarter number. Because as Michael's team writes better and better leases, as Bob does this accounting work and roll those numbers up, you're likely to see the earnings power of the firm in the middle part of the year revert back to what it was in 2019. So again, the quarter-over-quarter numbers are going to be exceptional early and they're going to be merely very strong late in the year. But I think what you're going to see besides those operating statistics, Rich, is that quarterly normalized FFO number get better I think, every quarter of next year.
Mark Parrell: Alex, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. So we thought it was prudent to dust off the old ATM as you put it and put it to some use here. And it's really about this increase in development spending. So our typical development spending needs the last 3-4 years have been $300 million to $500 million. And here, I'm talking about spending, not start. So of course, they correspond. And we were funding that out of free cash flow and a little incremental debt that didn't change our ratios because you had the new development assets on your books creating income after they were stabilized. Going forward with the idea that we're likely to start $1 billion or $1.2 billion a year after a ramp-up period, you need to be very thoughtful about how you match fund that. And when you look at 2023 we have a pretty significant amount of debt maturities in that year as well. And that's probably the first year we're going to reach this run rate of starts. And so it seemed prudent to us after consulting with the Board to take a little equity into the mix. I think you're right that it will predominantly be funded with free cash flow. And we expect to have that again next year. And hopefully in some good abundance, incremental debt, occasional asset sales as long as we can stay within our taxable income kind of caps. And then we will. I think we will be issuing a smattering of equity here and there given the size of the development expectations for the company in the next few years.
Mark Parrell: I guess I don't view it as a shift. It's the same group of people, maybe in different chairs, but it's the same conversations. I mean we don't want to dilute our current investors. That's an important priority. But we do think that when you're creating new assets having a little equity foundationally makes sense. We know what the cash needs are to fund the development pipeline. So the conversation with the board was very easy on this point. They felt that if you were $300 million, $400 million, $500 million a year spender of development, that was 1 thing. If you're going to double it that was a whole another thing. And so that was the real thing that changed, Alex, it's just this magnitude of what the management team is suggesting development can be.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. A lot of parts to that question. So I'll try - I'm going to start though with the policy part. That good cause eviction is just rent control by another name. It's bad policy. New York said rent control, you know you live there for - since World War 2 and the housing situation in New York has not improved. This is just going to cause less housing to be built and more disinvestment in existing housing. And there's a lot of better ideas like SP9 in California and 40 B in Massachusetts and some of these zoning reforms in Minneapolis that should have been thought about. So we're disappointed if it indeed is the direction it's going. And we'll work through our association to suggest other better alternatives. But let's assume it does go. It was our intention to lighten the load in New York. I think New York is going to have extraordinary revenue growth next year as a result of just going back to where it was in '19, frankly. And so the idea of putting good cause eviction in where it's going to affect landlords who have been beaten up by the pandemic have property taxes to pay and all the rest seems like particularly bad timing and is going to particularly discourage production. It doesn't make us want to own more in New York City. That's for sure and in New York State. So I guess I'd say it's a negative to investment in the city and in the state. In terms of lower property taxes, I love that idea. They did come with lower taxes than we expected for the most part this year in general. We'll see. I don't know many municipalities that like to keep their property taxes low if they can raise them. So I'm guessing they won't lower them for us enough, Alex to kind of reimburse for what's about to happen if good cause comes through. But again, it's just a bad policy idea, putting aside the impact on EQR and we can respond to it. We'll lighten the load New York, and that's unfortunate. And a lot of other people will do the same thing and there'll be less capital for housing in New York.
Mark Parrell: And so it's Mark. Just to clarify that, Rob. You mean that in California because of some of these Prop 13 limits, property taxes can't grow as much going forward. I mean in our - as maybe in Atlanta, they wouldn't be bounded by that. Well, I guess I'd say a couple of things. First, for example, in Texas, there's a whole bunch of property tax limitations that are coming into place on both commercial real estate, residential real estate. Alec and his team underwrite these increases. So if cash flow isn't going up net-net, then those assets aren't going to be appealing to us. So I'm not sure what you said is certain because when you say same-store expenses, maybe property taxes go up more. But I'll tell you, California minimum wage is a lot higher. California, all the other compliance costs that go with owning in California are much higher. So I think if you're talking about holistic same-store expenses, I'm not sure I believe, at least for the first 10 years or so of owning a California asset that there's going to be that much of a difference in same-store expense growth. But Alec, do you have a -
Mark Parrell: It's Mark. I'm going to start and if Bob or Michael have anything they'll add. But I'm on Page 12 of our press release, we give you a bunch of disclosure about residential bad debt and maybe this will bound this up for you. In 2019, our write-offs, so that would be a direct negative against residential revenues were about 40 basis points. That's a good run rate of delinquency in our portfolio rents we never receive and that burden same-store revenue. When you look at what happened last year in '20, where there were no recoveries and the pandemic was 3 quarters of the year and this year, you see on the bottom of 12, we're talking about numbers that are in the 2%, 2.5% range is a headwind. Now the problem we're having is forecasting for you, where between 40 basis points and 2.5% does next year fall. And that depends on how quickly the court's process evictions, our success in continuing to work with our residents, which is always our first goal whether government revenue - government rent relief programs kind of leak, Robert, into next year or mostly are covered this year. So that - hopefully, that gives you a boundary, but that's what we have to be a little general about because there just isn't certainty in our mind and across so many court systems and so many jurisdictions for us to know how all that stuff plays out.
Mark Parrell: Very much so. And you can see what it did to our Q3 number went down to 70 basis points. So we can have a - but yeah, we told you that we continue to collect all but 2.5% or so of our rents. So when we're - that changed a little. It's getting a little better collections are every month from what is still a very good collection level already. But this government money is definitely hard to predict. And then when we can start working with people more directly and getting them into a housing situation that's stable for them long term, I don't know when that is exactly, but we think it's coming up.
Mark Parrell: So the New York Eviction moratorium we understand expires in the middle of January '22, both commercial and residential. California's statewide eviction moratorium has expired, but there are some city of Los Angeles rules out there still. Boston instituted an eviction moratorium that has no set expiration date. They have an election in a week and then after that we'll see. Seattle has an expiry of their commercial and residential eviction moratorium in the middle of January of '22 as well. So you could see I'm giving you a hodgepodge of dates, there's local overlay. There's a lot going on here. So that's why you're getting a range from us and not the precision that we usually try and give you.
Mark Parrell: Thanks, Rob. Well, I think that's the end of the call. We're appreciative for everyone's time and attention on the call today. Have a good day.
Robert Garechana: I mean I'm not going to probably give specifics in terms of a range because we're not providing guidance yet. But maybe a little bit to think about the components that are running through and where they're positioned as we go into 2022 if that helps, John. So you think about the big 4 categories real estate taxes we've had a good amount of success. That's 40% of expenses. We've had a good amount of success so far on appeals. I think we're not seeing a ton of pressure from the municipalities. And I think that could carry over into another pretty good year into 2022. So pretty good year means in my mind kind of sub that 3-ish or 3.5% kind of regular run-rate inclusive of 421as and other things. On the payroll side, we've done an excellent job I think of managing what has been an inflationary kind of pressure over time. We're going on our third year of payroll that is sub 1% in terms of growth. So what Michael is doing sometimes quietly on the side in terms of managing innovation and doing new implementation is really offsetting what I think is something that every company is experiencing, which is payroll pressure. And we've been really good at it thus far. And I don't think there's anything that's likely to change in a significant way. It means that we feel the pressure. We're just doing things in a different way and innovating in a way to really offset that pressure. The last 2 categories, which are R&M and utilities I think, are the ones that we're most focused on outside of like the payroll side. A big chunk of them can be passed back to the residents, but we're certainly all seeing commodity pressures. You saw what that gap has done kind of recently. And that's the one that I think is where you see higher single digits. But put it all into the blender, I don't think that 2022 is that outsized relative to what we've seen historically in this business over time.
Robert Garechana: Hey, Rich, it's Bob. That's probably a little bit on the high end of the range. But yeah, I think you're in the ballpark. So we think, as Michael said, for the full year, we'll be at $25 million to $30 million. And we're already at $18 million so far through 9/30.
Robert Garechana: So I think that it probably will benefit from some of the rental assistance and '22 will likely be kind of a transition year. But it also is going to experience this elevated write-off too. Because you still have that is unlike like '19, similar to what we've seen in '21 and '20, right? There's 2 things that will drive bad debt. One is the rental assistance payments; and two is just the ability to start collecting on the units that haven't been collected. And that's a small number for us. It's been a small number given the high-quality renter base that we have. But those are the 2 driving factors that I think are going to make 2022 as kind of bad debt number between what you would have seen in '19 and what we saw in maybe 2021.
Robert Garechana: I think that we'll have a better idea as we get to kind of providing guidance in general. But just to be clear, I don't think it's a headwind. I think it's a benefit to revenue. I think we kind of alluded to that. I think we should be in a better position in '22 than we were in '21.
Robert Garechana: I think it's - it's Bob, Brad. I think it starts with just getting to the point where these residents that haven't been able to pay start making different housing choices or are in a position to start paying. And so that can come in a few forms. It can come in the form of some of the eviction restrictions being lifted. It can come in the form of residents now being employed again because the economy is in a much better spot and they can start paying again. But there's a process that we're all going to have to go through of kind of unwinding this or moving back to kind of a market level, and that's going to take a little bit of time. That's unlikely to be a light switch like activity, especially as we work with residents' kind of figuring that out. And so as a result, I think '22 is going to be that transition year I alluded to. That's probably the biggest thing. And then to add a little bit - to the financial statements, to add a little bit more noise associated with it or make the forecasting harder as I like to say around here. You're going to have the trickle down of the government rental assistance payments because those programs eventually will come to an end as well. So it's really the unwind part of that, that's likely to occur in 2022.
Michael Manelis: Sure. So this is Michael. And I'll tell you that for November, our net effective quotes were coming in or going out at 12.8%. And the December quotes are 13.2% on a net effective basis. And you could see that number is going to continue to grow, and it's going to widen because concession use was really ramping up this time last year. So you're coming up against more and more of those residents that had concessions. About 25% of all the offers that went out for November and December went to residents that had concessions. And I think, as I said in my prepared remarks so far the deal-seeking residents that we took in last year, they've been renewing at the same pace as compared to those that didn't have concessions. So we're really excited about kind of working our way through the renewal performance for the balance of the year.
Michael Manelis: Chandni, this is Michael. Let me just start. I'll give a little bit of kind of the takeaway from 2021, a little bit about what we're seeing from an operations impact in '22. And then I'll let anybody else kind of pick up on some of the newer markets that we just entered. So I think I would start by saying that the tagline for 2021 on supply would be that strong demand greatly aided the absorption of new supply in our markets. D.C. produced record levels of Class A absorption and the South Bay, which we talked about on previous calls in San Francisco. That submarket at 4,000 new units being delivered. It continues on its path of recovery with strong occupancy and very limited concessions like in the stabilized portfolio. And I think we've talked about this before that we are really focused when we think about supply, and the concentration of the supply and the proximity of that new supply relative to our stable assets on top of when are the first units going to actually begin leasing. So for 2021, the overall supply numbers were elevated in our markets. But we said earlier on the call that the overall level of competitiveness against our portfolio was expected to be less. When we look forward, the data for the expected starts in 2022. So relative to this proximity of within 1 and 2 miles of our locations is less, which is a great indicator that we should continue to feel less pressure in the next year or so from the new supply being delivered right on top of us.
Michael Manelis: Hey Brad, this is Michael. So I think you have a little bit of everything going on. I think right now, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're pretty well positioned in San Francisco. There is demand coming back to our product. It's just the pricing power wasn't quite where it needed to be to kind of recapture everything that was lost through the pandemic. So I think right now, when you look at the portfolio and you look at how it's positioned. As there's some, I guess, additional clarity around what return to office looks like, the tech companies have been all over the place in that market. So just a little bit more clarity, probably bring some incremental demand. And that most likely will happen after we get into the New Year. And the portfolio that we own right now is very well positioned to capture that demand and recapture some of that rate. When you look at it from a submarket basis, I said a little bit on the deliveries in the South Bay. We thought we were going to have pressure in the South Bay because of the new supply being delivered. We're really holding up really well there. Now the rate hasn't fully recovered, but the rate recovery in the South Bay is better than the rate recovery in Downtown San Francisco. So I think we need a few more months to just see how some of this ambiguity kind of flushes out, and then we'll have a better feel as to what that means for next year.
Michael Manelis: Hi, Amanda. This is Michael. So maybe rather than going by every market, I'll just start by saying that the majority of our markets, so Boston, D.C., Seattle, Southern California and Denver, all fall within a range of a net effective loss to lease between 11% and 15% with about 80% plus of the residents in those markets being below market prices. Not surprising, San Francisco has the lowest with a 5.7% net effective loss to lease with 67% of residents paying below current market prices and New York is the highest with 21% loss to lease with 93% of the residents paying below the current market. And as I stated in my prepared remarks the loss to lease is a snapshot of today. And it never has translated into full year revenue growth because you have to work your way through those expirations. And I guess I'll just stop and just say that all of that being said, this is the best position the portfolio has ever been in for the ability to capture it. But I think you need several months into next year to really understand how you're going to translate that into revenue growth and how much of that is going to roll into 2023. And in regards to kind of thinking about the restrictions or the governors. I guess I would say it's really hard to understand because it's so subject to who is actually going to renew, who's going to move out and what your abilities are and what the caps are in place. And there really are so many different programs out there. So it's really difficult to try to quantify that for you.
Michael Manelis: This is Michael. So I would tell you, our expectations are the continued success that we've seen in retention will balance out the rest of the year and probably even next year. We're in the mid-60s right now for October even the trends for November are very promising. The increases are getting more significant. We're having more conversations around negotiations, but just feel really positive about the ability to deliver results from that process.
Alexander Brackenridge: Thanks, Mark. Rich, this is Alex. Yeah, so we look at a lot of deals. We are a selective developer. And whether it's through the Toll JV, which has been off to a great start. They have a great pipeline and we're actively engaged with them on each project and assessing whether it fits for us. And then as Mark mentioned, we have these densifications throughout our portfolio, largely in California but in other markets as well. And we have a great internal expertise on how to assess and execute on. So we're excited about that. And then as we've mentioned in the release, we're continually looking at other joint venture opportunities outside of Toll. So we have a broad range of projects that we look at and are very selective on the ones we pick.
Alexander Brackenridge: So it's a range, depending a lot on the project. And this concept of replacement cost is an important metric. It's something we look at but it's not an absolute thing. It's actually a little bit more challenging to calculate than you might think because you don't always find an apples-to-apples and may be a location that's really almost impossible to find similar product to build - some of the location to build the same kind of product. Parking is another variable. Surface parked, you may have an existing project that has surface parked, but the municipality won't allow you to do that or the project sites too dense. So that maybe you go to a structured parking, which is more expensive where you go underground which is yet more expensive. On top of which there are code changes that can generally make things more expensive and inclusionary housing requirements. So we look at it as a metric we look at, but we assess all of those things on a project-by-project basis and determine whether or not we think it fits based on that and the typical yield parameters that we assess.
Alexander Brackenridge: So we have - and Chandni, this is Alec. We have specific markets that we've designated through the Toll program that we're going to focus on. And for example, Atlanta is a market that we're very focused on with them. Dallas is another one. There are other markets where they don't have a presence or they're not part of the venture. And so those are areas where we'd be more likely to invest on our own or with another joint venture partner.
Alexander Brackenridge: Hey Rich, this is Alec. And I think San Francisco is an example where people aren't back in the office, but they still want to be in the cities. To your first part of your question, I think the hybrid model does work well. Because it enables you to do both, enjoy the city and also be close enough to work to get in when you have to go in. So we're seeing the impact of that. And we are working on making our amenities more suited to that. So we've increased a lot of our co-working space within our amenities. And we haven't said no to retail. We like ground floor retail. We like activated streets. We just would like to have a relatively small amount of it compared to the apartment business that we love.
Alexander Brackenridge: So John, this is Alec. There are in some cases, slightly fewer bidders showing up at the auction. That's kind of the feedback we get from brokers. But I'll tell you, the pricing hasn't gone down. In fact, it's continued to edge up. So there are some participants who have kind of stepped back and said, Well, I'm not going to win anyway. So I'm not going to spend my time underwriting this, but there's still enough, as Mark says, funds flowing in to make it for a very competitive bid to be able to prevail. On our end, what we're trying and are doing is matching up the timing of our dispositions and our acquisitions. So we're effectively making a neutral bet. We're not going out on a limb. So that's protecting us. And in the sort of spirit of full disclosure on this. A lot of our buyers are leveraged buyers of our assets. So if the Fed raises floating rates, but if they stay still relatively low compared to the cap rates, these are good leverage buys. So that's one of the other thing that continues to force capital into our space.
Alexander Brackenridge: Well, the other thing I'd add, Rob, this is Alec is that we're buying properties at on average 2 years old and selling properties that are 30 years old. And that expense load on the older properties tends to accumulate over time. And so that there is a very significant trade-off there.
