Bob Garechana: Thanks, Michael. Rather than go through a detailed review of our guidance assumptions, which are laid out on Page 4 and Page 27 of the release. I thought I'd take a moment to elaborate on our approach to innovation, our continued investment in our platform and how that's playing out in our financial statements in 2022 and going forward. Over the last couple of years, we've had impressive results in our innovation journey, and it's not over. A few highlights that our property management and operations teams have been busy rolling out. We brought mobility to both the service and sales teams to enable and enhance flexibility. We have artificial intelligence handling 80% of our communication with prospects to lower cost and provide 24/7 service. We've deployed roommate matching functionality on our website to drive additional revenue, and we've moved 97% of our tours to self-guided or virtual, all while increasing our gross rent potential by using data and analytics to improve our amenity pricing. These are only some of the examples of how we continue to advance our efforts to maximize efficiencies on site and improve revenue while meeting the ever-evolving expectations of our residents. We have done so successfully through adjusting our processes, deploying new technology like the artificial intelligence I mentioned and through advancing our use of data to inform our business decisions. We have most visibly seen financial benefit from these endeavors and our ability to successfully minimize our on-site expense growth, particularly payroll. In 2021, we reported negative on-site payroll after reporting less than 1% growth in the prior two years, and we're just getting started. Our focus moving into 2022 continues to be building upon the success we've already achieved. That means continuing to improve our digital customer experience, our business processes and to advance our sophistication and data-driven decision-making tools. This is an area in which we have historically been a leader and expect to continue to excel at going forward. Our approach remains focused on efficiency, marries technology and data and should reduce exposure to expense pressures while increasing revenue growth. In order to accomplish this, we're making investments in foundational areas like centralized teams, IT infrastructure and licensing and data analytics, which is driving a good portion of our forecasted overhead growth in 2022. These investments enable our progress in our innovation journey and have significant ROI that should continue to garner margin improvement benefits in 2022 and beyond. I'll now turn it over to the operator for the Q&A session.
Bob Garechana: Hey Nick, it's Bob. We're roughly assuming maybe slightly below half of what we got in 2021. So in 2021, just to remind the group, we received about $34 million. And so we expect the programs to kind of start tailing off as we go. So about half of what we got in 2021.
Bob Garechana: Yes. Hey John, it's Bob. I'll take a stab at this, and I'll piggyback with Michael, if there's anything. I think when you think about the range on the revenue guidance side, and Michael outlined in his script a little bit, most of the growth is coming from rate, right. And there's different flavors that you just outlined in terms of rate. A lot of that rate is kind of, I'll call it, baked in because it's capturing that existing loss to lease, et cetera. The way you get to the low end of the guidance range is that you don't get as much intra-period market rent growth during 2022, right. So if you think about it as we kind of continue on the pricing trend, the low end would imply that we don't get much intra period. The higher end would imply that we get more intra period than what we otherwise anticipated. And the midpoint is slightly above trend, above historical trend intra period growth. And that's how you kind of balance the range. The range is a little wider than what we've historically done because I do think there is a little bit more potential for volatility given what's out there. But those are kind of the low end, the middle and the high.
Bob Garechana: Yes, Rich. Let's talk through this a little bit. So let's talk just straight on a cash basis kind of what we're assuming in the 2020 revenue number. So in 2021, right, you had call it, $27 million, which we disclosed on Page 12 of cash concessions. We're assuming at the midpoint of our guidance that we have significantly less concessions in that, right. So this is all cash to cash, right. And so therefore, we're thinking that we're going to normalize something back to normal. It's not quite the 4Q annualized, but it's something in that general ballpark that we're assuming at the midpoint. So what's happening, I think, is the inverse of what you just talked about. So in 2021, the GAAP number was negatively impacted by concessions. In 2022, it will benefit from concessions, right. So the cash number on a year-over-year growth rate basis should be a little bit lower than the midpoint that we had in our guidance range. And based on the numbers that I just outlined to you, it should be, call it, 60 basis points lower at the midpoint than the 9% that we just gave.
Bob Garechana: It's about 70 basis points lower than the nine at the midpoint. So you've got more like an 8.3 on a cash basis year-over-year than the nine.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So hey, Nick, it's Bob. Let me talk about the kind of two competing factors that go into that number as we think about how we modeled it in 2022. So one of the competing factors is the rental assistance, right. So rental assistance, which I think we talked about a little bit earlier on the call, we'll reduce that number, and we do expect that to trail into 2022 because the programs are not completely done. And we would expect that to be front half, right. And so that will benefit you on the front half basis. The opposite competing factor is just the actual resident behavior in terms of who's paying, who's not paying and how that kind of progresses. We do expect a benefit for that to occur, but that's probably more back half loaded. So what I think you're going to end up having, depending on how this all plays out is something that's pretty constant, maybe a little sub-2% level that will be kind of throughout the years as you go through the quarter. But those are your two factors that are driving kind of the bad debt. We do think on an absolute basis the bad debt will be lower with both those factors in 2022 relative to 2021.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So even more specific. So we have, call it, $30-odd million of bad debt net of rental assistance in 2021. A normal year to Mark's point, would have been something more like 10%. We won't get all the way back to the 10%, but we might get close to halfway there in 2022. So we'll add something that's, call it, $15 million to $20 million of bad debt is what we've included in our guidance.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So let's start with the biggest category because it is – we expect it to continue to be a help as it was in 2021, which is real estate taxes. So real estate taxes, we do expect to grow below trend. And a lot of that has to do with timing as well. So some of the real estate jurisdictions are not on calendar years, so they're on different fiscal years. So we've already got like locked and assessed values that are lower or rates that are lower or just the general health of the jurisdiction is better. So we have a little bit of that continuation kind of flowing through. So we'd expect real estate taxes to be more around a 2% kind of growth rate than maybe in 2019 or historical and real estate taxes were more three to four. So that will drive some of the assistance. The payroll, I think you already hit upon. Utilities and R&M will be probably mixed, will probably be a little above average. I think that depends on a variety of factors on how it flows through on utilities with commodity prices and other areas where we've seen a little bit of relief as of late. A lot of the utility price we're able to pass back to the resident. So it's more of a geography than a kind of net-net impact overall. But it's the combo of good expense controls and initiatives associated with payroll, continuing to manage the R&M piece and then also benefiting from real estate taxes.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So in fairness, and I'll let Michael chime in here. Most of the investments that yielded the results in 2021 related to the AI and other things were actually spent in prior years. There's a little bit of chicken and egg thing. So typically, what you see is investment in the overhead or technology like the AI, which by the way, was relatively inexpensive, I think, sub $1 million. You see that investment happen first as the enabler, and then you begin to see the reduction in the on-site kind of payroll or the change in the staffing. And so then when you move forward to 2022, we're in that position where we're once again in a phase of investment in the technology, and that's a lot of what our above-trend overhead growth that I alluded to in my comments is driven on. It's a lot of tech, it's some centralization of staffing, et cetera. So there's, call it, maybe $4 million or $5 million at least embedded in kind of the prop management growth rate. You're seeing some of that come out again in the 2022 numbers. But a lot of it is the investment into 2023 and 2024, and you've seen in some of our presentation decks, what we think the growth potential of that. When we make these investments that are going between geographies, just so you know, it's a very ROI-focused. Geographies don't matter, bottom line and cash flow do. And so what we look to do is to invest in technology or invest in centralization that gets a positive ROI overall regardless of geography.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So that related to a specific parcel of land and you can notice looking at our balance sheet, we don't have much land at all. But it related to a specific parcel of land in downtown Los Angeles that we no longer anticipate pursuing from a development standpoint. We obviously do a very thorough review of our land bank and all our assets from an impairment standpoint periodically and that change in intent is largely what drove that charge.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So if you think about kind of – and I'll use maybe 2018, 2019 is like typical, right. So typical for this business kind of trend would have been something in the high 2s, low 3s in terms of rent growth and it tends to start – you start a little bit in the first quarter. You build in the second quarter at the beginning of the lease season. You peak in the third quarter and then you typically have a little bit of a sequential rent decline as you get to the fourth quarter. So that would be a typical kind of pricing trend as you looked in other years, right. Now from a revenue standpoint, you're obviously not going to capture all of that because we talked about you don't write all your leases on 1:1. You have – you maybe capture half of it based on the outlook, what I outlined in terms of actual revenue performance in a given year. So that's kind of what I think about in terms of trend. What we've assumed in our 2022 guidance is that we follow that kind of same shape of the curve but that is a little bit above trend, right, that we continue to see that strength and it is a little bit higher than trend. If that is much above trend, right, is something that is approaching more like the mid-single digits or even above, that's going to push your guidance range – your guidance results to the – or your actual results to the high end of the guidance range. If you're below that, call it, three that I was saying trend and you get kind of no growth, that will push you down towards the bottom end of the range.
Alec Brackenridge: Hey Nick, this is Alex Brackenridge. And yes, so we feel like the assets we're buying will have higher IRRs over time. It's a combination of both higher top line rent growth but also less capital demands over time as well. So we feel like we're in a point in time where we have an opportunity to have a really good trade of selling these older properties into newer properties in these markets that are very, very robust.
Alec Brackenridge: Just that it keeps getting bigger. The multifamily is clearly a favorite asset class. And we see people that had gone away coming back. And certainly, in our coastal markets that were quiet or like New York, it's full bore. I mean people that we're investing only in office are now investing in apartment, people that went down south have come back north. So it's a competitive bid both for what we're selling and for what we're buying.
Alec Brackenridge: That's a hard question for me to answer in specific, as on every deal is a little different. Every rent roll, obviously, is different. There's a lot of still to be picked up rent growth in both what we're buying and selling. But you're getting it kind of in a different way and some of the things we're selling, there's still maybe some pandemic recovery. And what we're buying, generally, there wasn't a big pandemic downturn. But there's still – the market has moved so quickly. You still have leases under. So net-net, we feel really good about the short and medium-term growth of these expansion markets, but it's coming from a different source.
Alec Brackenridge: Sure, and this is Alec. So what we're seeing – and we haven't broken ground on anything in our joint venture with Toll, yes. I don't have any Toll-specific information on something that's under construction. But I can say that for the projects that we're working on with other partners, it's a question of timing, right. So things have pushed out by a matter of months but it's not whether or not the project gets done. And that's true of us and many of our competitors as well. So people are getting around the supply chain challenges, either by finding substitute products or warehousing the inventory that they need. So costing a little more, taking a little more time. But on the other hand, rents have been rising. So I'm not sure yields in most cases, have materially changed. The other thing that we would say is we are in a different business, apartment construction versus single-family home construction. I mean that's more of an assembly line at a moment. You just need 1,000 windows, you need them right now. And for us, we have longer cycle times. It's a lot longer period of time to build an apartment building than a single single-family home. So maybe you don't have the windows, but maybe you have all the dry wall you can do or whatever the situation is. You can kind of manage things a little bit better than I think you probably can if you just can't deliver the house at all because you just don't have a key component. Well in apartments, you can go to a different stage in the process, at least sometimes and knock that out.
Alec Brackenridge: This is Alec. Yes, we're working on growing that pipeline. $450 million was a kind of jump-starting our program, which was helpful to that Toll had these three projects ready to go. But we're hoping to grow that to $1 billion or $1.2 billion over time. This year it will probably be somewhere between the $450 million and $1 billion.
Alec Brackenridge: We're seeing flow cap rates kind of across the board. We're also a very tactical seller, right. So if a market has not got a lot of bids in a particular – last year, we didn't feel like New York – there was a lot of interest in New York. So we didn't sell. Now we're feeling differently. We have a property under contract, and we'll get a low cap rate on that. And but investor interest is broad across the markets, and we're going to continue to match sources and uses here with the dispositions paying for the acquisitions, as Mark said, at roughly the same cap rates.
Alec Brackenridge: And as to investor – and this is Alec. As investor interest in California, we see both newer transactions that we're typically looking at buying, and it's been a very full bidding tent for that. And also the older stuff that we're selling into such a slightly different buyer in many cases, more value-add focused. Also a lot of interest. The exception to that is really downtown San Francisco. There has not been a significant trade. And right now, I think the market has to continue to recover both from a rent level, which it's starting to do but also from investor appetite. It's somewhat analogous to New York, where 12 months ago, we felt the same way we needed to wait on that before we sold any property there. And San Francisco is a little lagging behind that, but that is the market where you just don't see much sales transaction. Otherwise, it's very robust.
Mark Parrell: Hey John, it's Mark. Just to add to that. And the risks are different in each of these markets. So you get into the intermediate term with some of the markets that we call our established coastal markets. And there is a bit more risk of rent control and things like that interrupting rent growth in those markets. I'd also just say that when you look at the growth in some of these markets, we think of the new portfolio is having a bit of a handoff and this diversification is going to serve us well. We do have supercharged growth this year because of the recovery in our established markets. And as we establish the Sunbelt presence, we're going to have more balance. And I think you're going to see just more balanced growth. So maybe there is a little more growth in the Sunbelt and a little less in established, but we'll pick that up and vice versa. So from our perspective, it's sort of a risk-adjusted thought process and a diversification thought process. So maybe the established markets drive the machine for the next 18 months or two years and maybe some of these diversification markets help add power to the engine in outer years.
Mark Parrell: Hey Rich, it's Mark. Our goal is not to have any dilution maybe even have accretion, that would be wonderful. But we're trying to do is build a great long-term portfolio, and there are timing issues, too. So I'd just tell you that 25 basis points of dilution is just what's in our model. It's just what's in our guidance. The number could be slightly more or slightly less. Right now, it feels great to be selling these assets in these established markets that are older, they're nice properties, but there are a lot of older assets, they have big capital needs, sometimes regulatory challenges in buying these newer assets in these new markets for us. So that trade even feels like a good deal to us. So I think you'll continue to see us trade even if it's de minimisly dilutive. And again, there are timing issues, too. Sometimes you sell before you buy and things of that nature. So I'll tell you, the goal of Alec and his team is to trade as accretively as possible. But on the other hand, not to be fooled by that initial cap rate and to be thinking hard about the long-term return on the asset.
Mark Parrell: And Rich, just to add a little bit, it's Mark. The general rule you should think about here is that when you're doing concessions, and we were in a concessionary environment for a while, at the beginning, when you're issuing large amounts of concessions, your concession fully net effective number for revenue will be higher than it would be on a cash basis. We're now at the tail end of that where these concessions are going away, and that means that the opposite is now generally true and that you're doing a little bit better on the other direction. So your GAAP number is generally not doing the same. So that's just so you understand the trade. So when we disclose on Page 12, as Bob said, that for the full year, the difference is 4.6 GAAP versus negative 3.2 cash. You're effectively going to have that thing switch around a little bit. You're not going to have concessions improving your number like you did. You're going to have concessions hurting your numbers slightly. And that's what it does. So I think our cash number is 80 basis points lower.
Mark Parrell: So just to be clear, you will get all of that change. It's just a matter of when. And that depends on, as Michael said, the lease maturity schedule, a little bit of regulatory pressure, those sorts of things. But you'll get the whole thing unless the market changes. It's just whether it's all this year or a little bit falls into 2023.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I mean, we're in that latter camp, Brad, it's Mark, about value staying, give or take where they are. I think interest rates going up are pretty manageable for value. So you think about the customary spread, and we talked about this on the last call of between the 10-year treasury and prevailing apartment cap rates of being 200 basis points give or take, and you imagine the Fed moving short rates and long rates responding and you wonder if the cap rates should go up. And I guess – given how durable multifamily cash flow has proven to be even during what was, I think, the biggest crisis in the industry's history in the last few years. I mean, we were hit pretty hard and we're right back in two years and on a good growth trajectory and the great prospects going forward. I feel like that bit of a risk premium is going to decline a bit. I also think there's a wall of capital that I know you're well familiar with that wants into real estate and specifically into apartments. I heard that number quoted as all sorts of different numbers, but it seems to be at least $100 billion or more. So I think that creates a floor as well. So our sense is that as long as interest rates going up, doesn't crush growth and take the whole economy into a serious recession. Values will remain pretty good. And I also think you're going to get both real and nominal cash flow growth. So I think your NOI that you're applying your cap rate too, is going to improve as well over the next few years.
Mark Parrell: And timing, right, not all leases expire, Alex, on January 1. That's the other. So you got to – so it's a little – it's Mark, it's a little bit of both. I mean certainly, there's some regulatory restrictions, particularly in Southern California, but there's also just timing. We don't – our leases don't overrule January 1. So what we do is that we get that money the next year. So that is going to contribute to 2023. And just to talk about the concession. I mean we did take all that pain through the system. Our shareholders felt that. So the fact that there is some concession makeup. I mean that is real cash flow we didn't get that we will get. So it isn't – I don't think you're implying this, but it isn't an accounting charge. It is a true cash flow reduction we had that we're now getting back.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I don't know about double because, again, you're failing to mark the asset to market. If you – I mean, we don't operate on a historic basis here. You don't look at an asset and say, it's only worth its net book value. It can be worth more or less. And in our case, it's often worth more. So I'm a little confused by the comparison of net book value using that as your denominator with cash flow as your numerator. I think cash flow forward is your numerator and your denominator is what you sold the asset for you think the asset is worth at the moment, right.
Mark Parrell: Well, we're probably feeling a little better in a couple of places. I certainly think in New York, the new mayor seems to have been elected by a populist that wants practical problem solving government in New York and is thinking about the crime issue in a good, thoughtful way. So that's – we think that's positive. The governor has a lot of experience with real estate and understands how market factors work in real estate. So that – so probably feel smidge better in New York. I would say 1 thing in California, there will be an expiration shortly of a prohibition on local eviction moratoriums. And we do have some concern about that. I mean that is something we do think about. We think the time has passed for those sorts of emergency measures justified by COVID and that the system needs to adjust itself. And if there's going to be a need to keep people in homes of that sort, then the government should fund those kind of programs with enhanced vouchers or whatnot. But that's probably the thing that's foremost in our minds. And like I said, I think I feel a little better about New York, maybe not a lot, but a little in terms of the policymaking and then we'll continue to keep our eye on good cause eviction as well. And in some of our other markets, again, there seems to be more focus on quality of life and concerns of that sort, whether it's in Seattle or the city of San Francisco, and we welcome that as well.
Mark Parrell: Haendel, it's Mark. I'm going to start with the timing, and I'm going to leave Alec to talk about what's going on in the California sales side. So it will take a few more years. I mean, $2 billion is our goal on buys and sells. There was a lot of products sold towards the end of 2021. And so 2022 is not yet that busy, that's pretty common for the first quarter to be a little quieter. We'd love to do more than $2 billion, but we'll do only as much as makes sense on both the buy and the sell side. So I think you should expect this to take several more years to fully effectuate. But I'd say, in the meantime, the holders are going to get the benefit of the strong recovery in our established markets. And so again, we're going to continue to own a lot in New York, and New York is going to be a terrific market in 2022. And then you'll see our exposure to that market drop over time. And I think, hopefully, that will be well timed with improvements in performance in some of the Sunbelt markets that we're adding exposure. And so I think it is going to be a couple more years for sure until we get to that balance I've spoken of.
Mark Parrell: Absolutely. If there was an opportunity of that sort, we'd be all over it. But a lot of the portfolios we've seen that have traded or been offered for trade have all sorts of frailties. They're either a lot older product or they're in the wrong place or both. And they may have a few of the assets we want, but we're looking to try and make trades that move that goal along. Listen, we're open to buying assets, frankly, anywhere that makes sense if we get a great price. And this is not a market where you're getting a great price. So otherwise, you need to have it make sense relative to the strategy. So we'd love a portfolio acquisition. Alec and his team are super focused on that. We've not seen a lot of those opportunities that were in our wheelhouse come by.
Mark Parrell: Well, there's a lot in there, and I don't know if some of the rest of the team might contribute to the answer. I mean I have two Gen Zers sitting in my house that I very much want to get out there launched. And we see that cohort as very large. And I think with – we hope sensible immigration policies. I'm not sure it will end up being much smaller or smaller at all than the millennial generation was. So besides the raw numbers, there's also what percent of those people are captured in the apartment rentership world versus home ownership or single-family rentership. And I think we're going to capture and continue to capture a fair amount of these millennials. I mean it's been well documented that a lot of those folks have pretty good P&Ls, pretty good earnings power. But not necessarily a lot of savings to put down the purchase homes. And so a lot of those folks are going to stay longer with us, and they value that flexibility from rentership. So our sense, and again, we've seen research on this is that even though the ownership percentages have been going up and millennials are certainly part of that, I think we're going to continue to have a pretty good share of that millennial population even as it ages. Our average renter is 33 years old in our portfolio. So it's a little older than some of our competitors. So I think we are still approaching the high watermark for the millennial generation in terms of the largest single year of population. So that all feels good. I think the runway for demographics and apartments is really good. In terms of going into the single-family business, we're a residential company. We think about all those things all the time. But what we have in front of us is this really good opportunity to build 12-or-so market portfolio in the best places for affluent renters to live in the U.S. We're really good at managing apartments, and we're good at that. We can be good at other things, too. But I think what we have in front of us is an opportunity to really trade out of some of the older product and maybe regulatory challenged product and move into apartments. That seems like that's right in front of us. I wonder if that isn't the opportunity for us right now as opposed to trying some new things, especially since those new things aren't cheap. So I think single-family is certainly analogous property type and plenty of our ex employees have worked there in pretty senior roles. So we know a fair bit about it. And we think about it a fair bit. But it isn't something that, from my perspective, is the immediate opportunity.
Mark Parrell: We're open to joint ventures. There are some places where we're probably more open to them. For example, the city of San Francisco with very high transfer taxes, maybe a place we're selling part is better. Selling twice as much in halves is better than selling one whole. So I guess, Michael, we are open to it. That's a different pocket of money. We have conversations. We know all those people. If an asset just needs to be sold, we want to sell it. We don't want to put a partner into an asset that we think will be challenged, but there are certainly assets we're just overexposed in the submarket and we just like to have a little less exposure. So we're open to that, and we've had those kind of conversations. But honestly, the market to sell 100% has been so darn good. We've just gone ahead and done that. But we're open to that. And the most important part of that is we found more to buy, then we'd like hit the switch on everything, JVs and larger portfolio dispositions and all of that. So the big limiter on doing one of those trades is all of a sudden, Alec, would get $600 million of cash that he need to reinvest in 90 days in a bunch of new great apartments. And that Michael, probably, concerns me most is how we would go about finding that new product, more than anything else.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Well, I mean, we do intend to grow. The development engine, we hope, will create some growth. We're open to the suggestion you made. It's again finding things to buy. If there was a lot to buy out there, Michael, and we might be very interested in using debt. We have a lot of debt capacity, maybe a little bit of equity and start buying, we'd love to get bigger. That's – we think this is a great time to be in the apartment business and would love to have both asset and cash flow growth. We'll get a lot of cash flow growth from just the existing business. So I'd tell you on both of your very good questions. The limiter is more our opportunity set not us wanting to pull those levers. We'll pull the JV lever, we'll pull the equity lever, if there was a lot of great things to buy. With it being such a tough market to acquire in, the trading activity has been probably a better way for us to go.
Mark Parrell: And we'll react to the opportunity set that presents itself. I mean I appreciate the comment because you're right, we are transactionalists. We're good at doing large deals. We know how to integrate assets 50 at a time or more into the portfolio. But again, I don't see that opportunity set out there. So I guess it's hard to react in the abstract to that. But I'd rather be done with this process. That part, I agree with you. EQR would rather be done with the realignment process, but we're not in such a hurry that we'll do it by buying lower quality assets.
Mark Parrell: Yes, it's Mark. It's kind of just in our model. It can be either one. But like this year, we didn't have any. And our goal with Alec is to not have any again or for it to be accretive. But it can be from either. It can be from selling early in the year and thus having more disposition NOI gone or it could be from buying early in the year and having more accretion just by virtue of that. So either or, I guess, I'd tell you. You just take 25 basis points, multiply it by $2 billion that's the negative drag somewhere in EQR's P&L model on this activity.
Mark Parrell: Well, thank you all for your time today. We look forward to seeing many of you in person at the conferences that are coming up and in your offices over the next few months. Thank you very much. Stay well.
Michael Manelis: Well, I think it's a little bit of both of those factors. So one, as that pricing trend improves, it's a lead indicator as to what to expect on that new lease change and renewal in those forward months. But I think clearly, you're subject to who's moving out and who's moving in, a little bit of the timing of when those original leases were written. And then clearly, we are subject to some of these regulations right now that are limiting our ability, mostly on the renewal side of the business with allowable increases which, in my mind, just defers kind of the rent growth that we were going to see in 2022 and pushes it more into 2023 because we're going to recapture that spread again either through that next renewal or at move out and time of a new lease coming in. So I think you're seeing, too, the trend, if you look at that January kind of trend. You're going to continue to see that growth in these first couple of months of this year with both new lease change and the blended. And then you'll start to see us come up against that comp in the back half of the year, and it will start to moderate a little bit. So I think you're seeing us close that gap with that net effective pricing trend, but I don't think you should ever expect that we're going to fully realize those numbers.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So this is Michael. I think clearly, in the first several months of the year, you're going to see that new lease change starts to outperform the renewal numbers. We got pretty good insight into the renewal performance for the first quarter. You can look at what we're quoting for February and March and see that it's kind of right in line. We've been quoting just around 14%. We're achieving around 12% in these months. I would expect that to continue. But on that new lease side, you're going to see a little bit more momentum kick in here as you go January, February and probably even into March, and then you'll start to see it kind of moderate a little bit. And as you turn the corner and get towards the back half of the year, I think those numbers are going to converge together.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So I think you got to go market by market and you got to understand the retention. You need to understand the regulation limits of the caps that you're bumping up against. And in certain markets like San Francisco or even in New York, you got to understand the concession use that was in play this time last year or in the fourth quarter of 2020 and that comp period is kind of what's driving some of that. So I would be looking more into that January kind of projection and just thinking about where you see those spreads today and know that the renewal number is probably going to stay like I just said, in that similar range, but you're going to get a little bit more momentum out of that new lease change in some of those recovery markets.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I mean, I think a lot is going to depend on what intra-period growth looks like and the timing of that growth, whether it's early in the year or later. But yes, I mean, I think that's a fair way to model.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Hey Nick, this is Michael. So clearly, there's a divergence, right. With the city of San Francisco, is the area that has the most pronounced spread to the pre-pandemic pricing. You actually have pockets as you work your way in through the East Bay that's right on top of it. The peninsula is really approaching kind of that pre-pandemic. And the South Bay, despite the 4,000 units that just came to the market, is also just like that peninsula area, it's right on top of that pre-pandemic pricing. So I think what we're seeing is just when you roll it up at the market level, and we're still that 6% off of the pre-pandemic pricing, it's mostly weighted down from the city of San Francisco. And you have signs of that demand returning in there. You just don't have quite enough of it to get to that pricing power that you need to fully recapture everything. But the signs are there, and the question is just how fast in the year you can get to that price because the earlier we get it, the more it's going to yield the revenue growth this year versus deferring into 2023.
Michael Manelis: Well, no, I think what you need to remember is that the first part of this year is going to be strong. It's going to be these 12% numbers on the renewal. And then as you turn the corner in the back half of the year, I think you should expect some moderation. So I don't think it's materially below 10%, but I'm not sure we're going to stay at a 12% run throughout the whole year.
Michael Manelis: Hey Alex, this is Michael. So maybe I'll start with this for a little bit. So there's a couple of ways to look at that. First, you can go into the fourth quarter kind of statistics around like the new lease renewal and the blended and just look at the difference between like a net effective and a gross – and I'll tell you, you can almost say it's about a 300 basis point impact where outside of concessions that net effective is being kind of lifted up by about a 300 basis point impact from the use of concessions in that prior period. But a better way to kind of think about this is if you look at the loss to lease that we have today in January, and I'd say we are approaching right at around 11%. That's on a net effective basis. And when you look at that on a gross basis, so without any regard to any concession activity either last year or this year, it's about a 75 basis point impact. So you have about a 10.25% loss to lease right now on just rate. And that's the opportunity that allows you to work your way through 2022 and capture that rate, and some of that will fold into 2023.
Michael Manelis: So this is Michael. I mean, clearly, we want retention, right. We deliver an outstanding customer service to our residents. We have a market price that we're using as a quote and we want our residents to stay with us. So as I think about that retention right now, you do have a couple of areas that the retention is super high, and that is probably being influenced by some of the regulations that's keeping some of those increases, call it, well below what the current market rate is, again. And that, to us, is just a deferral of the revenue into next year. But I think what you should expect to see is as the year goes on, I'm guessing we could see a little bit of that moderation on that retention or on that percent of residents renewing. But I don't think it's going to be material. I mean our residents are telling us, and you could see by the increases that we've been putting out there and they're signing with us that it's not an affordability issue. You may see a little bit of a tick up based on increase and then moving around. But I think we expect to see strong retention through the year.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, there. Thank you. I just wanted to go back. I don't know if you – did you outline a time line for getting your portfolio to that kind of pro forma balance that you mentioned early in the call that one-third California, one-third the balance you outlined earlier. And then also, it looks like there's a bit more wood to chop in California. So maybe as part of that, can you talk about the level of demand and buy a profile that you're seeing in California. We keep hearing a lot of chatter that end is far less for close to California. I'm just curious on what you're seeing there? Thanks.
Haendel St. Juste: I was asking you. Would you – theoretically, are you open to fast tracking that, the asset recycling out of California should there be maybe a portfolio...
Haendel St. Juste: Great. One more question. A bit of a question, but just curious on your thoughts. I was intrigued by your reference to the Gen Z cohort earlier. Looking at the numbers, $65 million there large group but noticeably short of the $72 million of the millennial cohort that preceded it. So I guess just thinking ahead, I'm wondering at some point how this kind of plays itself out maybe in less demand or potentially less rate growth at some point. But also I'm curious kind of what have you learned about that cohort, maybe how they differ perhaps from millennials, and this is impacting anything on kind of like collection or services. And then as a follow-up, would you be enticed perhaps to do a bit more in the single-family rentership side as they appear to be more set up to be a beneficiary of the millennial, the aging of the millennials? Thanks.
