Mark Parrell: Thank you, Marty. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. We are pleased to delivered growth in our same-store revenues, net operating income and normalized FFO that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. 2019 is off to a strong start with demand for our product remaining deep and new supply being absorbed well across all of our markets. We are also benefiting from a sizable dropping new competitive supply in both in New York and Boston markets. This strong demand across our markets is creating high occupancy which is allowing us to push rate. We're just beginning the primary leasing season, but if these trends hold we would expect to deliver same-store revenue growth and normalized FFO growth near the top end of our guidance ranges. As is our custom, we'll wait until our second quarter call at the end of July to revise our full-year guidance. After I discuss our investment activity in the quarter, I'll turn the call over to Michael Manelis, our Chief Operating Officer to give you color on our operating performance. And after that we'll open the call up to your questions. So, switching to investments on the acquisition side on the fourth quarter call, I gave you details on three apartment properties, we acquired early in the first quarter of 2019. We acquired no other assets in the first quarter, but after the end of the quarter we acquired a 366 unit apartment property in Rockville, Maryland that's a suburb of Washington D.C. This property was built in 2016 and is fully stabilized. The purchase price was approximately $103.5 million and the acquisition cap rate was 5.3%. Our investment strategy for over a decade has been to acquire and develop urban and den suburban properties in our markets, while we have acquired and develop more urban assets of late. We also continue to seek well located product in the suburbs that share certain characteristics with our urban assets like being proximate to high wage employment and other positive drivers of apartment demand having high household incomes and where the rent to income ratio is similar to our other assets in the market. By that, I mean that the rent to income ratio is relatively low. Assets that are walkable are very convenient to amenities by car and we're single family owned housing is less affordable compared to rental apartment housing. The Rockville asset checked all these boxes, we owned other assets in this submarket and think this property complements the existing portfolio. You should expect us to continue to look for opportunities like these in our markets. We did not sell anything in the first quarter of 2019, but subsequent to the end of the quarter, we sold our 800 Sixth Avenue Asset in Manhattan for approximately $237.5 million. This property is subject to the New York 421A program and its sale will reduce our property tax expense growth rate and improve our NFFO growth rate over time. We continue to look to acquire properties in Manhattan and elsewhere in the New York area that meet our acquisition parameters. Our guidance continues to call for $700 million of acquisitions and $700 million of dispositions in 2019. The number of assets that we're marketing in the first quarter that meet our acquisition parameters were relatively low. We expect the number of suitable assets for sale to grow as the year goes on. Overall cap rates are holding steady in our markets and values are increasing modestly with growing NOI. There continues to be considerable demand own high quality apartment assets in all our markets. And now, I'll turn the call over to Michael Manelis, our Chief Operating Officer.
Mark Parrell: Thanks for that question Nick. Listen the buyer pools generally have been smaller now than they were a few years ago, but sufficient and certainly this asset cleared with relatively no difficulty, I think the asset underwriting process with 421a is a little bit different, everyone knows what those numbers are and what those increases are. But, I think folks that aren't public reporting companies like us have a little bit of an advantage because they are deals that you have very good IRR on. I mean between the two 421a assets we sold. So that's the 101 West End deal last year and this asset which together, the 806 asset which together about $600 million of sale proceeds. We've got a 10% annual IRR on those assets unlevered, so we did very well. So I think the private buyers are very happy with those sorts of returns, very comfortable with those escalations because they understand that the assets kind of accumulating value for the mark-to-market at the end, and again the asset, these are generally saleable assets and not with a great deal of difficulty.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I know your questions about IRR, but I'll start by saying cap rates in general across both markets and between markets, between coastal and secondary markets have really collapsed on each other. I mean a lot of stuff is trading in the forces that didn't trade in the forces before. So there's just a real compression of cap rates going on. I do think that some of the urban product trades at a lower IRR because it has a lower cap rate because it's got less risk associated with it. But generally speaking, the value add trades again our trading continue to trade well, but maybe a little bit less demand there. But between urban and suburban right now again it's so competitive that there's not a great deal with difference between IRR demands. But I do think IRRs are still generally lower on the buyer side when you're buying an asset in an urban center city location.
Mark Parrell: Sure. Thanks for the question Shirley. So just generally, I mean there is rent control discussions going on in many of our markets through various trade associations we belong to we're very active. We're able to discuss these things with policy makers and just get the point across that solving affordable housing – the affordable housing crisis in our various markets is not about limiting new supply of workforce and affordable housing, but encouraging that sort of supply whether it's through zoning reform, regulatory reform programs like the old New York 421a deal. So we feel like we've got some real traction in that conversation and we'll continue to press it. As it relates to New York which was part of your specific question, that's a very complex rent control regime and there are a lot of things going on. It does need to be reauthorized by mid-June and so we're in the middle of those conversations again through the various trade associations. But we just have to try and get the point across that continuing to limit the incentive for the private side to create new housing will not solve this problem. So that's the message the industry has that we continue to sort of advocate.
Mark Parrell: Sure. It's Mark and then Michael may supplement this. I mean over the next few months as you know with leasing season, we have approaching half of our leases turning over in the span of a few months. So you've got variables in rate, you got certainly variables in occupancy that are very relevant. So it's just there's and we're talking about pretty fine numbers. When you start talking about whether your growth rate is – the midpoint of our guidance being 2.7, 2.8 those are very small differences in the level of precision we're talking about here. So what I'd say to you is what can change push you up or down there's things as simple as a temporary occupancy blip maybe some undisciplined supply in one of our submarkets things like that that could push those numbers down. That don't mean that anything systemic has happened in that market, but that Nick you're going to miss – we're going to miss the very, very top end of the range by something, by some factor. So what I would say is you've got all of that that you need to consider and that's effectively impossible for us to predict at this early point in the leasing season.
Mark Parrell: I think that is what we will see, right. So we saw a shift from – in 2018 what we were projecting for 2019, we saw a shift occur a lot of the 2018 deliveries got moved into 2019 and it pushed the number up through I think 14,000 units expected in the market. We expect that trend is going to continue. I think in the first quarter we saw about 15% of the expected completed shift and get deferred out. So I guess is, every quarter we are going to keep seeing some of that shift occur.
Mark Parrell: No. I guess that would be better right now in New York as we are doing about 50% fewer concessions in the first quarter of 2019 versus 2018. I mean we really don’t do a lot of concessions in the portfolio. And so I look at this and outside of New York, New York would be performing a little bit better than what's on the page.
Mark Parrell: So I think it's probably too early to know the exact impact from all of these initiatives put together. You need to remember that we've done a lot of centralization and eliminated roles onsite in previous years. So for us our opportunity is figuring out how to leverage this technology to create new operating efficiencies. What's probably most exciting for us and we'll probably see the bigger return is that we got an amazing portfolio of assets that are highly concentrated in very desirable locations. So this close proximity when we start thinking about self-guided tours, where we start thinking about kind of potting our kind of onsite folks. We will have less windshield time, which is going to allow us to have greater staff efficiencies in both sales and service. And it's also going to allow us to reduce our reliance on contractors for many of the tasks that are getting completed today. So I think the benefit really comes more like 2020 and 2021, as we start deploying this technology and start to see the compounded impact of all of them coming together.
Mark Parrell: So we've done a lot where we have concierges, right, where you don't need the technology in place. And remember a lot of our buildings we have concierge so we have staff there. We're now just getting ready to deploy the technology in place so you have the locks in place. You can do self-guided tours at properties after hours where you don't have kind of onsite personnel. We've been testing for, I would say probably about nine months. On the smart home technology, we've done probably a little bit over a year. We’ve narrowed it down. We'll have about 2,000 units up and running. On the self-guided tours, we've done this at a handful of properties. We really need to kind of market it better to really see the upside potential of it. But it's big, right because a tour takes 30 minutes of time. So you start eliminating those tours that equals a huge efficiency in your staff.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So I mean that's a tough one. I guess, I'll just throw out an average per door of about $800, but it does swing depending on what kind of lock you're putting in. If you've got a mortise lock, it's more costly than if you just have a standard lock. As far as the return goes, I think we've been out in the industry the $30 a month premium getting charged. On yield management, it's hard to say that that's really a sustainable kind of return that you're getting on that. So I think we need to get more concentration of these in the portfolio to really be able to answer that question to tell you what we expect from it.
Mark Parrell: Rent control is a risk, just like climate change just like the financial strength of our various municipalities we operate in, Steve that we have to take into account. We've managed that risk very well. New York’s had rent control the entire time we've been in that market. So it's certainly something we're aware of. But again we hope to have these and continue to have really good dialogue with policymakers and hope to have a conversation that really involves more workforce housing, not just regulating prices and ending up with less workforce housing, less housing in general and kind of a worse problem. So do we take it into account? Absolutely. It’s compelling us to move in other markets. The reasons we're not in those other markets and a lot to do with the quality of demand and the type of customer you have and the ability to build in those markets, and the fact that rent control maybe isn't a threat in those markets. I'm not sure offsets the other disadvantages we see.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks, John. That's really hard for us to guess that. There are so many proposals that are active right now. The governor's talked about a number of things, other legislators have talked about a number of things. Just to be honest with you, impossible for me to tell you that we have a good handle on the exact proposal that's likely to be enacted. When something does seem close then we'll have a firm review.
Mark Parrell: Well, not only does it depend on the category of the change because there are broad – I don't disagree with you there are broad things being discussed some of which like capital improvement changes aren't particularly relevant to us, but if you change the preferential rent scheme, it depends how you change it. And I've heard so many different variants that it's really hard for me to react and give you a view. I'll tell you that a good portion of our portfolio in New York City isn't rent controlled at all, it's market rate units. Those units maybe benefited from all this additional controls. So I appreciate the desire to get to some underwriting number right now, but until we have more certainty, it's just hard for us to give you that kind of answer.
Mark Parrell: Well, D.C. is a market that has the ability to deliver rapidly in new areas. I mean again you talk about the waterfront in this Union Market area is certainly going to get a lot of supply as well. So these new areas are terrific in the sense that they're making the district so much more livable, much more dynamic place, there are a lot of reasons for people to live there more reasons than even before, but these areas do draw these new areas. So I'll tell you, it could spring up in a lot of places and I wouldn't be surprised if we're not talking in two years about the amount of supply in Union Market, because of all of the stuff going on there. I also think you can deliver in Arlington pretty easily and you may see a little bit more delivered in and around the concentration around HQ2 at Amazon. So, I exist everywhere. I mean honestly.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Rich. It's Mark. So sort of three inputs demand supply and I'll call it other. When you think about the supply picture, it's probably I would say slightly more discouraging in Washington, D.C. and the ability as we just talked about in the prior question and deliver in many submarkets and in brand new submarkets, large amounts of supply in relative short order, makes that market a little more difficult than some of our other markets on the supply side. Most of the other markets have – I think a little bit more in terms of structural limitations or land limitations on supply. In terms of demand, we like the picture across all the markets New York feels very good. We feel very good about very bullish on New York long-term. I mean the financial services employment sort of headache is over we think. I think that the city has reborn with an emphasis on technology and new media And we see that it costs our resident base and the amount of demand we like New York a lot. We like Boston, a great deal. We're building a big tower there. So we feel terrific. The West Coast markets have done very well. We like the demand picture across the board including in D.C. A lot of our better D.C. numbers are because frankly the supply was there and we knew it would be, but the demand is just terrific. And then other which I define as both the rent control concerns, we've discussed on the call and then just thinking about whether our jurisdictions are investing in their infrastructure. And that point, the D.C. is to be commended because they just got a new package of reforms in place to fund the renovation of the Metro system, which is badly needed and now they have you know funding assured funding from the three governments to do that. So again we see a lot of good things in our markets across the board. And I would say that the picture and supplying in D.C. is just a little bit more challenging than any other markets.
Mark Parrell: Well, I've got a couple Gen Z living with me so I speak something to that. I think we continue creation of jobs in dense and dense suburban and urban settings in these cities that we operate in. I don't know why that dynamic changes. I don't know why people don't want to live there like I can't see what that inflection point would be again provided these cities continue to invest in this attractive infrastructure of parks and transit and the like. So, I mean we're very optimistic. I'd point out that our average resident is a little bit older at 33. So, we haven't even seen the height of the millennials yet through our system. I think the biggest core. It might be 28 years older, so now, so we're going to continue to feel good tailwinds from the millennials, and no reason to believe that the Gen Z wouldn't act similarly. But they are just entering college when they're just coming out of this is a young group yet and I guess to be fair, we haven't really seen their preferences in housing expressed very well yet.
Mark Parrell: No. So, I would say it was pretty consistent across the submarkets just the being strong. I think foot traffic by itself is not the only thing you would look to see demand, because there's things that we could do based on how many available units we have to sell how much advertising dollars we're putting in there that can influence those numbers. I think for us we were fairly consistent in our marketing strategy and you can see these areas that had the kind of strongest growth on a year-over-year basis allowed us to kind of get in a position where we can grow occupancy versus the prior year and then start pushing right, a leading indicator.
Mark Parrell: Yes, it was up and it equated to 27 more move outs during that first quarter versus the first quarter of last year. It's something that we're watching right. We knew we were facing some pressure into that market. We forecasted that in our guidance but it was down and it's something we just need to walk.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So we've put the guidance out there for in the March Investor Presentation for the full-year. So you kind of get a sense. I will tell you sitting here right now. San Francisco, New York and D.C. are probably the three that have really outperformed the first quarter from a new lease change perspective and I think you could just look at the March guidance and kind of understand that would impact those full-year numbers, the rest of this stuff. Its call it 20 basis points, 30 basis points better than what we expected in the quarter. And when you stretch that out over the full-year and you put in all of the quantity of new leases that we're getting ready to write, it's just not as meaningful.
Mark Parrell: No. I think they actually – they just announced that they're going to start putting some employees in there in June and some temporary office space. To me that HQ2 and I think what we're seeing it's a psychological lift right. It's good for long-term fundamentals for those submarket and I think what you're going to see as the year progresses and more and more jobs you're going to see the demand number go up and you'll probably see pricing power strengthened from that.
Mark Parrell: Right. There with me for a second here. Yes, so the tower where we expect to stabilize that is about a take a little over a 6% yield. The current yield on current rents and current construction costs would be bit over 5%. But just to give you a sense of that. I'm not sure I have here the actual rent I don't have the underwriting for that asset here with me and we could certainly talk through that with you at a later points.
Mark Parrell: Sure. Well a couple of different things are going on. One is similar. There are new neighborhood, I mean Downtown L.A. is a new destination of sorts so you see a lot of construction there and there's not as much entrenched opposition. When you go to DC, there's a lot less effective entrenched opposition to these new neighborhoods like again the area by the ballpark and you see very significant amounts of construction. It’s relatively easy to build in Northern Virginia. Maryland is a little more difficult, but it is relatively easy. So I would say to you that generally speaking in terms of governmental restrictions land availability in D.C. of a good sized subcontractor base all of that is easier. I would say to execute on in D.C. than it is on the West Coast, we have maybe more limitations in terms of local government rules and regulations you need to work through. We have more significant land limitations, maybe a more effective NIMBYs view on additional units. So I think it's a combination of all those things.
Mark Parrell: I don't. I've not heard that to be the case, it's more what you're building a high rise or you're building a mid rise wrap product, you're building garden what are you constructing. So if you're building a high rise it's going to take longer. And so a lot of our supply numbers, we think they're pretty accurate when we have markets like New York where everything's high rise and when markets like D.C. where there's a lot of garden, a lot of mid rise it takes less time. So, I have not heard that there's a material difference once construction starts, in say the completion of a mid rise in the L.A. area and the completion of the mid rise in D.C. If there is it's probably whether related or those sorts of things, but I've not heard a great deal of difference.
Mark Parrell: Sure Alex, I give some general numbers and I'll admit that this is all very technical, it's a little bit subject to correction here as we some of these properties are shifting for example, they're completing their rent stabilization period and they'll move in the market rate. So, we have 9,500 units in metro New York, call it 3,500 or so aren't even in New York City proper. So, they're not part of this conversation we're having right now, call it 30,300 units and that number is going down shortly because we have some deals moving out of the rent stabilization category, so maybe 30,300 units or so, our rent stabilized in one fashion or another. You know as a New York or there's a lot of variations on what that means and whether those restrictions are very significant or less so but effectively 30.300 and the remaining call is 3,000 odd units.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So, let me just get a little bit of context. So really the bill is trying to measure those greenhouse gas intensity. They've come out with a calculation that has kind of a mandate for 2024 and then another decline really beginning in 2030 I believe. So, I think just looking at the portfolio and thinking about where we have properties rolling off kind of the 421A that won't be subject to this stuff we're anticipating about 4,500 units or about 70% of our Manhattan and Brooklyn unit. In 2024 we will only need to take prescriptive measures as they will still be subject to some form of kind of rent stabilization. So that being said, I would say the company we've always been focused on energy consumption and efficiency. So we're not – we're still working through with a consultant to understand our baseline but we're not as concerned about this 2024 requirement. But it looks like it's about a 40% reduction in their calc as to where this benchmark is for 2030. And I would say that reduction is going to take some work to achieve, but we're just we're up for the challenge but we're not really sure yet how much work we're going to have to do to be able to hit that benchmark.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I mean, but you still need to take prescriptive measures in there. So yes, you're shielded from the actual calculation or the penalties from it but there are still things you're going to need to do. But we have a lot of confidence just given our focus over these years that we've already done most of those.
Mark Parrell: All right. Before we end the call, I want to give a very special thank you to John Lennox, our Senior VP of Financial Planning and Analysis who is retiring today after 35 years with our Company. John has been a valued friend, colleague and teacher to so many of us in our Company and a mentor to both me and Bob Garechana as CFO's. We wish him the very best in his retirement. So thank you all for your time today and have a good day.
Michael Manelis: Okay. So this is Michael, I think I can address that. So I think on the last call, we talked about slowness that we were seeing kind of in Orange County and our full-year projection actually had lower revenue projected for 2019 versus 2018. We kind of see the supply that we're tracking. I think just under 4,000 units for Orange County in 2019 and a very consistent competitive standpoint of what we experienced last year, we actually did a little better than what we thought in Q1. But again, that was off of a reduced kind of run rate knowing that we were going to be facing the competition. Moving over into the Bay Area, I guess I would say, we're seeing pressure on East Bay. I don't necessarily point that to the deliveries coming online in Oakland yet. I think that's still TBD as to what that poll is going to be whether that's going to attract from downtown San Francisco. But when we built our full-year, we kind of anticipated and we look at when are these deliveries coming to market. So I don't really see any kind of change right now. I will tell you the momentum in Q1 in San Francisco outside of the East Bay may mitigate any impact we're going to have from that supply. And as you move over to the East Coast and you think about New York, we see the reduction in supply in New York. We thought we were going to have better pricing power. We were expecting that the momentum is stronger than what we thought. So I think as we play out for the balance of the year as I alluded to in the opening remarks, if these trends continue that we're seeing in these markets for the next couple of months as we start writing more and more leases that is going to put us to the high end of our income range.
Michael Manelis: Nick, the only thing I guess I would add to that is just from a downside risk perspective, it's really watching southern California just to see if there's any additional softening. Because to me that's where the risk sits right now. The other the trajectory of these other markets, it will be remote that all of a sudden we see a very sharp pause that then dilutes our occupancy so quickly. But I think in Southern California right now it's where we need to kind of keep our eyes on it.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I think new lease concession for us are like $0.50 million or something. I mean, it's just not a material number on $2.6 billion in revenue.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Steve, I’d add some of this stuff is going to get to be table stakes in some of these markets where people just demand this sort of stuff. So it's really hard to tell what it is and it'll vary a little bit. And some markets will install one thing and some will install another. But it's certainly an opportunity for us to the positive.
Michael Manelis: So I think really we're looking at this supply kind of concentration on top of us in these submarkets in the district and in Virginia. And really this market is delivered almost 4,000 units a quarter. And we kind of anticipate that to continue. So from a concentration standpoint, I would say, it still sits on us in the district, it still sits on us in the Northern Virginia. We expect that to continue. We're performing better than what we thought despite the supply sitting there.
Robert Garechana: Yes. So there's no change. We've always accounted for our bad debt expense as a contrary avenue. So, the lease accounting implementation didn't impact the income statement in any regard.
Robert Garechana: Yes. There's one debt extinguishment costs, which is fairly sizable. Its non-cash, it actually relate to the payoff of some tax exempt bonds on the sale of 806. We acquired that property as part of our stones so that that was mark-to-market. So there is a fairly sizable discount that had to be written off when we paid off that debt in conjunction with the sale.
Robert Garechana: Yes. So we're comfortable with the kind of call at the midpoint of our guidance range on expenses. We always assumed that the expense growth would be front end loaded in our original forecast. So we're comfortable kind of where the range that's kind of around the midpoint right.
Robert Garechana: So yes, I mean it was 9.9% for the quarter, it was roughly just over 600 fewer units turned over in Q1 of 2019, over Q1 of 2018. So from an NOI perspective, I mean the cost – the actual physical cost to make ready a unit is not significant. So I don't think that's a big driver to the NOI. The benefit for us is we reduce our vacancy loss on those units. And we also right now you have more people renewing right and renewals were coming in at a 4.9%. So that to me is a lift that we're seeing kind of into the NOI contribution from that. Of the drivers to that, I think is very consistent to what we've said in the past, which is we are delivering strong customer service to our residents. Our satisfaction scores are at the all time company high. And that's being fueled with people out there deferring life changing decisions for later years and marrying later having children later. So, I think we're benefiting from all of those things coming together. How much lower it goes. I don't know.
Robert Garechana: Our market rate units, and the number of market rate units from now to call at 23 is going to keep increasing as we burn through some of these rent stabilization periods and its 421A assets go through their cycle.
Robert Garechana: Yes, we've got a lot of cogent that we do in New York we've got a lot of – with the sustainability and efficiency initiatives we've done a lot of work on these assets already that you know is gone well for us. You'll see us do some work. A lot of that Alex, I bet you we would have done anyway.
Robert Garechana: Yes. The only thing I can say is as it relates to our own kind of rate of growth from 2018 to 2019, it was about $900,000 was the step up from the real estate tax piece, but that's all the color I have at the moment.
