David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to report what has not been a terribly well-kept secret, and that is that the operating fundamentals in the multifamily space continue to be very strong. And based on the activity we're seeing today across our portfolio, we see no reason why strong fundamentals shouldn't continue for quite a while. As reported in our earnings release and supplemental last night, we delivered second quarter results, which came in very much in line with our expectations and which produced results for the first half of the year of 5.5% same-store revenue growth and 7.5% same-store NOI growth, numbers that are right on top of the midpoint of the full year guidance that we gave in February for both of these metrics. So all in all, the year is shaping up pretty much as we have forecasted, and Fred's going to take a minute now to share a bit about what we're seeing as we begin to wrap up our primary leasing season.
David J. Neithercut: I guess the only thing that I would add to that, Rob, is the fact that notwithstanding this increase in turnover, our net exposure, our left to lease is still reasonable at this point in the season.
David J. Neithercut: No, Rob. I mean, I guess what we look at, and we talked about it in our weekly investment committee meeting, is the trades that we're making between selling certain assets and having the opportunity to reinvest that capital into other assets. So there's no magic in our minds as to what that going-in delta might be, but rather, what's the long-term total return and how do we feel about selling certain assets and rotating that capital into other assets. I tell you, as we look at the assets we're selling today and look at what the prices per door are today and what those yields are, we don't believe we're in a position where we're terribly concerned about those values going forward. So selling those assets today at a high 5 and low 6 and putting the money in the bank and taking that dilution doesn't make that much sense because at an absolute dollar basis, absolute price per pound basis, we think that those values are solid, and we can always sell the asset next year if it takes until then to find an appropriate reinvestment opportunity.
David J. Neithercut: Yes. But that's also -- those are very easy markets in which to start new product. And they're also marked, so I think there are far more risks to single-family home, right? So we've not really done much of that work on those assets -- on those markets that -- more commodity-like markets, but the focus has been on the high-barrier markets.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I mean, we have a long-term bias for the higher-density, higher-barrier markets. But the analysis we've done here is just a 2- or 3-year analysis really focused on the starts that we know are the -- the developments that we know will actually take place.
David J. Neithercut: That's not what's driven this development decision, whatsoever, Rich. But I guess I'll just kind of go back to Fred's comments about Denver. Yes, we have seen an increase in people moving out because of pricing and it's higher than it's been at a historical context, but it's not a crazy number though. And we've noted we're seeing some people move out, an increase and people buying single-family homes. And as a percentage, that might be high, but it's still low in historical context. And then just again, using Denver as that example, notwithstanding increases in both of those areas, we see Denver at the highest occupancy that we've seen in last several years and the lowest left to lease in the last several years. So I guess what we're sort of suggesting to you is we think that the incremental demand is there, that these markets can absorb this activity.
David J. Neithercut: Embedded in that question, perhaps, is 2 separate questions. One is what kind of threat do we see these single-family homes being acquired by investors and being offered for rental? What kind of threat do we see those -- that to our business? And we don't see it as a terribly big threat. We think that those units are occupied by people who have already elected to make that sort of lifestyle change. And most likely, those homes are now be rented by people who have been dispossessed, perhaps, of the home that they had previously owned. And then with respect to any involvement or participation we might have or interest we might have in being that owner, we work very hard to really narrow our focus and operate very efficiently by sort of gaining size and scale in smaller footprints. And I think that it's going to be a challenge for these investors to operate these properties the way that they had hoped, and I would not expect us to have any interest in being involved in purchase and ownership of single-family homes for rental.
David J. Neithercut: The 4.7% -- 6% or so cap rate is impacted by that. I would tell you that -- and our guys would suggest to you that if that property did not have that tax abatement, that would easily sell with a 3-handle.
David J. Neithercut: We didn't build this deal with this hotel operator. It was built by a third party and built with it -- with the 2 different uses themselves. And we were willing to acquire the apartments with the hotel below because we do have experience operating a mixed-use structure like that. The only deal that we have done -- well, I guess we've done 2, one in Jersey City in which we did a joint development venture with the K. Hovnanian company. And then most recently, we'll start construction soon on a property in Park Avenue South in New York with Toll. I think in very expensive product, mixed-use product, if we believe we can make a smart investment and lay some of that off to someone like we did with Toll or work in venture with Toll, I think that we'll be happy to do that. But you'd seen that in markets in which the cost for land is so expensive that hedging that risk, ensuring that risk is smart to do. I would think that there's some conversations, perhaps, about doing something similar in Boston today. So I think in those very high-density, very costly markets, you could see us do that kind of thing, Bob. And I would say, I mean, it's not a focus, but again, if there is opportunities to build the right product, the right market, and it makes sense to do so with a third party, we'd certainly consider it.
David J. Neithercut: We have an unlevered IRR expectation on the Beatrice in the high 7s. I'll tell you, I would expect to achieve better than that just because that $1,340 per square foot for the units on such high levels of those floors with the views that they've got, retail condo product sells well in excess of that today. On a pure rental value, we've looked at it in the high 7s, but I think that we should exceed that. On the property we bought on Chevy Chase, we're in a low 9s. That is a property that we will do some significant investment into for some rehabs, and we'll get some benefit from that. So high 7s on the Beatrice, and the low 9s on the deal on Chevy Chase.
David J. Neithercut: No, no. We've continued to -- on most product -- be in that high 7 range, really, as a floor. Mostly -- frankly, it's been mostly 8s and above. And the Beatrice, I think, it has -- given the fact that it's a brand-new product, it had -- it would be high-floor product. But that was something that maybe got us a touch under 8 on an IRR basis. But generally, everything else has been plus 8%.
David J. Neithercut: We've heard about assets for sale that Archstone has got out there. And perhaps -- but there may be more coming.
David J. Neithercut: Well, the deals we have contemplated in starting this year that we do not expect now to start were a couple of land parcels in South Florida. Again, I think we've made considerable profit in the entitlement [ph] work that we've done down there. And rather than complete that, we decided we think we might just explore going and monetizing that value today. And what I talked about in starting $525 million of starts this year, but just in terms of land acquisitions this year, will be about $42 million -- incremental from this point forward.
David J. Neithercut: I guess no. I think in our markets, we're either seeing, generally seeing, cap rates in our core markets really sort of stabilize. So we've not seen them continue to go down nor are we seeing them reverse. And I think what it sort of suggests then is we just think that absolute value continues to increase, that the absolute price per pound continues to increase.
David J. Neithercut: Well, no. What I'm saying is that if cap rates are staying consistent and bottom lines continuing to grow, then valuation can continue to go up even though cap rates don't continue to compress. So even though cap rates have been fairly stable across our markets for the past 6 months, values have continued to increase because bottom lines have continued to increase.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess we continue to expect, in the next several years, better-than-trend bottom line growth, certainly top line growth. But in every pro forma, we'd expect to sort of trend -- get back to historical levels somewhere in the 2 or 3 years out. But again, I have an expectation that we could continue to run above trend for a while, but we'll get back to what we think trend would be in the marketplace. At least in our pro formas, maybe by year 3.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, this is Fred. That's exactly the point we're making. Looking at the kind of metrics across our portfolio, Denver just kind of popped up. On one hand, it was worrisome in that the -- in its high turnover. It was growing. It was due to rent increases that are due to home purchasing. But then on the revenue side, it's one of the top performers there as well. So we have great rent growth but then also very strong leasing velocity through to this leasing season, high occupancy, low left to lease, and it just continues to grow. So it looks like even though that market has recovered, the single-family is healthy, people are buying homes, there's plenty of demand for our product from our profile, and they're ready, willing and able to lease apartments at the current rents, that continue to grow and refill those vacancies.
Frederick C. Tuomi: I think clearly this year, you're going to see turnover increases over last year. In the last couple of years, it's been kind of low. It will normalize, probably, I would say, probably after next year. But yes, turnover will continue to grow from increased rents and from home buying. And Denver just happens to be an example where we're seeing both at the same time. Other markets with big increases in turnover like San Francisco and Boston, we're not seeing home purchasing. They're too expensive or they're hard to get. And other markets where home buying is picking up, the rents are low and we're not having the increased pressure.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Well, the situation on that, that 17% is the marginal resident. Those are the residents who have moved in. The actual residents who've been there for a few years, we don't have way of keeping up with their income after they moved in. So I think a lot of the turnover you're seeing now because of rents are being too expensive. One of them is just really just the reaction to 2 or 3 years in a row of big rent increases. Then the other is during the downturn, when rents were down 10%, 15%, 20%, a lot of people were able to afford a nicer apartment at the same rent. So as that rent recovers back to a normal basis, they either are going to choose to or not be able to pay that rent, and they will just go to a less costly housing alternative.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, it's not the entire install base, correct. Because, someone who's living there 5 years. We have their income as of 5 years ago. We don't have recertification of income each year.
Frederick C. Tuomi: No. We've not been in Chicago for quite some time, and we've not been in Vegas for quite some time. But I think that you should continue to expect our investment activity to track very closely to what you've seen us do over the past half a dozen years. We think that focus has served us well and notwithstanding the fact that we may be getting better going-in cap rates in some of those markets today. We think those are more trading markets, and it's difficult for us to kind of play that game. We think our total return will be better achieved in the markets that we've been focused on.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Well, I guess it's in aberration because we haven't done it in quite some time. And frankly, I've been surprised about that. But this was just a situation with a family selling an asset that they had owned for many, many years for tax planning purposes. Taking OP units made sense for them. But I have expected for some time, and I have been wrong, frankly, in this expectation, that the OP units would be a security that we use in more acquisitions. But so far, I've been surprised that we haven't. But I would have an expectation, particularly in a rising tax rate environment, that we could see more OP unit issuances. And frankly, I've been surprised that we've seen so little thus far.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Okay. For, let's see, August, we ask 6.8, got a 5.2; September, we asked a 7, and we'll probably achieve north of 5. In October, it's really kind of early to talk about October, but we're going to probably quote in the high 6s and probably get in the low 5s, I would say. So too early for that. Just a few have been put out so far.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, Jana, this is Fred, Fred Tuomi. D.C., kind of as reported in the first quarter, continues to surprise us on the upside. I mean, we had lower expectations. We thought things would be moderating consistently and maybe a little bit faster by this point of the year. And good news is, it's not. I mean, we're 96.8% occupied in D.C. today, 8% left to lease. Rents are up from the beginning of the year over 10%. And they're about 4% year-over-year right now, and renewal is at 4.5%. So we're in a very healthy state right now in D.C., and we kind of cover all the good submarkets there. Now I'm still concerned because of 2 things. One is just the job picture there. In the moment, the jobs are great. I mean, we still have job growth last year and this year. Unemployment is at 5.3%. That tells you something about the federal government. They're going to take care of themselves. So it's looking very good. Demand is high. Labor market is still growing, although there's still a lot of uncertainty and anxiety about what's coming next. But that shoe has not started to fall yet. So in -- well, with respect to supply that we kind of worry about it. We know it. So there's significant supply coming in D.C. Everybody knows that, 8,000 units this year, 10,000 in 2013. And then the pipeline shows, if everything gets delivered, which it won't, you could have about another 10,000 coming in, in 2014. And most of that is clustered in the good areas, Mt. Vernon Triangle, NoMa, Silver Spring, RBC Corridor [ph], Carlyle, et cetera. Very competitive with our portfolio. So today, what we're seeing, which is encouraging on this, the leading edge of the supply wave is coming at us right there in the district. We've got several high-profile lease-ups, but they're doing extremely well. Those lease-ups in the Mt. Vernon, NoMa markets are doing 40 units a month, each, of absorption. That's very strong. So the absorption -- D.C. has always proven to be able to absorb a lot of units quickly. So if we don't see a big reduction in government employment, a big reduction in defense employment, I think we could moderate through these next couple of years with very little disruption and through strong absorption. But time will tell. So far so good, I would say.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Rich, this is Fred. A #1 reason for move out is people's job situation changes, job change, job transfer. And that continues to be #1.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, this is Fred. I'll add that just from a feedback from our site people, it's not even in our radar. You never hear about it. And in the markets where you think you would like Orlando, Atlanta, Phoenix, Inland Empire, San Fernando Valley area, perhaps. If it comes up in conversations at all, it would only be 3 bedrooms. That segment that is a very small piece of our unit base.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, I think I heard that. Just talking about the expectations of job growth has moderated. And I'm sure everybody gets the same or similar economic reports. And overall, the expected job growth for 2012 has been reduced in many markets. But most of all, it's been shifted into 2013, so the 2-year total is very close to the same. But you have to look at it market by market and really kind of core area by core area. And some good -- for example, New York. New York had -- lately has been a job production machine. I mean, that was revised dramatically up, not sideways or down. And in fact, New York, New York City is back above its peak employment of several years ago and back above peak population, right there in Manhattan. So other markets, San Francisco, very strong on the job front. Boston is very strong on the job front. We had good revisions up. Other markets like maybe -- I think it was L.A., revised down. Orange County, revised down but still positive. So it's a mix. You really have to look at it market by market. But we are blessed with the portfolio that is heavily weighted on the economic centers that continue to produce jobs and employ people who are college-educated in the urban core who want a rental lifestyle that we deliver. So it's really kind of on that basis versus the macro overall global or U.S. economy.
David S. Santee: This is David Santee. And the first obvious answer is, I mean, it works the same day in and day out, whether it's an up market or a down market. I think it's more about what levers we decide to pull, how much we decide to intervene from a strategic position. We have executive level reviews, myself, Fred, a couple of other folks every other week. And that's where we kind of determine what levers we want to pull to achieve specific goals in specific markets. So I would say that historically, we have intervened more and being aggressive with the rate increases that LRO has put out. And I would say that at this stage of the game, we're probably letting LRO run more independently and letting it address the various markets.
David S. Santee: Well, I guess what I would tell you is, is that foot traffic has remained fairly constant. It was up 5% in Q1. Again, it was up 5% in Q2 over last year. The difference is really the outcome of that traffic, whereas in Q2, we saw a result of 7% more applicants. And then those 7% more applicants turned into 9% more move-ins. So that's how the numbers work for Q2.
David S. Santee: Well, I would say that there's just a natural seasonality in our business. A large percentage of our leases don't make it to term, people get transferred, what have you. And when that happens in Q4, so to speak, you're throwing unexpected supply into the market. And your less sophisticated operators, people that don't have LRO, smaller operators, they're just going to kind of turn to the concession or drop rate because perhaps their ownership structure just requires a higher occupancy, which really just puts a whole pressure on the market. And so I would say that every year, since we've been operating LRO, we've seen that seasonality and that seasonal softness, and so it's really just a matter of to what degree that impacts our business in Q4. Obviously, we want to be in a position, especially in the northern markets, Boston, New York, where people just don't choose to move. People that are moving in those markets in Q4, Q1. Those are people that have to move for some reason or another.
David S. Santee: Just a little color on -- all of these are not due to rent increases. I mean, some of this is a result of life changes with people. If you remember, we talked about we only measure people's income when they move in. So I mean, when we see this activity spike in a market, most of you know we go right down to the transaction level, and we can see that, yes, someone did get an increase, but it was a 2% increase. But their life circumstances just changed and perhaps they had -- got a new job in the last 2 years that doesn't pay as much. So this isn't all about rent increases. It's probably 50-50 about changes in their life circumstances.
David S. Santee: Well, I guess I would first start by saying that half of our apartments are really occupied by one person. So it's not like a lot of families are flocking to our communities. I mean, we -- our supply of 3 bedrooms are very minimal across the portfolio. And as we continue to shift to our core markets, the percentage of studios and smaller one-bedrooms really don't accommodate families. On the credit side, again, much of this could have to do with our portfolio shift. But we continue to see the percentage of people with credit scores above 720 increase each and every quarter. And then those folks below 500, that number is decreasing. So it's definitely a sign. It coincides with what we're saying in that we have good, qualified residents coming to backfill those that are moving out. They have higher incomes. They have higher credit scores. And that's the goal that we're trying to accomplish.
David S. Santee: Well, our typical lease term, probably 87% of our leases are 12-month leases. In New York, we have a larger percentage of 24-month leases as those are required by law. And then really all the rest are just a function of how LRO prices. I mean, there could be some days where a 10-month lease is less than a 12-month lease. But the bulk of our targeted leases are 12 months. As far as people staying with us, we continue -- even with the turnover, we continue to see our average length of stay increase. So in Q1, our average stay was 1.8 years. That's what it had been in the previous 2 or 3 quarters, I believe. And then in Q2, we saw that inch up to 1.9 years.
David S. Santee: This is David. Turnover, all of our L&A spend for the most part is Internet-driven. So I'm to the point where I kind of look at that as a fixed cost. And then our turnover, the actual painting, the cleaning, the shampooing of carpets, what have you, I mean, that averages $234 of move-out in our portfolio. So even though we do see increased turnover, the impact on expenses ends up being very, very minimal.
Mark J. Parrell: Okay. Like the new lease replacement rent? Yes, basically, the way we look at that is the most important thing to look at is what are your base rents doing? What are you getting on new people coming in? And like I mentioned, we're still going to average 5.5% for the year. We are at 6.5% for Q1 and about 4% in Q2, and we are at 4.2% today, and which matches up with the peak of last year. And because we price pretty much at the market, that's really what we look for. So we're at 5.5% for the year, 6.5% first half, 4% right now, and that might grow up a little bit through the end of third quarter. So that's really what you're going to see it grow to. That actual statistic, it moves around a lot. We've talked about that before. There's a lot of noise in that actual measurement. So really, we like to look at just what are the base rents doing, and you're going to -- right now, we're at the 4% range.
Mark J. Parrell: That's 4.2% right now, this week. It was 4% for the quarter. And I think Q2, we're at 4.2% today. So basically, in theory, if someone moved in exactly last year and paid market rent and they moved in, they moved out and somebody moves in, that same apartment, identical apartment, at the same point now a year later, you're going to see a gain of 4.2%. But noise in that number comes if they're different units, different unit types, different lease terms, different amenities on the units. There's lots of other noises in that statistic.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, we expect some dropoff in the fourth quarter. As David just mentioned, there's definite seasonality to this business. Right now in the moment, in this leasing season, things are a little bit hotter than we kind of expected, but it's not over yet. So we're, like I said, we're 96% right now, 7% forward exposure, very healthy numbers. So could that number be higher? Yes, it could, it could be. But we're not going to let it get too high because we're going to -- our bias -- and our company is biased towards rate versus occupancy. So we're not going to -- you're not going to see us kind of post these big, giant occupancy numbers over a long period of time. So could it be more than 95.2% for the year? Yes. Will it be significantly more? No because we’re going to crank up rates to manage it.
Mark J. Parrell: Your question has both sort of long-term and near-term aspects to it. But the near term aspects to it are we left our CapEx guidance alone on Page 22. And we expect to spend $1,225 a unit all-in, and we spent about $1,200 last year in that the same area. And certainly, these are higher-touch properties we're purchasing, and our residents have a very high expectation of us, consistent with their higher rent. But I'll also point out that a lot of these high rises operate very differently than our garden-style apartments in terms of the kind of capital we spend money on. And the rent ticket is just so much higher that CapEx as a percentage isn't necessarily going up.
