David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We're extremely pleased to have delivered normalized FFO for the first quarter of $0.71 a share, and that's an amount that's near the high end of our previously provided guidance range, and one that represents an increase of nearly 11% over the first quarter of last year. For the first quarter of '14, our same-store revenue, which includes nearly 18,500 Archstone units, grew 4% over the first quarter of last year, which was slightly better than our original expectations. And it is no surprise that San Francisco, Denver and Seattle continue to lead the way, with Washington, D.C., bringing up the rear by a very wide margin. Fundamentals in the business remain favorable. David Santee will go into more specific market-level detail in just a moment. But from a portfolio-wide perspective, current occupancy is 95.9%. And through the first 4 months of the year, we've achieved average renewal increases in excess of 5%, a level we expect to achieve in the coming months as well. So we're confident that we are well positioned as we approach our primary leasing season, and I can assure you that our teams across the country are eager and very well prepared to maximize revenue during this very important time of the year. So now I'll turn the call over to David, who will take you through what we're seeing across our specific markets today and how things are setting up for the summer leasing season.
David J. Neithercut: Terrific. Thank you, David. Just a little bit now on transaction and development before we open the call to questions. For the first time in nearly a year, we acquired a one-off asset in the first quarter '14 in Los Angeles, where we bought a 430-unit project built in 2008 near LAX. The deal was acquired for $143 million at a cap rate of 4.9%. You'll recall that we exceeded our original disposition guidance in 2013, when we opportunistically sold a 1,400-unit asset in San Diego late in the year for $366 million and a cap rate in the mid-5s. Now in addition to lower annual sales volumes going forward, that sale and this acquisition are examples of the type of transaction activity you should expect from us. The sale of older, surface-parked properties in our core markets, but more suburban in nature, with proceeds reinvested in higher-density, more urban assets at a much narrower cap rate spread than it's been [ph] in recent years, in this case, about 70 basis points. The development team continues to be extremely busy with an elevated level of activity, thanks to our legacy land inventory and the Archstone land sites that we acquired in 2013. During the first quarter of this year, we completed construction in 5 projects, 1,290 units, with a total development cost of $370 million. Now we expect to achieve yields from 6% to 7% on current market rents, inclusive of management costs, on those transactions. During the first quarter, we also started 3 new projects, 1,145 units and a total project cost of $614 million, and we project yields of mid-4 to mid-5 on current market rents on those starts. So with the starts in the first quarter, that leaves us today with 9 land sites in inventory that we expect to develop soon, representing a pipeline of just over 2,500 units in terrific urban locations in our core markets, with a development cost of approximately $1.1 billion. And of this current inventory, we expect to begin construction on several hundred million more yet this year with the balance to begin in 2015. And with that, Camille, we'll be happy to open the call to questions.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess we identified this asset in a higher density kind of urban location. We think we bought at a favorable price. I'm not sure the deal was heavily marketed. And we were able to just plug it into our platform there in L.A. and run it very efficiently. As I say, we bought it at about a 4.9% cap. We think that year 2 could be in the mid-5s. And it's just a nice complement to our existing portfolio.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I don't think rents are you going flat, if that's the question. I mean David commented about L.A. We think Southern California is beginning to show improvement, and we think it'll be a very solid, long-term deal, and it'll be very strong, high-single-digit IRR for us.
David J. Neithercut: And Michael, it's David Neithercut. Just to make one clarification here. The increase in the fees really came from the Archstone portfolio, where a lot of -- in which we collected more in the first quarter under our ownership than they had collected in the first quarter under their ownership. So I just want to make sure it was clear that these -- it wasn't kind of -- increased fees across the board, but rather a significant increase in those collected as a result of plugging their assets onto our platform.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess that process is the result of the investment professionals and the management professionals we've got in each one of these core markets, that really do bird-dog this process extensively and are aware very specifically of the sites and the activity and what to expect. So that's simply what is being -- permits being pulled. But they have a very good sense as to the real activity that they expect to see happen. So that kind of creates our view of our expectation that deliveries will -- should be down. And also, as we look at, again, what's happening on the demand side and the continued expectation for household formations in these markets gives us the view that things will be back in balance as early as next year.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess I'm not sure that I'm hearing that specifically, as this process that we went through recently in preparation for this call led us to really no changes from the last time we went through that process.
David J. Neithercut: I don't think that comes with any compensation, so I won't honor it. To answer the question, Ross, we think that bill is very favorable. This is the bill that's now being considered by the banking committee, the multi-family. We think it preserves many of the best aspects of the existing system and will provide a great deal of liquidity in good times and bad for the sector. In terms of probabilities, what we're sort of hearing is that it's increasingly less likely that anything will happen this next month or so. And if that's the case, then with the election, in a lot of respects, right around the corner, that means nothing will happen in this Congress, and it'll all be deferred. So our best guess is that nothing will occur. But certainly, that's subject to change. And they're working on the markup, as we understand it, right now. So certainly subject to change.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess I'll just say that Sam is making more sort of points than making very specific declarations about levels. I -- he believes that there is no reason why the homeownership rate needs to stay back at this historical level of 64%, as a result of just sort of changing demographics and preferences and delayed marriage, et cetera, et cetera. Now whether it's 55 or not, you're absolutely right, that's a very bold statement, and I think he's trying to be provocative. But he certainly is trying to make a point about, that at least for this demographic that rents a significant percentage of our apartments, they are staying with us longer and we expect them to be in the -- rental housing occupants much later, as they do delay marriage, as they enjoy the lifestyle we provide in these high-density urban markets.
David J. Neithercut: Look, we like our assets in New York. We think we're very well positioned, and we're certainly keeping an eye on what's happening there. And who knows what it might provoke us to do, but we haven't done anything at this time.
David J. Neithercut: Well, it's by the Lincoln Tunnel. And those rights were against an easement, and there was a subdivision of a neighboring parcel, which gave us some more rights. But that's a property we own near the Lincoln Tunnel.
David J. Neithercut: It will be some time before that's a start. That is not one of the transactions that's included in our expectations for '14 and '15.
David J. Neithercut: We did reference by footnote in our 2013 statements, Jana, the impact of the garage being down. And we're now just being -- trying to be consistent by showing you exactly what the positive benefit was of the garage, bringing it back online.
David J. Neithercut: I guess that remains to be seen. I will tell you that we are beginning to see a reasonable increase in potential activity on the acquisition side. I will tell you that, that seems to be very aggressive in price. So there remains to be seen what activity we'll have in pursuit of some of those opportunities. But the disposition activity will be a function of the kind of reinvestment opportunities that we find. So it's hard for me to answer that question, Alex, except to tell you that we are seeing potentially more assets being offered in the marketplace that we'd be happy to own. It's just a question whether or not pricing makes sense for us relative to the dispositions that we'd incur in order to fund that.
David J. Neithercut: That's correct. We've discussed on multiple calls. Now, really, our acquisition activity will be funded by the disposition activity. And following the $4-plus billion of product that we sold last year, we're not in any hurry, have no immediate need to sell anything. It'll just be a function of the reinvestment opportunity.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess I'll tell you that our expectations or our planning, our budgeting for any one given year doesn't start with a sort of big macro view on single-family housing. It's really just looking at each individual asset, each individual submarket and what we think is going on in that market. So the fact that fewer people are moving out of our apartments to buy single-family homes really doesn't surprise us much. Nearly 50% of our units are occupied by a single individual. I mean, that's just -- we just don't have in our properties sort of the most common demographic that would be buying single-family homes, that of 2 adults and a child. I mean, that represents about 9% of our units. So I guess, what's really going on in the greater housing market -- and I'll also tell you what's going on in the housing market in Atlanta, in Phoenix, in Las Vegas doesn't really concern us. So as we look at the individual markets in which we've been concentrated and we've been focused, we're not terribly surprised to see the numbers that we're seeing.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess I'm not quite sure why it matters, Mike. I mean, we do have identified the assets that we would sell. And so in order to make those ready to go we've got brokers' opinions of values. We're prepared. But in terms of actively marketing, there's not a great deal. We don't have a large number of assets that are being actively marketed out there. But we know which ones they would be, and we'd be able to get them to the market very quickly if we felt like we needed to or wanted to.
David J. Neithercut: Well, thank you, all, very much for your time and attention today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the NAREIT meeting next month. Thanks so much.
David S. Santee: I think we're managing lease expirations. We're being intentional in trying to mitigate the volatility that we see in Q4 and Q1. So I mean, like I said, one of the biggest benefits is just significantly fewer homebuyers, and then just a tendency for people to stay put.
David S. Santee: No, I think we -- I don't find the home buying surprising. We saw turnover drop pretty dramatically in Q4, and we had hoped that would continue through Q1, and it did.
David S. Santee: So I think the best way to say this is that the Archstone portfolio is performing as we expected relative to our underwriting in the various submarkets. So head to head, when we have a couple of Archstone properties in Chelsea and we have our legacy properties in Chelsea, those properties perform very similar. When you start looking at market dynamics, there are anomalies that kind of create some differences, but we know what those are. So head to head, they perform as expected and very similar.
David S. Santee: So historically, our spread has always been in the neighborhood of 180 to 200 basis points. And that's where it stands today. Some markets are a little tighter. But rarely do markets exceed 200 basis points.
David S. Santee: Yes, I guess I would say, it's probably a bit of all of that. But I would tell you that when we look -- let's talk about the renewals, the percent of residents renewing. We see that across almost all of our markets. It's not just a Archstone-related thing or a new portfolio. I mean, Seattle, we added 3 Archstone properties, virtually 0 impact on our overall staff. So I think there was some of that. On the other side of lower turnover, in raw terms, let's talk -- it was about 700 move-outs for the quarter. Consequently, we had 700 less move-ins than we had last year. So it becomes a little murky because when you get up to 96% occupancy, you start having availability issues. But could the weather have played a role in that? Certainly, it could've. But I don't know how we would measure that.
David S. Santee: And then also, Dave, we're talking about deliveries of apartments. And when -- the permit numbers are generally anything 5-plus units. That could include college dorms. It could include senior housing. It could include any type of dwelling that would house 5 or plus more units. But like David said, I mean, we use our BI platform. We update it every quarter. We recently made a 1,500-unit adjustment to deliveries in D.C. next year. So I don't know that there's a one-to-one correlation on permits versus deliveries in '15.
David S. Santee: Well, I mean, when we look at our resident makeup, we still have 51% of our New York units occupied by one person. So that goes to more unit makeup, so to speak. Also, when you -- what really doesn't get talked about much is just the level of new development. And there has been a lot, quite a bit, of new development in New York City, all at the very high end of the range. So I think with the -- just the lack of growth in the higher-paying jobs, you have significant deliveries in the luxury Class AAA apartment market. You have other neighborhoods, like Brooklyn, Williamsburg, that were, at one time in the past year, deemed more affordable. Now those rates are approaching New York-type rates. I think there's just been this movement around that's kind of just put a temporary ceiling on rents. So I hope that answers your question.
David S. Santee: Yes, and I think it's more -- when you just look at the different neighborhoods in town, I think that's very telling, to some degree. I mean, the Upper West Side has been a little soft for us. But Williamsburg, Brooklyn, those are doing plus 8%, 9% revenue growth. So -- but even in midtown, Upper West Side, we have all different types of quality and price points available, with our Parc Cameron, Parc Coliseum assets. You have Trump. You have 101 West. All those assets have various price points that could really fit or meet the needs of any renter [ph], I think.
David S. Santee: Yes, the 3% is really just the net effective base rents that come out of LRO average for the whole portfolio. The actual checkbook number, like every year, tends to be pretty flat because you're renting apartments at the lowest point in the cycle. You have folks breaking leases that rented in the summer. And so when you turn that lease, you're operating at a negative gain to the previous lease amount. So that number, really, for the last 7 years, has always pretty much been 0 to very minimal growth in Q1.
David S. Santee: Yes, no real change. I don't like to quote that number because I just don't think it's representative of the direction that the business is going. It's just a anomaly that occurs in our business cycle.
David S. Santee: I couldn't give you any specific rates at the submarket level today. But I can tell you that in the financial district, where our 600 Washington community is, you have probably 3 or 4 lease-ups in that immediate area. That's probably the most impactful. When you go over to West End, where we have our large West End, Charles River Park, Emerson over by the Garden, we're doing extremely well. 6%, 5%, 6% revenue growth. Cambridge is doing well. And I think if you take the numbers that I gave you, those are pretty representative of the entire market, other than the financial district where you have a lot of high-end luxury communities coming online pretty much all at the same time putting pressure on the immediate comps.
David S. Santee: D.C? I guess I would say, late last year, I said that D.C., at best, would not go negative until Q2. And would it have not been for a lower occupancy in Q1, we probably would have ended the quarter flat. So other than being lower occupied, rates did exactly what they thought, and we just achieved -- arrived at minus 50 basis points about 2 months earlier than expected.
David S. Santee: Well, like I said in my comments, when we look at our -- when we look at the markets, there's varying degrees of levels of deliveries in some of the submarkets, the R-B, Rosslyn-Ballston corridor has seen a lot of deliveries in the last couple of years. They will continue to have deliveries. But yet, on a year-over-year revenue basis, revenue growth basis, that market is doing better than we expected. Alexandria, South Arlington, the further you get away from downtown D.C., it seems to be more problematic, but you also have equal amounts of new product coming online there as well.
Mark J. Parrell: It's Mark Parrell, just answering the question. But just a little bit of context on utilities for us and the RUBS income, which is the sort of contra to that -- which is the number in our revenue. 75% of the RUBS income we have is water, sewer and trash, which does have energy-related components, but it's not a direct kind of item that's hit by an energy cost change. So what we did, as David Santee mentioned, when we plugged all these new acquisition properties into our system, was also to plug it into our RUB system. So sequentially, the 0.5% revenue increase we reported was unchanged of RUBS. So if you had taken RUBS out, you still would have had 0.5%. Quarter-over-quarter, it was a 19 basis point improvement, so benefit to our numbers. And again, that's because of this, I think, permanent plugging in of these acquisition assets into our system and better utilization of it and better acceptance by residents of these charges being part of their responsibility.
Mark J. Parrell: That's really -- it's Mark Parrell again. And that's really the garage, Jana. We have a garage near the Boston Garden. And depending on the sort of ups and downs of the Boston sports teams. And also, we did some substantial rehab at that garage that closed it down in part during 2013. So this benefit will exist in Q1 and Q2, and will get smaller through the year.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. So we really put that, Mike, both in February and now, the bond offering, in the third quarter, just for purposes of your modeling. And we've got something like a 4% rate on that. I think we would do better in the 10-year market by 20 basis points or so than that 4% number. And we also have hedges that have a positive mark that would also lower the rate further. But we're going to be flexible and opportunistic that may occur a little earlier, may occur a little later, it may not be an unsecured offering. So -- but right now, to answer your question about pricing, the secured market is worse, probably by at least 0.125% and probably 0.25%. So again, I think EQR could borrow at 3.80% on a 10-year basis or so in the unsecured market -- or 3.65%, pardon me, and 3.80% in the secured market. So I do think the unsecured market is probably a little more favorable to us at the moment.
