David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us for our call today. As reported in last night's earnings release, our teams across the country continue to do a really great job, achieving 4.9% growth in same-store revenue in the second quarter, and 5% same-store revenue growth for the first half of the year. This strong performance was driven primarily by increases in rental rate, and the continuation of increased occupancy levels first experienced toward the end of last year. There's no doubt that we continue to enjoy very strong apartment demand across our core markets, despite elevated levels of new supply. This demand's being driven by the powerful combination of favorable demographics, an improving economy and good job growth, which create new households and millennials to have a high propensity to rent housing, and wish to do so in 24/7 cities across the country that have very high costs of single family home ownership. So in a nutshell, business remains very, very good. We're pleased with how our primary leasing season unfolded. We're pleased with our results year-to-date, and our outlook for the year. We're pleased with what we're seeing in the markets in which we operate, and with the assets we own in those markets. And we're extremely confident that fundamentals will continue to deliver above trend performance for many years to come. So to discuss a bit more about our markets, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Operating Officer, David Santee.
David Neithercut: Thanks, David. On the transaction side, we were able to acquire one asset in the second quarter, which remains the only asset acquired in the first half of the year, and remains so year-to-date. We briefly mentioned this acquisition in the first quarter call, which was a 202-unit apartment property in Boston that we acquired for $131 million at a low 4 cap rate.  I've mentioned on several of our recent calls just how difficult it is for us to acquire assets today, given the very strong bid for multifamily assets from many different segments of the investment community. As a result, we've reduced our expectations for acquisitions this year to $350 million.  Obviously, with only $131 million of acquisitions in the first half of the year, this means we will have to find another $220 million of deals before the year is up, and I'll have to admit that they're not on our radar at the present time. So we've got our work cut out for us for the balance of the year to achieve that goal. On the disposition side, we did sell three residential assets in the second quarter, along with the medical office building in Boston.  The three multi-family assets were all in Orlando, and represented our last remaining assets there, so we have now totally exited that marketplace. These assets averaged 14 years of age, and were sold at a weighted average cap rate of 6%, and unleveraged weighted average IRR of 8.7% inclusive of indirect management costs. We calculate the weighted average buyer cap rate at about 5.4% on those purchases.  As discussed also on our most recent call, in the second quarter we sold a 41-year-old, 193,000 square foot medical office building in Boston for $123.5 million or $639 per square foot and a mid-4% cap rate. Located next to Mass General, this asset was acquired as part of our Charles River Park investment 16 years ago. And with the current demand for healthcare assets, we saw great opportunity to dispose of it, and trade into the recently completed multifamily property in Boston, with far more upside in both earnings and NAV growth going forward. Disposition guidance for the year has been reduced modestly to $450 million, and so there's no misunderstanding, the medical office building sale is included in this number. This means that we expect to sell less than $100 million over the remainder of the year. We're currently under contract to hit this number, and our disposition guidance will likely change only if we can find more opportunity to reinvest disposition proceeds, which as I noted previously will be a tough task given the competition for assets today. In the quarter, we commenced construction on one small development project in Washington, DC, where we're building 174 units for $73.2 million at an expected yield on cost at today's rents in the mid 5%s. This deal is in the Mt. Vernon triangle market directly across the street from our 425 Mass Avenue property, and will be delivered in the second half of 2017, which we think will be a very good time to bring new product to the marketplace. This start brings year-to-date starts to $377 million, with the potential to start as much as [$460 million] of new developments for the full year. Similar to the acquisition market, there's a lot of capital chasing development opportunities, and land pricing has increased significantly. As a result, and as noted in our last call, we're not acquiring land for new development at the same rate we're commencing construction on existing sites held in inventory. So in addition to a reduction in starts this year, we would also expect starts in future years to be down to levels seen over the last several years. We're also very pleased to have completed our new development on Manhattan's upper west side at Amsterdam and 68th Street in the second quarter. Hopefully, many of you saw this asset in June when we hosted tours during the NAREIT meetings. And we [indiscernible] showed -- showed on our cover of last night's earnings release. Like most assets priced several years ago and coming online in the current marketplace, we're seeing strong absorption, at rent levels at or above our original expectations, and we currently expect this asset to stabilize in the low 7%s. So I'll now turn the call over to Mark Parrell.
David Neithercut: I'm fascinated at this interest of the investment community, Nick, in what happened over the last 90 days. We remain quite convinced that -- and I think history has demonstrated quite clearly, that over extended time periods, the higher density urban markets have outperformed the suburbs. And when we think about performance, we mean about overall total return.  So from time to time, will different assets or different sub markets quote, unquote, outperform just in terms of rental growth? I suppose. But I think, over an extended time period, I think the total return on the higher density assets will do better. I think history has quite clearly demonstrated that. 
David Neithercut: When those deals were conceived in San Francisco and Seattle, air conditioning was not really considered to be necessary for that type of product. But as more product has been brought to market there, and the expectations of luxury product have changed modestly, we came to the decision that we should add air conditioning. And was better to do so now under construction, than wait until these assets were completed. We think we'll get enhanced rents for having done so, but at the end of the day we think that they will modestly decrease the sort of stabilized returns, but believe over the long term hold, and over an extended total return on these investments that we'll at least break-even on that incremental investment or do better on it.  Because we think it's the right thing to do in those marketplaces today, that those residents of those markets have an expectation of that air conditioning, and that was something for us to do. So we believe we'll get an increased rent. It'll be modestly, just a few basis points dilutive on a stabilized basis, but we think it will be long-term accretive for the asset. 
David Neithercut: Well, generally those deals are in the 5s and 6s. So it would just be a few basis points off of those levels. 
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, you can read into them what you care to read into them. I think in my quote, in the press release, my comments today, David's comments, we all feel very bullish, continue to be very bullish on the overall demand for housing, particularly in the high density 24/7 urban markets in which we've been focused. The demographic picture is very powerful. The job picture very good. We expect supply to be down in 2016, over 2015. So you can read into that, and we think 2016 which should be a very good year.
David Neithercut: Yes, we think that that was -- probably become probably our best asset in Boston. We believe that the lease-up by the seller had not been done ideally. We had the opportunity to maybe fix that a little bit. But we also looked at it as a trade if you will, with the sale of the medical office building also in Boston. And by trading the one for a mid-4%, and buying the other at a low 4%, it was a good trade and a good capital allocation decision. Assets today are trading in low 4%s, and 3%s in many instances in some markets. And we're just not -- we are finding other people being far more aggressive in acquiring those assets, and frankly, we just think every single day away from us, people are demonstrating the value of our portfolio, and demonstrating the true NAV of our Company. And that's okay.
David Neithercut: Well, we think that -- we're building at 5%s and 6%s in markets, that trades in the 3%s and 4%s. So we're fine with that. I think what you're seeing our actions today, is unwillingness to continue to buy new land sites at prices today, in which we believe development yields are in the 4%s. So we're comfortable in the 5%s and 6%s, again for the high density sort of urban locations that we've been focused on. So you'll see us continue to work through our existing land inventory, but you will see us, not likely adding a lot of new land at this pricing.
David Neithercut: Sure. I mean, starts in 2015 are not going to result in deliveries in 2016. So as we look at 2016, we see -- and again, let me just sort of be clear. We're focusing on our markets only, and we track projects of 100 units or more, or even smaller within close proximity to our existing assets across our markets. Many of you have toured each of our properties over the years, and have met the professional teams we've got across these markets that are tracking this for us. We're currently tracking more than 1,700 units across all these markets. So as we track what will be delivered in 2016 in the markets that we're focused on, we believe could be competitive to our own product, we're seeing a significant reduction in new deliveries. And as we look at what is either under construction for 2017 delivery, and what we think could yet be started that could be delivered in 2017, we see levels around 2016 or a modest increase to that. So again, still well below the 2015s. Now, beyond that, who knows? We certainly are cognizant of some of those statistics that have been reported about permits, and we question how many of those will turn into starts. We note in Brooklyn, for instance, there was an elevated level of permits. But it was on so many projects, that the average unit per property was about 50 units, and disbursed over the entire borough of Brooklyn. We're not quite sure how impactful that will be on some of our properties. So we're watching the stuff. And we'll be cautious about 2017 and 2018, but as we look at 2016 we see, again a meaningful reduction across our markets. And again, as we mentioned, continued very strong demand.
David Neithercut: I think the Board thinks about all these things. I think we've been very good stewards of capital, and very good capital allocators, and we'll be discussing all those things. And again, a reduction in acquisition activity by us, or a reduction in land take-downs and development is not an indication in any way of our belief that fundamentals aren't going to remain very strong for years to come. It's just pricing has got very expensive, and yields very low. We're happy with what we own, and don't believe we need to buy assets at these prices. And to your point, we'll consider lots of different options for capital allocation, given those dynamics.
David Neithercut: I would tell you no. As we -- and we've done a lot of work in looking at what's going on in -- across other markets that we don't currently operate in. And we just find that they don't stream well on all the important sort of things that we want to consider. Probably one of them, which is the most damming if you will is, the cost of single family homes as a multiple of income. There are markets in the country, Chicago, Minneapolis, others in which there's some very solid 24/7 cities, very exciting things happening in these cities, with millennial growth downtown, et cetera, et cetera. But as you look at single family home price as a multiple of income, they become very challenging to think of those being good long-term, and I want to stress long-term investment markets. I'm not suggesting you can't make money in those markets but I think one must do so with more of a trading mentality, and less of a long-term market. So we're focused on where we're at, and have no intention at the present time of deviating from that.
David Neithercut: Absolutely. Anything that was priced a few years ago, land priced a few years ago, construction costs locked in a few years ago, are outperforming one's original expectation. I think that sort of almost goes without saying, but it just becomes more and more difficult, as pricing gets more costly. So certainly, anything being delivered today is at least achieving your expectations. Certainly, it's exceeding your expectations on market rents, at the time in which you underwrote it, and commenced construction. So we're very pleased with what we've got in the pipeline. I think we made a lot of money on that pipeline. The question is for us, is at what price or what cost you continue to probably reload that pipeline, and we've decided to take our foot off the gas.
David Neithercut: Well, you're just -- well, I mean, by definition, yields are coming down. So you're having costs go up more quickly than rental rates. The product that we delivered, or started coming out of the recession is delivering 8%, 9%. And then several years after that we're sort of delivering 7s and 6s, and then 5s and 6s. And I said I think the product that we'd look at starting today, at pricing that we see coming to the market would be in the 4s. And so, we've made a lot of money on the product that we have already started, and have delivered or will deliver soon. But we've just elected not to start construction on projects today that we think would have yields of today's rents in the 4s.
David Neithercut: We're not about protecting market share. We'll leave that to the automobile business. We do have a land site in LA, a terrific land site in LA, that we could start sometime in 2016. But we do like downtown. It's really one of the best-performing sort of markets. There is new supply there, but that new supply brings more density, and brings more restaurants and more things to do. I mean, it's kind of a self-fulfilling sort of cycle. We like downtown and we look forward to working on the project that -- the land site we already own in downtown LA that could start construction soon.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, you marry it, Alex, by just being happy that you're long, right? This pricing is -- it may be difficult for us to rationalize new investments, but it just validates everything we've been doing over the last 10 years. So when you're already long, this is a high class problem, right? Is it possible that with these elevated new deliveries, there will be opportunities to buy assets at prices that make sense relative to taking construction risk? Perhaps. We don't have to buy. We don't have to develop in order to kind of create value. I think the single biggest value creating tool we've got is David Santee, and his teams across the country. They have delivered unbelievable bottom line results for us, and have created enormous value out of the existing portfolio. So we admit that we continue to have assets that we rather sell, we'd like to sell if we could. But it's only if we can find the reinvestment opportunity for those assets. Absent those opportunities, we're happy to sort of sit tight, and operate what we have. We acknowledge that doing so is modestly more dilutive this year, than what we had originally forecasted. But we're quite content to allocate capital in the best way we sort of see fit, the opportunities present themselves. And with George and his team, I tell you they turn over every bush and rock, and beating every bush looking for a product, and remain optimistic that we will find stuff we can buy this year, at a little better yield, by maybe taking on some risk that we can uniquely manage, and we'll be comfortable managing. We'll see. Not the first time in our history. It's probably the sixth time or so in our 20 some odd year history, in which we've had relatively little transaction activity. And I guess, I'll tell you, that at the end of those lulls, we've always come back strong, and have created a lot of value in doing so. So we don't worry about marrying these things. It is what it is, and we're quite comfortable with our plan, and think that there will be opportunities down the road, and we'll patiently wait for them.
David Neithercut: I guess, we don't -- first of all, we don't manage to occupancy. We manage to an acceptable level of inventory to coming at it. We have, as we discussed before, we did a lot of work on moving a lot of the Archstone expirations that were kind of out of whack. So on average, we moved probably 32% of our leases from January through May, into June, July, August, so where the rents are higher. I mean, at 300 affordability move-outs across 400 properties across three months, I don't see any major concern there. A lot of that remains in San Francisco, where rents are still -- renewals are still double-digit. But as I said, there's just a long line waiting at the door to backfill those. As long as that's the case, we're not concerned.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, the acquisitions are funded by dispositions. And so these are trades for us, and we're just unwilling to make the trade. And again, it just validates, I think that the value in our portfolio, and validates everything we've done to reposition this portfolio over the last 10 or so years. So if pricing is very aggressive in the urban core assets we'd like to own, we're already long in those markets and that's a good thing. We're just not willing to make the trade of the assets we want to sell for the relative value pricing of the assets that people are buying today. We think that that could become more attractive as -- based upon the elevated -- the new supply that we talked about a little bit. There may be more attractive trading opportunities for us a little bit down the road. But again, the fact that there are people out there willing to pay 3 cap rates for some of this product, I think says a great -- attributes a lot of value to our portfolio, and all that we've done. And we don't feel we need to continue to chase that pricing. Once you're already long, you're in good shape.
David Neithercut: There's a lot of institutional players out there that are buying assets. Big pension fund advisors, we're seeing life insurance companies, we're seeing some foreign capital. It's happening across all markets. I don't think that there's limited to just any one. You're seeing some people on land for condos, for instance, makes it difficult to rationalize multi-family rental on land. But in terms of existing sort of stabilized deals, big institutional players, domestically and foreign. See very little REIT activity. I think we're not the only ones who are suggesting that that transaction activity may be reduced kind of going forward, but very much domestic and foreign institutional investors.
David Neithercut: Well, again, let's understand about just kind of cash flow. Acquisition is really funded by dispositions, and our development kind of funded from free cash flow, and we've got development to fund over the next several years. And a lot of the growth, I mean, the lion's share of the growth, and I think more growth from us than from others is really being delivered, as I said from the property portfolio, the kind work that David Santee and his team have done. Drilling down submarket by submarket, asset by asset, we believe that we're outperforming many others. And in terms of bottom line performance and putting whatever multiple you want on that creates that incremental value, is significant, and we think is a much better risk-adjusted return, than aggressively chasing development at these prices or new acquisitions. So as I said earlier, this is not the first time/ I think there's been a pause for us in this activity, and every single time coming out of these pauses, we've been loaded for bear, and able to take advantage of a great deal of opportunity. So we're content to sit and wait and see what happens.
David Neithercut: Yes, I guess, what I'm saying is that the trade between the sale and the buy has probably widened. And because of that, we're less inclined to make those trades, particularly at the price -- I guess, what I'd say is -- at the stabilized assets in these -- the coastal markets yields, as I said in many instances are in the 3%s. We're confident that we can manage that spread, or have been confident, and hope we still can yet this year, by trying to find some things to acquire that aren't stabilized assets. But rather assets that have got maybe some lease-up risk, some completion of construction or some other things that might detour an aggressive bid from some of those institutions that will buy stabilized stuff, and provide us with an opportunity to buy something with a little better yield, which would narrow that spread and make a trade make sense for us.
David Neithercut: So renewals, renewals as far as achieved were 7.2% for the quarter. For quarter two in 2014, we achieved a 5.5%.
David Neithercut: Well, so Q4 of last year I think we averaged 95.8[%], 95.9[%]. We're probably not going to run the portfolio up to 97[%]. I think if you start leaving rate on the table, once you get up to that point, unless we see continued acceleration in the job growth. So if we see continued job growth above [250,000] and the formula for apartment demand has changed dramatically relative to home ownership. Then again, I'll just say 97 will be the new 95. I mean, we're not managing to 97. But if we continue to do the same things that we've done year after year, as far as rate optimization and managing inventory, if we achieve 97, then so be it.
David Neithercut: Yes, but I think what you have a chance of seeing is, we'll begin to sell lesser quality product in more of our core markets, and the possibility and the expectation that that will attract a bid of a better cap rate than that which we've realized in exit markets. So yes, as we work through exit markets, and we'll also sell -- I guess, as we did like the office building in Boston -- we'll sell lesser quality, non-core assets in our core markets. And that's another way in which we're trying to manage the spread between the disposition cap rate and the acquisition cap rate.
David Neithercut: Well, so let's just take Boston as an example. A lot of the deliveries are probably within a one-mile radius of the financial district. We have six properties in that one-mile radius that delivers 40% of our revenue for the entire portfolio. So that's just an example as we've talked about, when we're going to see some head to head pressure and pricing pressure. And I think you just have such a concentration of properties in such a small area that you just lose pricing power. So in the case of Seattle, probably the same thing, a lot of deliveries in Belltown, downtown, CBD. When you look at the portfolio up in Bellevue -- I'm sorry, north up towards Bothel, Snohomish, those properties are far outperforming the CBDs just because of the magnitude of the deliveries. But still, the portfolio in Seattle is producing very good results. So I think it's just a matter of time to flush out these elevated deliveries that are very concentrated in some of these markets. No different than DC, where we have 20% of our revenue coming out of the RBC corridor, which is probably -- which is the most negative submarket that we have. So I think over the next year to 18 months as job growth improves, as new deliveries kind of start to dissipate and move kind of back out to the suburbs, I think you'll see the relative strength of these markets return.
David Neithercut: Well, New York is -- Manhattan is fine. I think you just look at our portfolio, and you look at Brooklyn, which is really dragging the portfolio down. We still have assets in the far outer burbs, down near Philadelphia, Fairfield, those are far underperforming. So I think when you break down a portfolio like New York, when you look at core Manhattan assets, those are performing better than expected and above historical trend.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, we won't give you any sort of numbers. But we've been quite vocal for quite some time that even -- that the levels, elevated levels of new supply that we've experienced over the last several years would not destabilize these markets. That we were confident that the demand was there to adequately absorb this new supply, and not destabilize these markets. And I mean, to your point, we expect less supply in 2016, and continued good job growth, and the inevitable of income growth that kind of comes with that. This segment of the population is very interested in living in these high density urban markets. They either value the optionality and flexibility that provides rental housing, or can't afford single family housing in these markets, because it's significantly -- the multiple of those prices in those homes as a multiple of their incomes are significant. And that's why we continue to suggest, and believe that we're going to have above trend fundamentals for many years to come. So we see it the way that you've just described it, and continue to remain very optimistic about the multifamily business for the foreseeable future.
David Neithercut: We're not going to give any over-unders on growth that far out. But just suffice it to say, we feel very positive about fundamentals for quite some time.
David Neithercut: Well, yes, it's David Neithercut. I want to make sure I just define what we mean by our rehabs, which is really not redevelopment. There are others in our space who talk about redevelopment, as spending $40,000, $60,000, $80,000 a door. What we have done, and what we have accelerated is our rehab business, which I'll have Mark Parrell explain.
David Neithercut: Well, thank you all for your time and interest today. I hope you all enjoy summer, and look forward to seeing many of you in the fall. Have a great day.
Mark Parrell: Alex, it's Mark. Yes, there isn't a lot left. We've really wound down all the Archstone related joint venture activities. There's a little bit left, and we give you some disclosure of that towards the end of the preferred issuance. But it's really quite minimal. There could be minimal lawsuit costs, and master lease costs and stuff that run through for a little while. But I don't see anything significant on the horizon.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So just to be absolutely clear, we put it in so late in the year, that if the [$220 million] came through it would only be worth about $900,000 of FFO to us. So if it doesn't occur, we'll use it to pay down debt. We'll have, as I said a $460 million line balance, so we'll pay the line or the CP program down. That is not a particularly accretive use of funds. But again, as David Neithercut mentioned a minute ago, it just loads us up and prepares us for when opportunity does arrive. So the use of proceeds will be to pay down the line or the CP program in the short-term and in the long term to fund our investment activity, as we have done at other points in the cycle.
Mark Parrell: Well, so we use the same qualifier that we used for 20 years. So when you measure the income of those folks coming in, they have to meet that qualifier. So really when you look back over the 12 months which is, we measure the previous 12 months move-ins, the numbers never change. And then, we have no means to measure incomes of people that have lived with us for three, four or five years. However, I think the important thing is that we have seen a tremendous improvement in the overall credit quality of the people coming in the door with 720-plus FICO scores. In summary, the rent to income will never change, as long as we continue to use the same qualifier.
Mark Parrell: Sure. We've got a fair amount of debt maturing in those years. We don't now have any guidance, any thought of prefunding that. We will think about that. We will think about hedges as well, which we've done in the past. So right now, I you would tell you that we're sort of waiting to see the rate climate, and feeling our way through it. But I think we've been pretty proactive in dealing with those maturities. It's about I think a 5.3% rate next year that we get to re-fi to, so I think it will be a pretty accretive refinancing opportunity, and so we will be all over that. But right now, the guidance has no prefunding activities in it at all.
Mark Parrell: Right. We give you a little disclosure on that on page 22. We spend right now about $9,000 per unit. These are usually kitchen and bath freshenings. We generally get a yield in the mid-teens on that, and those have proven to be for us excellent investments. I do think you'll see that ramp up. We didn't increase our guidance there, because we're still sort of in the formative stages of that. But I would expect we might spend closer to $65 million there, and do a few more of those rehabs. The cost is trending up for us. Not because cost items are increasing, but the scope of these rehabs are going up. And the places we're doing them, these high-rise units that we now own, just demand a higher level of finish. So you might see us have that number go up a little from $9,000 per unit to $10,000 or $11,000. And I think you'll see more volume there and more spend, because it's a great investment in these very well-located assets that we intend to hold long-term. We are doing one very significant rehab of an asset in LA. I guess, I will call that a redevelopment. We did take that out of same-store. We mentioned it in prior calls. We may do another. These are assets that are right on the beach. They're just terrific, we can't replicate them due to zoning requirements. But they do require more in the $40,000 to $50,000 a unit rehab cost, and that includes interiors and exteriors. So I could see us doing more of this sort of stuff, because our assets are so well located now.
