David Neithercut: Thanks, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us for today’s call. We’re extremely pleased with the Company’s operating performance to date as we move towards the tail end of our primary leasing season. Because continued strong demand across the board for rental housing and the relentless attention to customer service delivered each and every day by our outstanding property management teams, combined maintained very high levels of occupancy and record setting resident retention that have enabled us to now expect to deliver growth in same-store revenue towards the high end of our original expectations. With elevated levels of new supply across our markets this year, we had prepared ourselves for modest reductions in occupancy and weaker growth, but it was going to be a -- because it was going to be a very competitive marketplace for new prospective residents and our existing residents, we have a lot of options from which to choose when their lease would come up for renewal. Yet very deep and resilient demand for apartment living in our urban and highly walkable suburban markets continues to be the story. And here, to take you into greater detail is our recently promoted Chief Operating Officer, Michael Manelis.
David Neithercut: Well, it’s hard and hard, Steve, particularly as these construction costs go up more quickly than rental levels. We thought -- in 2017, across our markets we saw 4% to 8% increase in hard costs and we’re expecting an underwriting same sort of expected growth this year, even though that we are not bidding anything ourselves. But as our guys track those costs, that’s what they are seeing, again this year. And that is before any inclusion of any kind of impact of tariffs. I have had just -- my construction guys tell me, I think steel, because of the results of the tariffs are up at least 25%. And I know Mark has had some conversations with others that might -- has some color for you as well.
David Neithercut: Well, we’ve certainly -- we’ve said that for some time. Certainly, there is product in the pipeline that would be unaffected by this. Our deal when we started in Boston is unaffected by any of this, but that contractor sort of locked down. But certainly, we hear anecdotally all the time, Alan George, our investment guys share all the time about projects that are being pushed aside, equity capital that unwilling go forward, in deals that are looking for new capital sources specifically as a result of this. So, I see no reason why this won’t have a significant impact on the number of starts going forward.
David Neithercut: That’s the 12 months forward return on a fully stabilized apartment product. The existence of the WhyHotel will just provide some income in advance of that calculation.
David Neithercut: Well, we think that Denver will be not particularly strong performer in the current and in next year because of the new supply that’s being delivered. We do believe supply will reduce considerably in 2019 and that it should probably -- perform most likely in the upper half of the market in which we currently operate.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, it’s possible all of them could. Again, this is just a relative trade process. I think it’s possible we will continue to look at other New York assets that are subject to the 421-a tax burn off, but that’s not a requirement. So, as we look at across all of our properties on a regular basis, and we have sold out of all of our markets from time to time, and it will just be depend on what we think the best opportunity is at the time.
David Neithercut: We currently will reenter that market through acquisitions. We will certainly consider some joint venture development, the opportunities that they present themselves, and that is the way we got into the development business back in 1990s. And if appropriate, we believe there is capacity to develop ourselves there, we will certainly consider that. Just with respect to the market, I’ve said and we’ve said for quite some time that this was not a market related exit, but it was a portfolio related exit when we sold the last time. And as -- when we did so, we saw this new supply coming and knew that it would have an impact on the marketplace. But we also thought that new supply would likely represent opportunities for us down the road, if and when we decided to reenter the market. And that’s exactly what’s happening right now. So, as I said previously, we’re not expecting to get terribly robust revenue growth, maybe in the first or second year in Denver. But, we think we’re buying it at a great assets, at a very good basis that will perform very well, as we get into 2019 and we begin -- we see that new supply begin to abate.
David Neithercut: I mean, as noted, we’ve seen percentage of our move-outs to buy single family homes reduce. And we operate in the markets that have got very expensive costs of single family homeownerships such that we would expect our residents to remain renters for significantly longer, and that’s exactly what’s happening.
David Neithercut: Well, I think that you are generally on to the thought process there, Rich, and that is, this is a trade. Right? We are trading capital from one market into another market. And as we look at what’s happening in New York and the low growth we’ve had there and the expectation for lower growth as -- in some of these assets as a result of the 421-a tax burn-off, it may make sense to rotate some capital into some other markets. Now, I do want to note that the asset we acquired this past quarter, it happened to be in the New York metropolitan area. So, it’s not as though that we are selling or exiting New York. We were just rotating some capital out of some New York assets into another New York based asset as well as into Denver at this time.
David Neithercut: Well, there is all sorts of things that will influence performance in 2020 and 2021. But, I think that you did touch on some important issues there. Michael just talked about what improved pricing power expected in New York soon as a result of this reduction in the new supply. There is a significant fall off of new supply coming in, in 2019. And as discussed earlier, to one of the questions, we are expecting supply to remain sort of in check, if you will, among other reasons, for the increase of construction costs and now the tariffs, and to Mark’s comments, the uncertainty of costs as a result of the tariffs. So, we look at supply being reasonably in check, beginning 2019. In general, there are some markets where like DC we are expecting it about the same on a year-over-year basis but just across the portfolio. So, absent any other sort of external sort of geopolitical sort of shocks or economic sort of shocks, we certainly expect with the current demand we are seeing and the retention that we are seeing and the expectation that our residents will be unable to afford single family housing or will opt to remain in rental housing for whatever reason, we think that the supply-demand fundamentals and the dynamics will improve from here.
David Neithercut: Well, I mean, San Francisco clearly kind of tops the list right now, with the most momentum -- I don’t know how you can look at this stuff without thinking about the supply and the ability of the market to absorb the supply that’s coming to the market. But that market I think we’ve said now for a while, has been having these indicators of showing strength. And I gave you kind of great two great examples, not only for our own portfolio, the Peninsula from our own lease-up of that market just to kind of put that into context. From a sluggish standpoint, it has to be the two markets that aren’t kind of meeting the expectations that we laid out originally, which would be the Seattle and Orange County. And I think both of those to me are short-term because of the impact to supply, they still have diverse job occurring. And I think we just need to see. We just haven’t found equilibrium in those markets, which is the ability to consecutively raise rate and keep velocity at a place we need, which tells me that we’ve got to work our way through the supply for those two markets.
David Neithercut: So, no concession. I mean, if there is concessions because they are nominal, they are targeted, they are strategic from a marketing standpoint. I mean just to put into perspective the kind of that Hudson waterfront area, it’s doing the best out of all of the submarkets that we have in New York on a year-to-date basis, posting kind of 1.3% revenue growth. So, I guess, at this point, I would say the trajectory looks good. I mean, I think, come Q4, like I said, in the slower periods, we will see what we need to do from a concessionary environment. But, the absorption of the supply there and our ability to kind of raise rates and maintain occupancy has been strong.
David Neithercut: Well, the two assets we have under contract now are both in the sort of uptown, downtown area, if you will, not in Cherry Creek. So, we will continue to look for downtown, highly walkable sort of locations. We would certainly consider Cherry Creek but the two assets that we’ve have in our contract today are not in Cherry Creek.
David Neithercut: Well, again, we’re looking for higher density, walkable sort of properties. So, I guess, I’d -- by that it seems that we would not be in distant suburbs but we will look at properties that have got a transportation components, or certainly walkability to -- probably that have got high walk scores.
David Neithercut: Well, those spreads don’t impact IRRs. So, I’m not sure I understand the question. That’s just the first year yield comparison between what we’re buying and what we’re selling. So, the IRRs on what we’re selling have been very good, plus 10% generally. And what we think we are buying in today’s marketplace, we think we’re buying probably in the 7s by and large.
David Neithercut: Again, I’m sorry, I’m not picking up the question. I mean, certainly, it is in our benefit to have that spread be as narrow as possible or positive, right, to be selling lower yields and buying higher yields, provided you believe you’re -- we are strategically investing capital long-term strategically appropriately. So, it’s not as we are going to be selling New York and reinvesting in light spread assets. But if we can invest in our core markets and kind of assets we want to own long-term, the benefit of the Company and the business for that spread to be as narrow as possible if not positive, which will be highly unlikely that it would be positive.
David Neithercut: Look, I think people’s feelings about this, Alex, are all over the board. There are some groups who will not listen to that side of the story. You just believe that it’s incredibly important to make rents affordable to the populace today and are unwilling or unable to sort of understand what the long-term impact in the housing market of that will be. Our belief is that while -- when people are initially asked about rent control and affordable housing, they are generally in favor of such. But when one describes what the long-term impact is on the existing housing stock and the negative impact on valuations of the housing stock and of single-family housing, at all, they will generally realize that perhaps it’s not the right thing to do. But, people have opinions all over the board on the matter.
David Neithercut: I think, in the short-term, any impact we’ve seen has been very positive, based upon the business communities, very positive reaction to the tax law change. And with capital expenditures, we now see them taking place in the hiring and the increase in wages as a result. So, very short-term impact has generally been very positive.
David Neithercut: Well, I think there are a lot of questions about the impact on some of these communities as a result of the limitations on SALT, on the state and local tax expenses and therefore the increased tax burden on people in some of these higher tax states. But as we have discussed I think on the last call, these continue to be extremely important economic centers of our country, and all continue to be -- seem to prospering extremely well as a result of lots of different things, including the new tax bill. And we will sort of see what happens. But right now I mean New York and California are two very high state -- tax burdened states, things seem to be going pretty well.
David Neithercut: Well, we’ve kind of not contemplated any specific reaction to this just yet. So, we’re -- I think there is -- one of the concerns that many have about rent control is the fact that it could take existing housing stock and turn it into for sale stock and remove it from the rental stock, which would obviously be a negative. With respect to new construction, I think that’s mostly impacted today by costs. It seems to me that whatever happens with rent control, there will be some limitation as to on what year product is built. So, the product likely built today, would not be negatively impacted by any changes in rent control as a result of the repeal of Costa-Hawkins. But all that remains to be seen. 
David Neithercut: Yes. On our property in Boston where my development guys are suggesting that the cost of steel would be about 25% greater today than what was priced when we did our deal, represents about 1% of the total cost of the project.
David Neithercut: I’m sorry. That’s a 4% cost, which is an effect of 1% on total cost. So, it’s 44 -- steel is about -- is 4% of the total cost. Okay. So, with that, thank you, Catherine. This Equity Residential, we’re really -- we’re pleased to celebrate our 25th anniversary as a public company on August the 12th. Who knew back in the summer of 1993 what our 22,000-unit apartment company with an enterprise value of $800 million would become. We are extremely grateful for this support of so many in investment community over that time for the dedication of our Board of Trustees, both past and present, and for the many thousands of hardworking professionals that have built this company its very special and enduring culture. So, many thanks to you all, best wishes to you all for an enjoyable summer, and we’ll see you in September.
Mark Parrell: Thank you, Michael, and good morning. Michael has just discussed our markets and the upward revision to our same-store revenue guidance, and I want to take a couple of minutes here to talk about our revisions to our same-store expense guidance and to our full-year normalized FFO guidance. First, for same-store expenses, we have lowered the midpoint of our full-year same-store expense guidance to 3.75% from 4%. This is primarily driven by our expectation of modestly lower property tax expense growth and for lower on-site payroll expense growth. As a reminder, these two expense line items together constitute approximately 65% of our same-store operating expenses. Year-to-date, we have produced expense growth of 3.5%. We don’t expect a big change in the growth rate of our expenses in the second half of the year. Now, I’ll give you a bit more color. You saw us produce 4.5% growth in property taxes through the first six months of 2018. We now expect our full-year property tax expenses to grow in the range of 4% to 4.5%, and that’s down from the 4.75% to 5.75% prior range. This is due to both significantly better than expected appeal activity, as well as our expectation of a reduction in the growth rate of our taxes upon the sale of a same-store asset that David Neithercut will discuss in a moment. Also, we have lowered our expectation for on-site payroll expense growth to a range of 3% to 4%, and that’s down from 5% before. At the beginning of the year, our budget assumed continued pressure on on-site payroll, especially compensation for our maintenance personnel. While we are still feeling wage pressure, especially on the maintenance side, our on-site payroll expense growth has been positively impacted year-to-date by a reduction in our estimate of medical reserve expenses. Year-to-date growth of 2% in on-site payroll means that payroll expense growth will be higher in the back half of the year than it has been year-to-date but that is mostly due to a harder 2017 comparable period in the second half of the year than any real change in trend. Now, moving over to normalized FFO. In our earnings release, we raised the midpoint of our full-year same-store revenue guidance to 2.1% from 1.6%, driven by the strong renewals, low turnover and high occupancy in our portfolio that Michael just discussed. I just went over our expectation of a decrease in same-store expenses which collectively allow us to raise the midpoint of our same-store NOI guidance to 1.4% from 0.75%. On the normalized FFO side, we are picking up about $0.03 per share from higher same-store NOI and another penny or so from our 2018 transaction activity due to our narrowing of our reinvestment spread and the timing of our acquisition and disposition activity. These positives are partially offset by a one penny per share increase in interest expense, primarily due to the increase and timing of the same transaction activity and its impact on our intra-period borrowing. The result is a modest increase to our normalized FFO guidance from $3.22 per share to $3.25 per share. All-in-all, revenues improved, expense is slightly lower, normalized FFO slightly improved. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to David.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I mean, Steve, attending some industry events and hearing a large general contractor speak to a room full of developers, so, I’ll tell you, had rapt attention on this point. What they are seeing with -- and this was before the steel tariffs, but just the general threat of it, plus the lumber tariffs that already exist with Canada that all of that was pushing our cost up 4% to 8%. And indeed, it was also adding a cost to a lot of construction contracts that created real uncertainty where the general contractor and the subs weren’t willing to take risk on some of these items, which really puts a lot of pressure on the developer and on their contingency.
Mark Parrell: I don’t have that compared to what it would be, John. But we have cut a deal with this entity called WhyHotel where they are chasing down 95 units for nine months in our property that will soon be delivered. We get a base rent from them as well as a participation over some thresholds. These are apartment experienced guys. So, they’ve been very easy to work with, very compatible to work with. We think it’s a great opportunity to deliver some income in vacant units that would otherwise remain vacant over that nine-month period.
Mark Parrell: Right. So, for Los Angeles, we had one -- we had two retail centers vacated, single asset was about $500,000 in straight line rent that we reversed. So, by the end of the year, it will have no effect on the entire portfolio. And I would say to you right now, it had a very minimal rounding effect on the 2.2 we reported for the entire portfolio. For LA, you saw the footnote, there was an impact and that’s why we footnoted it. By the end of the year, as Michael mentioned in his script for Los Angeles, it might be a 10 basis-point negative, but not much.
Mark Parrell: We can’t go into 2019 revenue growth at this time. We’ve sort of given you all the facts we see them. And at least for this juncture, you’ll have to come up with your own conclusion to that.
Mark Parrell: I don’t have that level of specificity here. We had a land base -- essentially we’ve own that -- the property on which that tower is being built for 20 years or so. We had a land basis of about $20 million in that property. So, that represents a lot of what we’ve done. We’re incurring some demolition cost today of the existing garage, and that’s all that’s really been in there today, that land basis and some demolition costs as well as the capitalized costs that we’ve incurred in terms of architectural and engineering and all those sort of things. So, there is not a great deal of hard cost in there yet and I don’t have the breakdown at finger tips of that transaction.
Mark Parrell: 855 Brannan, we expect to stabilize at a high 4, the Helios deal at a about 5, and the Cascade deal at about 6.3, those are the three deals. And the Cascade deal went about 6.3.
Mark Parrell: But when you use the numbers in the release, that’s wherever these properties were at that particular moment. So, this is going back in time and looking at these numbers. So, having $6 million as this thing is ramping up, that’s not the right way to do, that’s not the correct math. That’s not going to get to a number that’s going to make any sense.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess by definition. Right? But whatever yields we are receiving today, will grow to the yields that I just told you on those transactions, as we lease and occupy those properties and get them stabilized.
Mark Parrell: Well, it also depends on what one is underwriting on the top line as well. But bottom line growth will be negatively impacted as those roll off. And depending on what property is that roll off and between two and three to five or six years from now. The cap rate on -- the valuation on those buildings will not change as that occurs because the cap rate will reduce as the income is negatively impacted by that, and those deals will ultimately trade on a fully tax basis in the -- somewhere in the 3s most likely.
Mark Parrell: It’s an asset by asset determination. We have assets that are subject to 421-a that haven’t yet begun the burn-off period. We have assets that are done and we have assets that are in the middle and some assets are in different schedules than others. So, really, it’s kind of a custom calculation, asset by asset.
Michael Manelis: Yes, sure. This is Michael. So, I guess, I would say, at the highest level, we have rolled up about 71,000 units for 2018, going down to 57,000 units in 2019. And when you go across the markets, the market that probably has the most pronounced reduction is New York, dropping from 19,400 units down to 8,500 units. The rest of them are moving, I mean slightly, but it’s not as material of a decline as what we see in New York.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, I want to just say on the new lease and I kind of -- I think I said this on the last call, so I think it’s important that I reiterate. We don’t believe that looking at these results for any single one quarter is the best way to think about this metric at a market level. I’m just going to tell you that we just went through the process of updating all of our full-year expectations when we went through the guidance revision process. And on our full-year basis, our assumption changes were as follows. So, New York was in increased by a 100 basis points in our expectations for new lease change, San Francisco was increased by 50 basis points, and Seattle and Orange County were both reduced by a 100 basis points. The rest of our markets were either on track or had marginal moves in either directions.
Michael Manelis: Yes, sure. So, Boston was positive 30 basis points; New York was negative 1.2% or 120 basis points; Washington DC was negative 0.9%; San Francisco was up 5.1%; Seattle was up 0.7%; LA was up 2.6%; Orange County up 0.4%; San Diego up 3.7%, putting the entire portfolio up 1.4% as we disclosed in the release.
Michael Manelis: That’s a good question, Nick. As we look at, we think that we can get an appropriate sort of critical mass with, call it 14, 15, 16 assets. That’s probably around a 1.5 billion or about 5% of our sort of NAV allocation, if you will. And these two assets we’re underwriting, get us 20% of the way there.
Michael Manelis: I think, it’s hard to say. A lot of it will just be -- we can find opportunities to trade out of other markets, sort of what we are doing here and trading out in New York, and reallocating that capital in Denver. If there are opportunities that might be faster, but I think it would be hard pressed to sort of put a specific timeline on it, but one that we will be -- really have our eye on and try and get there as soon as appropriately possible and what we think about allocating capital.
Michael Manelis: I guess, I would just say tell you, I think our expectation is that we’re going to continue to see the results that we’ve seen play out for the first half for the balance of the year. I mean, the teams are focused on this. How much more improvement are we going to see than these 100 basis points declines that were post in each quarter, I don’t know. I mean, I think we’re probably getting down towards where we will post kind of the lowest turnover, but we will see kind of where we go from there.
Michael Manelis: So, Steve, this is Michael. I guess, I would say, yes. So, we have a lot of confidence in the 2.1% midpoint that we just put out there. I do want to say that it doesn’t take much to move our revenue by 10 basis points in the portfolio, winds up coming down to $2.4 million. And the 40 basis points range that we just communicated in the release is really just the result of a sensitivity analysis that we complete for each market that kind of looks at best likely and worst. And I said, right now, we’ve got a lot of confidence in the 2.1. We have a pretty difficult comp period coming up in front of us from an occupancy standpoint and several of our markets have peak deliveries occurring in the third quarter. So, as far as the bottom end of that range, the 1.9, there is a couple of different ways to get there, but it basically is going to come down to our ability to hold occupancy at 96.1% for the second half of the year. And a 30 basis-point decline in occupancy in the second half, which we do not see happening at this point, but that would result in revenue towards the bottom end of our range. But on the opposite end of the spectrum, continued improvement in retention and demand, which we are seeing, will accelerate rate growth and push occupancy higher, and that in turn would result in the higher end of our revenue range.
Michael Manelis: And John, they provide all of the goods. They are providing -- they are furnishing the units. There is no additional capital on our part. And they are providing the staffing to address any concerns that their hotel residents, so to speak, have. So, there isn’t like a cost impact effectively on us. 
Michael Manelis: No. Just to be clear, the hotel part will go away. When lease is up, David’s projection is strictly a residential apartment execution…
Michael Manelis: So, this is Michael. I guess, I’m not going to speak too specifically about ‘19 or into ‘20, but I guess I’d tell you, just given where we are in the trajectory that we have and the ability for this market to absorb the units that they seem to date in a rational way, I’d suggest that we will start to see modest pricing power start to return. And it may be neighborhood by neighborhood, submarket by submarket, but I think we will be in a position to get back to what you just described as more normal growth, 2% and 2.5%, something like that. I’m not sure if that’s going to happen immediately in ‘19 but I think clearly you are going to see some of that momentum start to emerge.
Michael Manelis: Sure. Just to give context, about 2% of our total rental income is from retail. We have a very small retail portfolio. We run it mostly as an amenity for our residents in our buildings, so coffee shops and like are very common tenants. So, no, this is uncommon, it’s lumpy, it’s -- I wouldn’t -- we don’t see this as a repeating event.
Michael Manelis: I think, there is a lot of reasons why this reduction is occurring. I think, the efforts of our onsite folks is just kind of the icing on cake that’s brining us down. But, you’ve got momentum in people deferring life decisions, marrying later, having children later, not rushing out to buy homes. I mean, buying home is the move up has declined in every single one of our market this last quarter outside of Orange County. So, I think, there is clearly other factors that are contributing to this decline, but I think our relentless focus on renewing our residents is clearly helping this as well.
Michael Manelis: No, I don’t think so. I mean, I think they are kind of all within check of what the original expectations were from job growth and where the job growth is coming from.
Michael Manelis: Well, we think that our yield on that Boston deal at current rents will be in the low to mid-5s and will likely stabilize somewhere with the six-handle. We think that’s a terrific yield in a marketplace where that asset would probably trade today, maybe with a high-3 cap rate. So, we think we’re getting appropriately compensated for the 10 years worth of blood, sweat and tears that’s gone into to try and get that deal. Plus, it’s Mark, we think Boston is a great long-term market. There is a lot of exciting things going on in Boston and in Cambridge. And this will be a perfect asset for us own and operate for a long time.
