Michael Manelis: Well, I guess I would think about it this way, which is the volume of applications on a year-over-year basis is improving and it's strong but again there is seasonality to applications right? So applications are the highest in the third quarter and will drop-off in the fourth quarter. As we think about that relationship to new lease change, obviously, if we can continue this extended leasing season that we're seeing throughout the balance of October and November that should start stabilizing that occupancy and give us the ability to start dialing back some of the concession use and then ultimately try to pressure test increasing rates back up a little bit. But I think it's still too early to see what's going to happen for the balance of the quarter. But I think right now looking at where we sit at the end of October, we feel pretty good that we're seeing this extended leasing season continue. We just don't know how much longer it will continue for.
Michael Manelis: Well, so I think there's two aspects to that. So first is transfer. So people that are on a current lease, seeing what's available in their building and trying to move intrally, so we did see an increase in our transfer activity through the quarter. We raised our transfer fees in early April trying to mitigate some of that activity but ultimately a large percentage of those residents that are transferring are actually moving to a larger unit that has an increase in rent still. And then on the other side at the end of the lease, you are still seeing some folks trying to trade units and really going after kind of more space. So people that were in studios moving to the one-bedroom et cetera, and again at that point we're doing our best to negotiate with them to keep them in place in their current unit, but ultimately we want to retain them in as a resident. So we're going to do what we need to do to keep them.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. So early lease terminations are -- continued to be elevated on a year-over-year basis we're up about 25% year-over-year. Sequentially we definitely saw July like ticked down from June, but then the announcements from the large tech companies an extended work-from-home policies and the civil unrest in the cities in early August resulted in early terminations increasing in the month of August. So far September and October remain elevated on a year-over-year basis but they're not as high as they are in August.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So first, let me just start. I'll just give you a little bit of color on the use of concessions today. So the markets that you would expect to have the most concession use, like I said 70% of all the concessions in the quarter were in those urban cores of the New York, Boston and San Francisco. New York about 70% of all of our applications are receiving a concession just about two months right now.  San Francisco the entire market overall, it's about 50% to 60% that are receiving a concession. And we're averaging right around that 1.5 months or six weeks. But if you go to the downtown San Francisco, you're closer to about 70% to 75% of all the applications receiving two months. Everywhere else is sitting kind of right at that six week or right around that one month mark. And I think what you should expect to see as I said in the prepared remarks, as we see some stability in occupancy see this improvement in demand or demand just holding steady, we'll start dialing back some of the concessions as we work our way through the year.  As far as coming upon the renewal side of the equation a year from now, when we underwrite applicants today, we underwrite them at their gross rent regardless of the concession. So our rent as a percent of income really has not changed in the portfolio from the applications. So we're still running between the low 17% in Seattle and the high at 22.5% in San Diego. And you look at those ratios and you would say they are going to be in a position to afford an increase. They're clearly going to be in a position to afford, continuing to write the check at the rent that the writing regardless of the concession they receive when they moved in with us. So I think that's how we're thinking about a year from now. 
Michael Manelis: Well, I think the extent of concession use is greater right now in the portfolio than it's ever been. So I don't know if we can look to the past down cycles and see what does that look like. I'll tell you a lot is going to depend on what the pace of the recovery is like. What do the cities feel like? What are these long-term work-from-home policies going to look like? That is going to dictate more around our concessions still being used widely in the marketplace.  If they are, we probably are not going to be able to just wipe off any concession on a year-over-year basis. We'll stair-step them back to the rents they're paying, but it's not like they're just going to go away. So a lot's going to depend about what is happening around us in that competitive market set as to how those renewals will be treated through our renewal negotiation process. 
Michael Manelis: What I'd say about our positioning is the COVID virus the whole pandemic has just accelerated a bunch of trends. And among those is just the dispersion of high wage job growth outside the coastal centers where they used to be predominant, okay? So we have talked about adding exposure in Denver. We've talked about potentially going into Austin. There's other markets that at the right time we'll talk about with you as well. So I think you can expect that we will spread our capital around a bit more over time because I think those jobs have moved around for a lot of different reasons Jeff. I think some people just want different lifestyle. Some folks are looking to get away from maybe some, sort of, tax or political thing that they're concerned about. But I would say for the most part, our residents when you look at where affluent we think renters and the knowledge industries are -- San Francisco still has a lot of advantages as a technology center. New York still has a lot of advantages as both the technology and financial services center. Boston and the biotech in Cambridge and biotech and financial services. So -- but there are other markets that are of interest. So I would say in terms of our positioning right now I'd tell you I think we will continue as we've said I think since 2018 to add exposure in dense suburban areas where we can find affluent renters. And we'll follow our affluent renters to places like Austin and to Denver and we'll continue doing that. So you should expect that we'll continue to broaden the platform out and continue to react to that and react to things like political risk in some of our markets. But there's no risk-free apartment market. Some of the markets that you might move into have had in the past very significant supply issues don't have as big a base of high wage apartment renters. So there's -- again there's a balancing act as you enter each of these markets. 
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, I guess, I'll give you just a little bit of color on -- I think, I said in the prepared remarks we're definitely seeing an increase in those that are leaving the market. So we used to have about 70% -- or used to be 50%. Now it's about 70%. And New Jersey, Connecticut and California are the top three states where those that do leave are going to with suburban New Jersey is where the majority of them were going. The -- anecdotally from our doorman, from the concierge in the building are -- regardless of the demographic, whether it's young and going back with mom and dad, whether it's the older a lot of them basically are telling the doorman, telling the concierge they will be back. And they will be back as soon as we get to the other side of this pandemic. So to us that's the positive sign that we have that the renter base that we had will return. It's just a matter of when they're going to return. 
Michael Manelis: I'm not sure, we have that answer for you right at the top of our fingertips. I mean, CPI is often driven by housing in some of these places. So that is going to be approaching an 8% number under the California rules, which is a one-month concession at least. So I guess I don't -- we don't know the answer to that off the top of our heads. 
Michael Manelis: I don't believe so. I think concessions are going to be excluded from that calculation and if you held somebody's rent flat or you actually raised their rent up. But again I'm not 100% positive of that. 
Michael Manelis: Well, I think, early on and we talked about this on the last quarter, we saw that the exposure from corporate providers, right, we didn't have a lot to begin with. It was like at 1.5% of the portfolio. We're now down 50%. So we have fewer than 600 units right now with corporate providers. So, I think, one of the early lessons I learned is, yes, we'll probably keep that at a pretty low number throughout the portfolio. I don't think we'll bounce right back. Or if we do, we're going to have really large security deposits on hand from those kind of folks. Operationally, other than that, I think, the biggest thing that this did is, it created a catalyst for us on our sales process. And it has shown us how fast we can move to virtual leasing and how fast we can move to self-guided kind of tours and still be able to produce pretty strong application count. So I think operationally you're seeing us adjust that way to shape the business on the sales side. And we're getting ready to deploy kind of our new sales application this next month that's going to bring mobility to the sales teams and allow us to kind of have multiple assets covered by individuals. So, I think, those are probably the biggest takeaways that I've had on the learnings of these.
Michael Manelis: Yes, it actually ticked down this quarter. So we're just below 11%. We saw like a nominal pickup in the Southern California markets around Orange County and San Diego. But other than that, every market has basically declined about 1 point. 
Michael Manelis: So John, do you mean on -- you're breaking up a little. Do you mean rent versus say utility charges or fees, or I'm not sure we follow the question.
Michael Manelis: No. I mean this is legitimate prospects. I think one of the parts of the question I forgot, which was the closing ratio. So the way to think about kind of, typically you would have foot traffic those that come in for the virtual tour or a self-guided tour, about 25% of the time that converts into an application. And that closing ratio has been fairly consistent. We had a little bit of a change when we got into the initial COVID period, but right now it's fairly stable in our ability to convert kind of that traffic to applications. But really not seeing anything from a quality of the renter or the quality of the applicant showing up for these units.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. Well, I think I shared a little bit of that before, like in New York that we saw an increase of those leaving. So both, New York and San Francisco, probably saw the most pronounced increases of those leaving that MSA but staying nearby, moving to kind of other nearby market, that may have more concentration of suburban-type properties in there.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. So, I guess, I would say -- I think I've said it a couple of times now. In those urban cores, you're absolutely seeing people leave those downtown areas and go to other nearby markets with some upticks like in New York that actually leave the state entirely. So, as you think about the moves intra-city, so are we losing residents that then go to competitors in the market? I guess I will tell you that our renewal process is set up in such a way to handle those negotiations, not only on site but then as soon as somebody does give us a notice, we leverage our national call center to place calls to those residents, just to make sure there is nothing we can do within reason to keep them. And for the most part this is not a rate play. So, I'm sure there are a few that leave us and go somewhere to some concession offer that is just outside of the market boundaries, but a very small percentage of those residents that leave us are doing that to us. The other way to think about it is the increased volume of applications that we're seeing right now, is a pretty good indicator from a market competitive standpoint of our pricing. If we were not competitive, we would not be seeing new leases coming to us.
Michael Manelis: I think what I can give you is just a little bit of backdrop which is, last year this time about 7% in of our applications were coming from those residents outside of the United States. At present, we're down to about 2%, for the third quarter of 2020. So I think changes -- positive changes in the immigration policy that allow us to get back to where we were, would be a catalyst for some of the recoveries in some of those major markets where we're feeling more pressure right now.
Michael Manelis: I guess, I would tell you that it's the major mar -- it is Boston, San Francisco and New York, that you see the biggest changes on this year-over-year basis.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. So I guess I'll kind of frame it. So at a total portfolio level, the applications in the third quarter were call it $12,700. And that's compared to $10,700 last year there's definitely seasonality components to those applications. So you will see applications that hit a peak in June or July, call it at 4,000 or 5,000 applications a month. They'll drop down to 2,000 a month or 2,400 a month in November and December. So I would look at this as just the indicator that we are seeing, an extended leasing season. Your point about available inventory is dead on. We need the applications to be running 120%. We actually needed them to be like 125%, in the third quarter just so that we could have held on to the occupancy that we had in the beginning. So A lot of this is just the trade out between if retention starts to improve, we start to renew more residents, then that takes a little bit of pressure off the front door. But if we're going to continue to renew residents call it at 50% 50% of that we will need applications running, 120%, 130%, over prior year.
Mark Parrell: And just to add Nick it's Mark. We do receive lease termination payments from residents who terminate leases early. So depending on the jurisdiction that could be continuing to pay on your lease or paying us two to three months right then and there as a lease termination cost. So there is the same elevated number, but it isn't like a free option for the resident to exercise.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. Thanks John. I guess I'll do a quick survey and just say that if you're in the suburbs and I think this is consistent with you and others have written if you're suburban property owner of a B-property quality asset with a renewal -- or excuse me a renovation potential that probably the asset's worth a little bit more than it was pre pandemic. Class A suburban's probably about the same as it was pre pandemic. The urban stuff in San Francisco and New York would be very hard to trade. I mean, we still see total volume in the third quarter is down 60% for our kinds of assets. And even more so in New York and San Francisco. And I can't even point to completed deals to tell you what the mark is. So I'd say those markets are pretty illiquid. It's I think very logical to assume there's been some reduction in value. My guess is it's going to end up being pretty modest because a lot of folks like us who own in those markets aren't compelled sellers. And because of that you won't see us putting those assets into the market. So I think what you're probably guessing at some modest reduction in value in New York and San Francisco for sure. If we were trying to do a transaction frankly right at this moment I'm not sure how well that would go. I just think people are trying to underwrite declining rents, trying to understand the health crisis, the pandemic coming back again. And I think all of that is -- would make it quite difficult to trade these assets if we needed to do so in some kind of quick haphazard fashion. And of course we don't need to do that.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I think there's two things going on in there and one is a capital allocation thought process that you laid out and there's also in our minds a risk management thought process. I mean, when we start selling assets to buy stock, which we can do that. We don't have that much tax pressure though. At some point, we would and we can't sell an unlimited number of assets and not have gain issues. But as you go through that process of taking EBITDA out of your company, taking NOI out of the company, you're increasing risk. 23% of our NOI right now is under significant pressure.  So switching to a risk management thought process from our perspective, it seems better at this point to be a little more cautious to acknowledge the uncertainty that's out there in the world whether it relates to the pandemic or the values in some of these urban markets and just sit tight and operate the portfolio hard and that's a more prudent thing to do than to go and purchase shares. Because again once that capital leaves the firm, it can't come back.  So again for us just this recycling activity we'll keep doing John because again, it's just relatively minor and we're an apartment company. That's what we do, but buying stock back to us increases risk in the firm and we just think this isn't a point in time when you want to do that. 
Mark Parrell: There are other assets that are going to be sold. We're going to sell into this bid as I mentioned for the value bid for some of this Class B renovation stuff in the suburbs. We've got properties where we don't believe in the renovation play where others may. So you should expect we'll sell into that. We may pay down some more debt. That will leave us with options, which could include a buyback at some juncture.  It will definitely include recycling into assets in these dense suburban areas and in other markets, which we've talked about on prior calls. So -- but doing a buyback right now with the pressure we're feeling on operations any uncertainty in the world at large does not seem like the right idea to us. 
Mark Parrell: Hey, Rich, it's Mark. Thanks for that question. I guess as we think about it it's pretty predominantly related to the public health emergency. So let's spend a moment together speculating on how that might play out and that's all this is, meaning there is good reason to believe the virus will get worse. I think there's good reason to believe the vaccine will become available, especially the health workers and people that are more at risk over the next few months. And then slowly all the rest of us will get that. So you will head into the spring leasing season maybe with some positive signs on the COVID front. I mean one of the reasons you're hearing a lot of caution from us is we've got this elevated demand, which we like. We've got elevated inventory but we're also heading into the quietest time of the year. So we need to be really thoughtful about our seasonality. So not only are we fighting COVID, we're fighting seasonality. Right now we're bucking the seasonality. We're doing really well on leasing. The team's doing a great job. Rate's still suffering but what we would hope would happen just as you think about headwinds to us the most predominant headwind is COVID. Because on job growth, our resident base from what we can tell didn't lose their jobs. That was – unfortunately, people in some of these service sectors, in hospitality business, things like that and that is in our resident base. So I think a lot of our residents are well employed. They just don't care to live in some of these urban centers right now when their – these centers are disengaged and aren't as much fun to live in. And I think that a great number of those folks will come back. And the new crop of people the people that graduated from MBA programs, from technology programs and want that city experience, those folks will still want it, because that younger demographic that we mostly cater to balances safety I think and engagement entertainment differently. And I think Rich, they'll be – they'll want to come back and they'll be eager to come back if the cities are a reasonable facsimile of what they were before. So that's how we're looking at it. It doesn't mean, we're guaranteeing things are better in the spring but we're saying that the next quarter or so, we're dealing with the seasonal decline in demand as well as whatever the virus brings us. And that makes us a little more concerned.
Mark Parrell: Sure. And the comment in the press release that I made about things rolling through the financials I just want to make sure everyone understands, it isn't necessarily that things will keep getting worse and worse and worse. It's more that whatever is happening in the rent roll now, takes a quarter or so to manifest itself in reported numbers. So what will happen first is on some call in the future in some press release, Michael Manelis will tell you things have started to get better. Occupancy is firmed up. Concessions are declining. Maybe rate isn't moving yet but that famed second derivative is going in the right direction. So you'll see it in what I call the management accounting numbers before you see it in the numbers that Bob reports to you for same store revenues. So that's what we're trying. Because again we've got a pretty new group of analysts frankly on these calls. A lot of investors aren't as familiar. It's been a while since we've had a downturn. So we're just trying to make sure everyone understands how that works in the apartment business.
Mark Parrell: Well, there's one thing you said I want to latch on to. You said the interest of PE firms. And generally, the private folks with investment dollars are very interested in the apartment sector. And you use the word stable. I would say half our business is pretty stable. A third of it in the urban centers outside New York, Boston, San Francisco is okay, but marginally weakening and then a quarter of our business is having a tough run of it. So I'd say that when you think about the buyback, like I said in some of the prior responses and when you think about any other action or interest from PE firms, there's going to be a lot of interest in the New York portfolio at the moment. That portfolio needs to find a floor on rents. It needs to have some enthusiasm and excitement in the urban center again and people moving back in. Then you'll get a floor under that. In terms of taking a company this size private I mean that's obviously a matter for the Board to consider, not for me alone to determine, but I think it's way too early to start thinking about things like that. And I would expect that at some point again when the operations of the company, especially in the urban centers feel a little more stable, we'll feel like a larger menu of capital allocation options are open to us. At that point, there'll be conversations with the Board about things like buybacks again, and other conversations. For now, I think the best thing to do is to run the portfolio hard and stay super flexible. And that's the right thing to do. 
Mark Parrell: Yes. So, I think, it's going it's a little bit of a laggard, right? So -- on the property tax side. So right now, we're kind of beginning or prepping for the -- I'll call it hand-to-hand combat or conversations with every local jurisdiction, but it tends to run kind of on a lagging basis. You probably won't see anything or any kind of relief at least until 2021 or maybe even into 2022 based on prior experience. It's going to be that argument or that conversation about what jurisdictions are doing on the rate side relative to what they're doing on the assessment side. We're very used to this. We've done it for years and we will have those conversations. So far we haven't seen much activity, but it's really just the nature of when -- when the actual assessments or new rates and all that comes out depending on the jurisdiction. 
Mark Parrell: Yes. It's a little anecdotal for us, because though we've owned for a while in New York, we really didn't own right then. So what we know about what happened then is mostly from, frankly, our people who did work at other apartment companies or all our contacts that lived in the market. I mean, again, New York, you said it very well. The difference in population is significant. I mean, by 2016, the city was considerably more populated. And I think it might have had the highest population it ever had compared to 2001. And the obituary was clearly written on New York then. The city, Michael and I would summarize it from being there and from our conversations, talking -- New York is definitely trying to get up off the mat. If some progress can continue to hold on the virus, people want to go back. There's a special feeling to the city. People are there. There's a lot of interest. Our volume in New York is higher proportionately than anywhere else. It's just the rate is low. We just need even more demand to make up for folks that have made the decision, Rich, to move temporarily to New Jersey or whatnot and come back. So I'm probably a little less concerned with New York than I am with San Francisco, where a combination of work from home and just quality-of-life concerns and just the sort of general feeling around that -- those 10 properties we have in the city of San Francisco, that feels probably a little more concerning to me in the medium term. I think, again, as long as the pandemic by the spring starts to wane and we have it under control, I think, people want to be back in New York. And that will happen. In San Francisco, I just think it might take longer frankly.
Mark Parrell: So we have significant engagement through our trade associations on all sorts of things. I don't recall being specifically engages related to reopening restaurants. We're certainly big supporters of the idea that the partnership for New York put out in their letter of getting the cities running again and being on top of everything from sanitation to just all the transit all the things that make cities fun and livable. So, I guess, our answer to that is, we're not involved day-to-day in that, but the trade associations we support are involved in those things. And we support the bigger groups of citizens and leaders and companies that are pushing for being a little more balanced here and for political leaders to take into account these business interests. 
Mark Parrell: The majority of it -- I guess, the majority of the 2% growth, really, all of it is uncollected rent. I mean, whether that's your monthly rent or your utility reimbursement, whatever the charge is to the resident, that's the uncollected amount that's in there.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And I just would add, I mean there's some percentage of our residents who did lose their jobs, did have situations like Bob mentioned. They could be gig workers in the content industry in L.A. There's also public policy reasons. Some people aren't paying, because they feel like they don't have to. And we continue to pursue those folks. And within the bounds of the law, we'll be relentless in that matter. I mean, there's a contractual obligation here, but we also want to work with people. I mean, if there's some understanding that they need from us, they need some more time, we've got a good number of payment plans out there. So you made your comment. I think you're right. There's some folks where that government supplement mattered. That didn't matter as much to us, but there was a few employees -- or a few people excuse me residents of ours that did lose their jobs and that's certainly in the number that we wrote off in the quarter. But there is some of that that's likely behavior-driven and that's something that will work itself out over the next whatever number of quarters.
Mark Parrell: So we're fortunate with these eviction moratoriums instead high-quality resident base where again our people are getting great service. I mean, I read all these comments Haendel and it's really awesome that we get from the people that work for Michael and on site. And it's folks that interact with our service personnel, our customers, our residents, interact with our concierge, with our on-site staff. And they say, terrific things. So a lot of our people they don't hate their landlord. They like their experience with us. They think we're doing a good job. They appreciate how hard we work during the pandemic to keep them safe. So the good news for us is, most of our residents pay and that's not a problem. In terms of these eviction moratorium which have been tough on a lot of more affordable landlords I think the right answer is, what the industry has been pushing National Multi Housing Council and others which is the proposal, the idea of putting more cash in the pockets of renters so they can pay their rent. The idea of putting this loss entirely on landlords and breaking the residential housing system in the United States is just a terrible idea in the long run. And I think the answer is, if the need is great then we as taxpayers have to shoulder that burden. Congress needs to appropriate the money. President needs to sign the law and the money needs to go either directly to landlords or to residents who are in need so they can make their payments. So landlords in turn -- I mean EQR for example our biggest single expense is $400 million a year in property taxes. That in turn support all the first responders, in these hard-pressed municipalities and stuff and as well as our significant payroll costs and keeping our properties up. So I guess Haendel, it's about having that conversation with people and explaining the whole, I've heard it called connected ecosystem here. I mean so -- but again for EQR it hasn't been quite as big an issue yet, but I think in the long run these eviction moratoriums are pretty awful idea. And I think they become less and less justifiable as time goes on. 
Mark Parrell: Wow. A lot in that question. I'm hesitant to give you guidance. I mean we don't have any formal guidance. And I'm hesitant to suggest any particular quarter for things changing on the NOI front. It doesn't mean that we have pessimism. It's just impossible with the public health emergency to predict. But I will tease this color out. Again on the rate side it, takes a while for it to go negative and a while for it to go positive. And that's what we've been talking about. The little offhand comment we made was on occupancy. Right now we have buildings that are occupied in the high 80s that are very desirable buildings. And when New York becomes New York again and people move back, that improvement in occupancy will be immediate. And that will go to the top line immediately and to the NOI number you referred to. So rate takes a while both up and down. This was quick because there was so much pressure. On the way up, you should expect it will take a while on rates to get rid of the concessions start moving rate. That will take a little while, but the occupancy boost will feel more immediate. And unfortunately I mean this portfolio was running 97%. Right now this morning we're 89.9%. So right at 90% as Michael said. You could make up 7 points in occupancy, if the city became the city again pretty quick. And again, I'm not predicting when that occurs, but I think there's an occupancy opportunity for us but which quarter it all occurs just depends on when the virus gets better. 
Mark Parrell: And I want to add, Alex. People, who are applying for us, are putting down a deposit and paying a fee. So when they're involved with us, it isn't -- you make it sound like it's a little bit of a bid. I mean at that point, we've sort of agreed on price with them, subject to a credit and criminal background check review. And they move -- the great preponderance of those people end up moving in with us. So applications for us, just so you understand, are a forward indicator of move-ins. This month's applications are next month's move-ins, and are -- that month's reduction in left to lease and that next month's increase in occupancy. Maybe that helps you. So the quality -- and we do qualify people based on the rent without the concession, just to be really clear about that. So they can afford to pay the face rent, not just the rent, reduced on some effective basis by the concession.
Mark Parrell: Yeah, there were some -- it's Mark. There were some discussion Alex, we've heard from our people in Southern California, both hospitality plays, strip centers in the Los Angeles area strip retail, of which there's a fair amount that might go residential. So there is some conversation, and I've heard about it, particularly in Southern California as to both hospitality and retail. There's other spots we've been involved with shopping center owners, and thinking about repurposing out lots and things like that. So there's a fair bit of conversation on that. But, again most recently, I've heard a fair bit about it in Southern Cal.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Alex, it's Mark. We're going to split that up. I'm going to ask Bob to talk about capital markets and the debt maturity, we got coming next year that's at pretty high rate. He can go through in a second. On our end, you're going to see that in the quarter at least G&A and property management, our overhead categories collectively were down, I think, it was 10% or 15%. You should expect that to continue. I mean, we're certainly responsive to the fact that cash flow's going down and overhead needs to follow that. So, there'll continue to be adjustments in that regard. I don't feel like we have a lot of folks that aren't being well utilized. I think it's just a matter of what is going to be sort of bonus compensation, those sorts of things. That's where the discussions lie. And then just running the business more efficiently, Michael talked earlier about he did in terms of remote leasing. That certainly has impacts on headcount. So things like that. So you should expect that we will be just as relentless. I'm not -- again, I don't feel like we have a lot of people sitting around on their hands, but I do think we need to be responsive to the fact that NOIs are going down and overhead needs to respond to that. And you can see in the third quarter, it did and you should expect it will continue to.
Mark Parrell: So, Alex, we believe in the sanctity of contract both ways. And so these people we don't have the ability to evict them. So, there are some number of people that can pay that haven't. We'll continue to monitor that situation. Again, we're always willing to -- some people haven't even communicated with us. We talked about ghosting on the last call and had a little fun with that, but we've got to have these conversations with people figure out how we can help them, how they can meet their contractual obligation to pay rent and how we can move forward. There is no rent forgiveness program at Equity Residential.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So again, I don't understand all the back and forth on the tax side with our peer. But I would say that most joint venture transactions when you're keeping the cash. And you're the 40-plus percent seller, which does create gain, unless you do a lot of structuring things that create other risks. So doing a JV is great to prove value to create diversification to get new capital and all those other things. But in terms of it being a great way to sell an asset it isn't a whole lot different than just selling it out, right. So I guess I'd say on the tax side, I look at the JV and I look at an asset sale relatively similarly. Now if a JV partner, an institutional investor wanted to be in with us in a market. And they would provide a better price and better terms on the portion they were purchasing, because they are differently correlated than just the straight up buyers, we'd be interested in that we're open minded. We have very few JVs, but we've done many in the past. And so, I guess, I'd say, Michael, we're open to doing some JVs at some of our assets and maybe some of our urban assets if the price made sense to us. But it -- getting cash out and buying stock back just to use the most obvious example, is a pretty hard thing to do at least in great size, without triggering some kind of special dividend requirement or really stressing your tax situation.
Mark Parrell: Every company has got its own goals and motives, but the way I've been taught for years is to not pay taxes earlier, than you need to. And so there isn't a great deal of desire on the part of our Board to create a taxable event, just so that the company has more flexibility in selling assets. So if we need that flexibility, we can manage that at the time. And we did do a special dividend before. And that's because giving capital back to the shareholders, in that case made so much sense. So I guess I'd rather address that on an as-needed basis, rather than do it in some parameter fashion.
Mark Parrell: Well, we thank you for the interest in Equity Residential for sticking with us on a long call. And we wish everyone well. Thanks.
Bob Garechana: So I'd say that it's geographically focused, right? So some -- the bad debt is running higher in places like Los Angeles, which was before the pandemic, the area where you probably had the highest or the most constrained kind of rent to income levels. So you may have had probably centers or pockets, where you had a little bit more gig economy stuff. So some people have lost their jobs. We're talking about a pretty small population base in the aggregate of call it 1,100 folks that are in that bad debt piece anyways. So it's -- there is some job loss, right, but for the most part to Mark's earlier point, we think our general demographic isn't really driving it. And I'll tell you, it's been really consistent and hasn't changed much. Mark said in his prepared remarks, we had this pocket of how our policy works. But if you look at individual accounts like you've had the same accounts, they hit the 3x. They kind of peaked in July. And since then, we haven't really added very much at all to that non-payer bucket. It's actually the same kind of existing group that has just continued not to pay that is there at 9/30.
Bob Garechana: Sure. So we remain reasonably confident on defeating Prop 21. I think the industry is well organized. Barry Altshuler, who's one of our senior investment guys is the President of the California Apartment Association with other industry leaders. He's just led a really great campaign to educate people in California. That Prop 21 doesn't create a single unit new unit of affordable housing. It doesn't put anyone who's homeless into a home. All it does is discourage investment in our markets in housing. So I think what we feel as we've made a good case. Things have changed in terms of the way the vote will be tabulated. I mean it's all remote. It wouldn't surprise us if it continued past the actual election day as maybe more than one election will in the U.S., but we feel pretty good about it. There was a good poll in one of the Southern California papers on this as well. So at this moment, we're feeling reasonably confident, but it's a presidential election year. A lot more people will be voting than voted in 2018 and we'll keep making our case to the people in the state of California all the way through November 3.
Bob Garechana: And in terms of vote places, yes there's not a lot. There's a ballot measure in Colorado that would raise property taxes for residential both homeownership and apartment owners and stuff like that, but it's just not nearly as significant as Prop 21. So that's where for us at least most of the action is.
Bob Garechana: Sure. Well we'll do a quick survey. So Washington state, they're obviously they're going to have their legislative election. There's been some discussion there about California-tyle rent control, meaning a CPI plus and inclusive of vacancy decontrol. The industry continues to talk about that with them. There's some real downsides to part of that approach, but we're engaging in that conversation. As you go across a little less pressure in Massachusetts, certainly New York has its own set of elections in a week and we'll see what that ends up being. But I would imagine there's always things to talk about in New York, but there isn't anything on the hopper. And as I understand, it the general assembly isn't in session. So we don't need to worry about that at the moment. Washington D.C. city council is considering various rent control measures, a few of which are highly negative. We don't think those are likely to go through. We're having constructive conversations there through our trade association. So there's always things that we're looking into Rob and we're always out there supporting. And we have a pretty active engagement with policymakers and when it's a ballot proposal with the whole electorate on this stuff. And usually, once you have the conversations, you and explain what's really going to happen here the emotional satisfaction of rent control, usually fades away because it doesn't work. I mean universally academics tell you it doesn't work and the market experience shows it doesn't work. And we try and talk about ways to improve zoning, to create private incentives, so that people are out there building more affordable. So that's really the battle.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So because that also depends on who controls the Senate and whether the House stays where it is now and -- but it's really hard to speculate on. I mean I think it's pretty well understood the programs people have. I mean some of the things you didn't mention for example, more certainty on immigration and more positive immigration policies would be helpful to us. More regulation would generally not be positive for us. Some things like taxes changing may create more or less economic growth. So it's hard for me to say that, EQR is a particular dog in this fight and I'm hesitant to get involved in any of that. So -- but I do think the mortgage tax thing it wasn't a big impact on us before when they took it away, so I doubt it will matter very much here to us at all. I think a stimulus package to me, I think after the election's done, I would guess there's a pretty high chance that that will get done because once the election's done given how frail the stock market and the economy feel, I think the politicians will look at each other and go, okay we need to do this now and there's not as much risk to the election is over and there's no benefit to be gained from waiting. So I guess, I'm sort of expecting some stimulus to happen after the election. That seems like the bedding line out there regardless of who wins. 
Bob Garechana: And on the balance sheet side, Alex as you think about it, you've got the big maturity the $750 million maturity in 2021. That does carry a 4.625% coupon, and we could refinance that today on a 10-year basis at call it 2%. So there is still a positive arbitrage between the refinancing activity going forward. So that exists frankly if you look at our maturity schedule on Page 2018 not just in 2021, but continue in 2022 based on where -- and 2023, despite the fact that we don't have a ton of debt maturing.
Bob Garechana: Yeah, I don't think we're just going to wait for the markets to come back. I think political risk has changed in our markets. I think when we thought about this shift into urban 15 years ago. One of the reasons we liked the urban centers was it was politically difficult to build, that the politics created a supply constraint that we like. So to be honest some of the markets were chosen with some of that in mind, Alex. And then as time has gone on, I would say what's happened is that there's this bit of a bias against landlords. There's a bit of a regulatory mindset that is challenging to work through and we do think political risk is higher in our markets. And one of the reasons to spread our capital out both in the suburbs of our markets, because a lot of rent control and rent regulation is local, okay? Some of it is at the state level, but a lot of it is local. So you might want to be in a metro, but you may not be want to be exactly where you were in the center before. So you should expect we'll continue responding to that risk by spreading out and also going into some metros where the supply risk may actually be worse in some of those other metros we're not in, but you're getting some compensating political risk benefits. I'll also say that you didn't mention it quite as much, but the fiscal situation is quite concerning in some of our markets by the way also in some markets we're not in, okay? So, there's plenty of municipalities under a lot of stress. That's another thing we keep in mind. So, whenever we buy an asset, we underwrite or develop an asset. Two, we underwrite the locality, the county, the state and how it looks from a financial perspective and think about as a land -- long-term owner of this property whether that's a risk we're willing to take. So, I think we're pretty focused on managing our existing political risk by having like, again, this big outreach to politicians and to policymakers we talked about and then secondarily just over time shifting some of our capital to places that maybe are a little friendlier in that regard.
Bob Garechana: Yeah. That's a great point about we'll continue to try in our materials for NAREIT to continue to elaborate on that, because the virtuous cycle for us the beginning of improvement begins with retention improving and with applications holding. They don't have to go up from here and likely won't just given seasonally where we are, but continuing to outperform on applications which again a month later are move-ins and doing better on renewals especially in these urban markets. That will start solidifying occupancy. That will start giving Michael confidence to start removing concessions. So we absolutely will try and be as clear as we can about, historical trends. And you've been around a long time. So this gets confused with you've got this cycle win this economic cycle on top of just our seasonal cycle. So you have two things going on. We may tell you in December that, applications went down but they're still three times what they normally are in December, right? But they're less than November. So we'll try and do a good job of being clear on those things.
