David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Last night, we reported operating results for the third quarter and first 9 months of the year which were very much in line with our expectations. We also provided guidance for the entire year for same-store revenue growth that was right on our original numbers of 4.4%; for same-store expenses that will come in at 3.3%, the high end of our original expectations, as our worst fears about real estate tax increases came true; and same-store NOI of 5.1%, a bit below our original midpoint due to these higher expenses. As expected, San Francisco, Denver and Seattle continued to lead the way with very impressive quarterly and year-to-date performance. And as we discussed on our last call, in late July, new supply in Washington, D.C. is beginning to impact our numbers. 2013 has been a tremendous year for Equity Residential and we're very pleased with the exceptional portfolio we created and with our operating results, thus far, this year. We remained focused on core coastal markets and expect that, with the benefit favorable demographics and the high cost of single-family housing in our markets, to produce very good revenue and FFO for years to come. And last night, we also provided guidance for same-store revenue growth for next year of 3% to 4%. And note, that our same-store set of 2014 will include the nearly 18,500 units that we acquired in the Archstone transaction. Not surprisingly, our revenue growth estimates for next year are impacted significantly by having nearly 19% of our 2014 same-store revenue coming from the Washington, D.C. market, which we expect to produce slightly negative revenue growth next year. More importantly, however, we expect many of our other markets to continue to deliver strong, above trend revenue growth in 2014. To take you through what we're seeing across our markets today and how we're thinking about next year, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Operating Officer, David Santee.
David J. Neithercut: Great. Thank you, David. On the transaction side, as noted in the press release last night, we've sold $4.36 billion of assets through the first 9 months of the year and expect to sell 1 or 2 additional assets in the fourth quarter, which will bring us to $4.4 billion of disposition for the full year, and that compares to our most recent guidance of $4.1 billion. The increase in guidance is the result of having sold one of our largest single properties this past quarter. And that was in the Mission Valley submarket of San Diego, where we sold 1,410 units in 62 buildings, over 75 acres. This asset traded for $360 million. A confidentiality agreement prevents me from saying what the cap rate was on this deal, but I can tell you it was well below the average cap rate than what we've sold everything else year-to-date. While this was not a must-sale for us in any regard because we, frankly, we like Southern California, a garden asset of this size and age is not terribly liquid and we thought it prudent to monetize our investment while there was a strong demand for Southern California assets and a continued low interest rate environment. So we started our process that produced the bid that we thought made sense for us and are pleased that, that bid delivered an unleveraged IRR of nearly 12% -- 12% over a 16-year holding period. Other asset sales continued our market exits from Tacoma, Phoenix and Atlanta. In a very busy quarter, on the development side of our business, with 3 starts totaling $366 million, bringing our year-to-date starts to nearly $500 million. We also began pre-leasing 4 projects and, during the quarter, we sold 2 land sites. In addition to the $500 million of starts through the first 9 months of the year, we have 4 deals totaling nearly $800 million that could start very soon. What doesn't start in the fourth quarter this year, will likely start in the first quarter of next year; 2 of these sites are in San Francisco and 2 sites in Southern California. The disclosure of our development business in last night's earnings release, shows about $1.6 billion of active development currently underway and $262 million completed and in lease up. I'll remind you, that of this $1.9 billion, 5 assets totaling about $300 million, which came to us as part of the Archstone transaction, are not considered core investments, and we would expect to sell those following lease up and stabilization. In addition to that, which we've already started in those projects, which we will start very soon, we have 12 additional land sites and those are owned or controlled, representing a pipeline of nearly 3,500 units in terrific urban core locations in our core markets, with development costs of approximately $1.5 billion. As a result, our development starts would be elevated relative to historical run rates and could average close to $1 billion both this year and next. I'm happy to say 100% of which will be totally self-funded with free cash flow, disposition proceeds or use of our $2.5 billion credit facility. Going forward, my expectation is that by 2015, our starts will be more in the range of $500 million to $750 million a year And with that, I will now turn the call over to Mark Parrell.
David J. Neithercut: But that market has been sort of operating under uncertainty of the sequestration and everything else that's going on. So I mean, it didn't add anything more than I think the weight that, that market had been carrying for quite some time.
David J. Neithercut: I don't know that we've seen any material differences. I think, again, it comes down to location, location, location. One of our best performing assets in downtown D.C., #1500 Mass, is a 50-year old building. So I can't point to anything that would lead us to think that there's that much difference in the asset class.
David J. Neithercut: We've got 4 sites in San Francisco -- actually 5 sites in San Francisco, so that would be a pretty good market share. We've also got a couple of sites in D.C. that are kind of on ice at the present time. We've got a very nice site, the Howard Hughes site, down in Southern California. And I think that's generally what you'll see. And then we've got -- and we certainly have some things in Seattle -- in some Downtown Seattle and some South Lake Union sites in Seattle.
David J. Neithercut: No. They're in the plus -- several are in the plus $200 million range, yes. If that's what you mean.
David J. Neithercut: Well, our focus has been really urban core locations, not suburban, but urban core locations. And those are, by definition, going to be a little more expensive assets. And so you'll see us doing fewer starts, but they are likely to be more expensive, yes.
David J. Neithercut: A very good question and one that we talked about ourselves. And I guess it came down to the fact that we believe that we had a pretty good handle on it, a good view, that our people across the country, our systems, our process, and the experience that we've got gave us a good enough look at it that -- and when we have that, we felt it was appropriate to share, and that to sit on it for 90 days was not the right thing to do.
David J. Neithercut: Well, in our sort of pipelines, that million -- $1.5 billion or so of pipeline, at current rents we think were low-5s to mid-6s and these are markets all day long, that are in the 4s, and some of these assets could trade in the high 3s on a stabilized basis [indiscernible].
David J. Neithercut: On a quarter-over-quarter basis, as an example, Denver sticks out in my mind. That was down -- compared to Q3 last year, down 600 basis points. I'm just kind of scanning the markets. That's probably the most notable, I would say. Everything else is maybe 100, 200 basis points.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, it was. I mean, we just looked at what we thought the fundamental underlying value was of our assets and looked at what that was relative to our stock price and thought that the stock market was trading those assets at a significant discount. And again, as I've mentioned several times already today, we own assets today that there is an extraordinary demand for by institutional investors that are paying cap rates in the low 4s and perhaps even high 3s, yet our stock today is trading at an implied cap rate that is representative of a lot of the assets we've sold in commodity markets over the past 9 months. So again, we pay a great deal of attention to that, we pay a great deal of attention to that as we buy assets, as we start new development transactions. So I'll just -- not sure what more I can say on that matter except that we do paid a close attention to it. And as you noted, we were amongst the most aggressive back when an opportunity presented itself some time ago.
David J. Neithercut: So Rich, this is David. So we don't use loss-to-lease. Basically, we look at the value of our rent roll in December and pretty much multiply that times 12 and divide it by 2013, and that gives us our embedded growth. We're going to assume that occupancy remains, for the most part, steady. And so that embedded number is 1.9%. So if the value of our rent roll remains constant all through next year, all other variables are constant, then we do a 1.9%. As -- beyond that, it's really a market by market looking at our rent trend reports, kind of estimating what we would expect in rent growth based upon what we've seen this year and what we expect from deliveries and just general strength within the market. And then we take a percentage of that number to get a market-by-market number. And then it's just a matter of weighting that -- weighting all those numbers and throwing them into our model.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess the only way that I could answer that is that if you look back over the past 2, 3, 4 years, we've kind of been dead on in our guidance -- in the midrange of our guidance.
David J. Neithercut: So this is David. I guess long answer to the question in 2 directions. First, a lot of the savings that we've realized were accomplished as soon as we plugged those properties into our portfolio and just our operating process. On the other hand, we did bring over all of the Archstone employees, meaning we offered everyone a job, we gave time -- we gave people time to integrate, we've made more selected personnel decisions, and that took from March until the end of July to accomplish that. But again, that was underwritten as well. So we always have higher expectations on our budgets. And I think for the most part, I don't think there's a big difference in what our people on-site are saying and what we're believing as well.
David J. Neithercut: Well, that was a mouthful. I guess it was an awful lot of theory about -- dividend theory about whether or not you're creating value by giving your -- distributing more to your shareholders or not. We'll just put that aside. We believe that the right way to run the railroad is the dividend policy that we've got right now, which is to distribute 65% of our normalized FFO and to retain some capital for -- fund our development, for incremental investment, for a rainy day, what have you. We think that's the right way to do that dividend. We are -- we will be making a presentation to our board at our next meeting about changing the manner in which we pay that dividend. Again, this is all subject to the board approval. But thinking about paying that dividend more pro rata across the year as opposed to smaller payments in the first 3 quarters and then a true-up in the fourth quarter. But I guess I'll just say, as I said again, we certainly appreciate and recognize the discount of what we're trading today. I think we've taken the appropriate actions in the past and demonstrated that we think that way, and we won't hesitate to do that going forward. We think that's the right thing to do.
David J. Neithercut: This is David. I mean, we've never really factored in job growth. We build our expectations from the ground up, what's going on the neighborhood of our communities. Certainly, if we had an environment of more robust job creation, we would feel much better about that, especially for 2014 considering that will be the peak of new supply.
David J. Neithercut: I guess I would say that when we run the numbers, we look out the next 12 months. We either feel like there could be a catalyst or not. And we kind of feel like there's not and that job growth will continue to run in the 150,000 range and anything above and beyond that will be favorable to our business.
David J. Neithercut: So that would be the combined results of Seattle, San Francisco and Denver. And if you want the same-store percentages, I'll probably refer you to Page 9 where we're telling you what the portfolio looks like at 9/30/2013, not same store, but in its totality, because our total unit count, same store as versus total units owned are going to be very similar. So you could see that San Francisco there is going to be 12% or so of our next year same-store NOI, for example.
David J. Neithercut: Yes. I mean, I don't think we thought any differently about D.C. when we underwrote the Archstone portfolio than we thought about our own.
David J. Neithercut: Well, again, of our -- the products we have under construction -- let me back up. What we have delivered and delivered recently has done very well and will meet or exceed our expectations. And some of those deals are in the 8s, okay? So those are the things that we would have bought very low land prices back in 2009, 2010. So those have probably exceeded our expectations, and many of those are in the 8s. What's under construction today, so that which we will deliver very soon, is in the mid-5s, and some of those are even in the low 8s. The pipeline, so those being assets we have not yet started, at current rents, we think those are low-5s to mid-6s. And again, if one where to trend rents, and again, that's not a terrific science, but we think some of those deals would stabilize in the mid-6s to also mid-8s. And again, as I noted, we are in the market -- in the core markets today. The kinds of quality of assets that we now own and operate in these core markets will trade in the mid-4s, low-4s all day long and some of them probably even in the high 3s.
David J. Neithercut: I guess with respect to the elevated levels of dispositions, I can tell you that we are done. We have, for many years, been selling $1 billion, $1.5 billion, maybe even $2 billion, reallocating that capital into our core markets that have been doing so at cap rate spreads between 90 basis points, 60 basis points, as wide as 125. That business is over. What you'll see us do going forward is what I indicated -- we're working on L.A. right now, where we believe for the same cap rate, we can sell an older garden property in the valley and reallocate that into a mid-rise property in a downtown. So you'll see -- I don't know what the volume will be because it will be more a function of what's available and how we think we're going to fund it. But you'll see the spread between what we buy and what we sell narrow considerably, and it will be more tactical. The larger sort of strategic work is done and it will just be more sort of local and more tactical. The land sites we sold, one was the legacy site that we've had for quite a while in Chino Hills in Southern California. And then we sold an Archstone land site in which we had a 23% interest in the San Diego market.
David J. Neithercut: This company has done an extraordinary amount of very successful and very value-creating work this year. And we've had to deal with a great deal of execution risk in getting the Archstone trade done. And really, that has been what our focus has been; making sure that we got the disposition done as we said, at the prices that we had hoped to get, the balance sheet restructuring that Mark has done, putting us in a position where, frankly, we could consider such a thing. And as I said before, and hopefully we can put this matter to bed, at least for this call, that we will continue to consider going forward. So we needed to get ourselves in a position, Michael, where we could do that.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I think in my comments as I said when you do the calculus on a fixed handle [ph] real estate tax, that being 35% of our total expense makeup and we -- we're going to assume that we have very minimal growth across all the other account lines with some savings in property management, I don't -- I guess I would say next year looks very similar to this year.
David J. Neithercut: All right, thank you very much, Lilly. Thank you, all, today. But before we close the call, I want to say a few quick words about our friend and colleague John Collins. Well, some of you may know but most of you may not know, John has decided to retire after a distinguished 19-year career at Equity Residential. During these last 19 years, John has played a very important role in 80 earnings calls, 40 NAREIT conferences and hundreds, if not thousands, of investor meetings across the country. Today is John's last earnings call with us. Next month will be his last NAREIT conference. And so I ask you all, please don't forget to say your farewells to John in San Francisco next month. On behalf of everyone at Equity, I will tell you we will miss John's wit and his wisdom as he transitions to life's next great adventure. We thank him for his many contributions in making Equity Residential such a great and highly respected company. Thank you, John, and thank you, all, in the call for your time today, your interest in Equity Residential. We'll see you in San Francisco.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, it's tough to sort of say, but we believe strongly that with the markets that we are now operating in, these urban core markets, and as we look at the demographic picture, the cost of single-family housing in these markets, which is a significant multiple more than average across the country, look at what's happening to what we think jobs are going to be going forward, we think that we are in a position to having a nice and extended run of very strong performance.
Mark J. Parrell: Really, not much at all. We think that -- we continued to see maybe slow increases in values of kind of core, core-plus products and have not seen much of any diminution in value of a lesser quality product. This is a very, very -- it remains a very strong demand for both classes.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I guess I can tell you that having acquired $1 billion, or so, of stock back, it's something that is, certainly, part of our calculus, and will remain part of that.
Mark J. Parrell: We didn't break those out for 2014. I mean -- but based upon performance, there really shouldn't be any material difference. I will say that, when you look at the first part of next year and you look back at the impact to the operations on the Archstone portfolio, just as a result of the announcement, I think that, in the near term, or at least for Q1, we would expect the Archstone properties to do a little better and play catch up from last year. But by the end of the year, their role isn't a material difference.
Mark J. Parrell: I guess, our comments, Dave, are sort of market by market, submarket by submarket. So, certainly, because of the overweight of D.C, that portfolio would underperform. But relative to the Archstone assets in D.C. versus EQR, or in Seattle or any other market, we would expect those to perform relatively -- comparably, but for the little bit of pickup we may have in the first quarter, in the Archstone portfolio.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I guess, there's nothing more to say about my prior answer, Dave. I think we've demonstrated ourselves as the company willing to acquire stock, we have in the past. And, again, it would certainly be part of our calculus. With respect to just pricing, I can tell you that our team, everyday, sees the kinds of properties that we own and we'll happily own for a long time. Trading today in markets certainly in the 4s and, in some markets, maybe even in the 3s. And so at EQR, trading today kind of in the mid-5s. I think it's quite an opportunity relative towards [indiscernible] trading on a one-off basis out there. So our focus today is just going to be execute, execute, execute. Again, we're happy with the assets we've got. We think they'll remain, I think, an extended period of very solid performance and the stock price will take care of itself.
Mark J. Parrell: So, I'll tell you that we remain a company that has, I think, the capacity to be very opportunistic and the intent of being very opportunistic. We'll continue to sell assets where we believe we ought to, and reallocate that capital into assets in our core markets. We will continue to have a development business. As I said earlier, we'll be a $500 million to $750 million of start per year business. And we'll, again, remain very opportunistic. I think we demonstrated that in 2009 and 2010, and we'll be prepared to do that again. We certainly have got rehabs going across our portfolio that we think, incrementally, will help, repositioning assets across the portfolio. But again, it's -- for the time being, I think it's execute, execute, execute. We've got a couple of billion dollars of starts this year and next year. And also, I think that we've got our hands full and you can expect us to have our nose to the grindstone on those particular subjects.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I'll let David say a few comments in just a moment. Clearly, there an awful lot of units coming online. Certainly, there remains an extraordinary amount of dysfunction in D.C. And yet, if you look at third parties' expectations of household formation in that market over the next few years, we believe that there will -- these units will absorb. I mean, it won't be pretty maybe getting there, but we think that there will be a lot of incremental demand going forward.
Mark J. Parrell: Again, we have -- all of our acquisitions, David, have been self funded. So it's really -- do we see opportunities instead of arbitrage, what we can sell versus what we can buy? In fact, I'll tell you that we're working on a deal right now in Southern California that we think we can sort of acquire at a cap rate very similar to the cap rate at which we can sell, something that we think is out in the Valley. So I mean, those -- that's the kind of trading I think we'll do. But as I've said in my -- one of my previous answers, we'll remain very opportunistic. And if there are opportunities to buy and, frankly, they're maybe in Washington, D.C., for instance. I don't think we'd hesitate to take advantage of those opportunities.
Mark J. Parrell: Really, absolutely none. We had made arrangements to work with the government employees should it continue and waived late fees and what have you. But really, we saw nothing that we could -- nothing that was tangible.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. I kind of regret the $800 million being refinanced now at 4.2%. And that rate is a little less than 4%. So if prevailing rates where 4.25% and higher, we would -- this decision we just made will be a good one financially for us. And if it was -- if rates were 3%, then it wouldn't be. But we did think that, that was a good way to kind of hedge out. That's a big exposure for us in '17, we have a lot of debt due in that year. We also had all these other things we were trying to balance out. So that was the analysis.
Mark J. Parrell: No, I think we're done. I mean, the important message to kind of get across here is we needed to get our hands on $9 billion of capital to fund Archstone, and we did $4 billion plus of that through the dispositions that were right on -- on the numbers we thought, right on NAV. We raised $3 billion through the equity market and $1 billion directly and $2 billion through Lehman and we think that blended price was good. And we needed to make the debt stack make sense. So that other $3 billion or so that we assumed had a duration, Rich, of like 2 years. And so we had a bunch of debt on assets we hopped on 10 or 20 years that has a duration of 2. And by doing what we did this quarter, we have fixed that and we can move forward. And I think the capital structure is balanced.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, I'm sorry, you're talking about prop management cost closure or prop management cost split between same store? I want to make sure I understand your question.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes, these are the centralization and scaling initiatives that David Santee has led here at EQR. And it has gone very well for us, and we hope to continue to harvest some of those benefits. I mean, we're just much more concentrated now, and all the back-office functions that lead into property management has been kind of evaluated and resized to support that more concentrated portfolio. So that's what we're seeing.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, that's going to be harder to trend at the same rate because as we exit markets and are able to exit the infrastructure of those markets, that's where a lot of that is also rolling off, right? We managed to bring these Archstone assets on -- $9 billion of Archstone assets, sell $4.4 billion of assets, and we'll have fewer people running that larger portfolio. So no way we'll be able to sort of see the same improvement or same year-over-year change as we've seen initially. I have every expectation that David and his team will continue to squeeze as much out of it as they possibly can and you certainly would not expect to see this same kind of run rate.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, yes. I mean, we -- our focus for the next couple of years will most likely be on the service side. So there remains opportunities in consolidating operations at the property level. And in addition, we did make some more senior-level changes in the property management organization in the past month that will contribute to below-average growth in property management cost for next year as well.
Mark J. Parrell: And we'll get -- and then we'll help get the 3 million additional 20 or 30 year olds that are living with mom and dad out of the house and get those missing households back into the marketplace.
Mark J. Parrell: We look at the economies and sort of see it operating today, not robust growth, 150,000 or so jobs a month, maybe 170,000 or so, I guess what they've done year to date, and just kind of roll that forward. But we also do -- as David said, we really look at this neighborhood by neighborhood and submarket by submarket and give our best guess. And if -- let me tell you, if we took 7.2 unemployment down to 6.5, and that's -- that job growth significantly changed, yes, that will be certainly be helpful on the upside, and it sure would help in Washington, D.C.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, as David, I think, said in his opening remarks, Seattle has absorbed a lot of new units. It's been one of our top performers and we expect to continue to be a top performer on the operating side. And there continues to be a lot of demand by institutional investors for sort of core-plus and lesser-quality assets in that marketplace. So I guess it's across every market in which we currently operate, and we think the markets in which we no longer operate, based upon what we've seen in selling a lot of assets and commodity markets, there just remains very strong demand for good quality, cash flowing assets like multi-family.
David S. Santee: I guess I would add that when you look at the distribution of all these units across the metro area, certainly, a lot of those are downtown. When you start looking at deliveries into 2015, they spread out more to the burbs, which would not be a great as impact to our portfolio. When you add in the Archstone portfolio to next year, many of those communities that we acquired at Connecticut Avenue are virtually insulated from development. So I think it'll just come down to the timing of the deliveries in conjunction with what's going on with the politics in D.C. Another benchmark we just started our lease-up, Belle Pre in Alexandria. We are leasing new units at our pro forma net effective rents and our pace of leases is very robust. I mean the pace of lease-up is exceeding expectation. That can be said for many of our new developments. So when you look back over the last 24 months, base rents have been relatively flat. And then if you go back to 2007, 2008 in the downturn, renewals kept exploding and renewals will offset some of that negative rent increase. And I don't think, at the end of the day, it will be as bad as people think.
David S. Santee: This is David. I mean, certainly, there are stronger pockets in New York. But I think, generally speaking, we don't see any market-wide slowdown, certainly as you'd move further away from Manhattan. Revenue growth is not as robust. Jersey City is less robust than Manhattan, moving down Fairfield, Connecticut. And we -- so the activity is still in the urban core. And one of the things that we really haven't seen this go around is the moving to Jersey City. I mean, historically, when rents have elevated in Manhattan, we see a pretty strong demand in Jersey City. But we're not seeing this, this go around.
David S. Santee: With respect to corporate leasing, spending my first 10 years in this industry at Oakwood Apartments, taking corporate leases feels good when they come in, but there's a long tail when they move out. And one of our goals, over the past 12 months, is to continue to add more strategy around when and where and how many corporate apartments we take. It certainly does not fit into our branding expectations of creating long-term loyal customers. And so I think we have been trying to wean ourselves off that drug, so to speak, and we'll continue to evaluate on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
David S. Santee: In our portfolio today? Gosh, I mean, again, you have to kind of define what you mean by corporate leases. There are many -- in New York, we have lots of missions and types of apartments like that, that have been with us for 10 years or so. So it's very -- it's not as easy just to say we have this many corporate units. But we're definitely trying to get out of the short-term block of business type corporate function, especially in the world -- or the era of Airbnb. Airbnb is creating some very unique challenges for owners in, especially in New York City and Seattle. And that's something that we have to keep in front of us.
David S. Santee: Let's see. For November, what they went at -- renewals went out for November at 7.4%. And we achieved -- yes, it's a little early to quote our November. But we're already at 5%. I mean, when people get the lower increases, they pretty much sign immediately. So the closer we get to expiration date, the numbers climb. But for December, we sent out a 7.9%. And we have achieved a 4.3%. But again, that number will grow substantially.
David S. Santee: Yes. Well, I mean, a lot of it is just -- it's an entirely different portfolio with different weightings. And I think I said earlier in the comments that Washington, D.C. will weigh down the portfolio. So I think you have to kind of really look at it market by market and the contribution -- of percentage of revenue in each market and then the expected rate of change for next year.
David S. Santee: Well, we certainly -- I mean, that's how we build our model. So we certainly have expectations. And a lot of those -- I mean, renewals are pretty much a function of what we've accomplished this year and assuming that you will have rent growth next year at specified levels.
