David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. As reported in last night's earning release, our teams across the country did just a great job during the first quarter. Achieving 5% growth in same store revenue which was driven primarily by continuation of the strong occupancy that we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. We also did a terrific job on controlling expenses and delivered first quarter NOI growth of 7% and normalized FFO growth for the quarter of 11.3%.  There is absolutely no doubt that we continue to enjoy very strong apartment demand across our core markets. And David Santee will go into much detail in just a moment. But the strength is been experienced in nearly every market in which we operate. Driven by all that which we’ve talked about over the last several years, including modestly improving economy that help produced a million new jobs in the last four months, 3.3 million in the last year. The creation of new households by the millennial generation which is generating significant demand for rental housing which is not being met by new supply today and the desire of so many to live in 24x7 cities across the country that have very high cost for the single family home ownership.  So, all in all multifamily fundamentals remain very favorable. The first quarter of 2015 produced very strong operating performance and we’re pleased there are results here to-date and how we are positioned going into the primary leasing season have enabled us to raise our same store revenue guidance for the year to 4.3% to 4.7%.  With that said, I’d let David Santee discuss in more detail what we’re seeing across the country today. 
David Neithercut: Great, thank you David. As evidenced by the recent activity in our sector that remains a very strong bid for multifamily assets for many different segments in the investment community. As a result, the first quarter saw no acquisition activity in our part as pricing remains aggressive. We did sell three assets in the first quarter, two in Redmond, Washington and one in Agoura Hills, California for a total of $145.4 million at a 5.27% cap rate that we sold with the expectation that the buyer acquired about a 5% yield on those deals. These assets were each multiple building, gardens now assets average in 31 years of age and represented opportunities for us to sell into a strong investor demand of value-add product. Thus far the second quarter we have had some transaction activity occur that we think an interesting example of the market trading that you’ll see as try and undertake going forward. Two weeks ago, we required a recently completed 202 unit property in Boston or a $131 million and a low four cap rate. Around that same time, we also sold a 41 year old 193,000 square foot medical office building in Boston or a 123.5 million or $639 per square foot at a mid four cap rate. This property is located next to Mass General and was required as part of our charges with investment 16 years ago with the current demand or healthcare assets, we saw great opportunity dispose of this billing and trade into a multi-family asset with far more upside in both earnings and NAV growth going forward. On the development side, we commenced construction on one new project in the first quarter representing the last of the four downtown San Francisco sites that we acquired as part of the Archstone transaction. We’re building 449 units at a cost of $290 million and expected yield on cost at today’s rents in the mid fives. We continue to assume that we’ll start about $450 million of new development this year and we have a couple of smaller deals that we’ll have to get underway yet this year to reach that goal. But more importantly similar to the acquisition market there is a lot of capital chasing development opportunities and land pricing has increased significantly. As a result and noted on our last call, we’re not acquiring land to new development of the same rate as we’re commencing construction and existing side in inventory. So in addition to reductions and start this year, we would also expect starts in Q3 is to be down from the level same over the last several years. And with that Ann, we’ll be happy to open the call to questions.
David Neithercut: And the only thing I would add is, the fourth quarter and the first quarter, the numbers are great. Both on new lease rents, both on renewals, but your transactions on those quarters are so few. So that's why I remind everyone that we do have peak deliveries. We're just now entering the peak leasing season where more than 50% of our lease will turn and that's where we will make most of the money. So we don't see any really deceleration, like Mark said, it's just the mechanics of the numbers.
David Neithercut: As a margin? Yes, we put out 66%., 67%, I think those are good numbers. Like I want to point out our margin is fully [indiscernible]. So our property management cost, and everything that it takes to run that operation, IT, all property related legal, I mean all property related accounting -- so just when you're comparing apples-to-apples, you have the right comparative.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess we consider such an event if we did have a use of the capital, and I guess I would suggest you that every day away from us there are trades being printed that demonstrating value of these assets. So I don't think we need to do something to make that clear to marketplace. That's happening every single day all around us. So again if something we consider, if we had a use of the capital, we don't at the present time. Development is fully funded. But it's not something that we would not consider. We will certainly be open-minded, if it makes sense.
David Neithercut: Well, I think you are referring to kind of 97 is the new 95, and I mean I think we are optimistic that could play out. We didn't do anything differently relative to pricing philosophies or processes in Q4 and Q1, but yet demand really is the key driver and if you take the position that some of these core markets are really under house going back 10 years and we have an improving economy, I completely agree that there is no reason why 97 could [audio gap] be kind of the new standard for the years to come in some of these core markets.
David Neithercut: I guess, its portfolio premium or platform value. I don’t know, I think look at quite obvious that the private equity firms have raise off a lot of capital. Many of them under waited, under invested in multi-family. Multi-family is an extremely leverageable asset and I think that’s may people very interest in the space and be willing to be very aggressive in pricing. Whether or not that creating portfolio premium, I can’t tell you what platform value, I’m not sure. But there is no question that is an off a lot of large capital sources out there that have been looking at this space.
David Neithercut: Yes, let me, it’s can’t jumping around for few one, the numbers can play out, you see the strongest growth and the I270 code or suburban Northern Virginia and then South Arlington. However, this year you are going to see most of the deliveries in the I-270 Corridor more possessed. So Q1 the only market that was really negative for us was Alexandria and again South Alexandria, Alexandria is where a lot of the deliveries in 2015 will occur. So what was good this past year will probably be under pressure this year. If that helps.
David Neithercut: Yes, just the change in estimate. This is charge we thought pretty exact comp program would be 11 million and now in the 9 million and just we as we got full information we just refine the estimate.
David Neithercut: I’m not sure I can say anything for certain. Last year a fairly significant share of what we did acquire, we bought either in some stages of lease up and even considered buying something that was under development and my expectation we’ll continue to consider those kinds of opportunities because I think that can help us get a enhanced yield, but I guess it’s very difficult to say if there’s anything going on out there of any sort of opportunity other than there’s just not a lot of supply and a lot of capital chasing it.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, I would say that we’re from a natural gas perspective, we’re writing the market. We did take average of some great for the winter strip beginning December and that continues into March of 2016. So we’ve locking some material savings there. But I think we’ll continue to see days in both electric, electric actually is the bigger driver and as more -- plan in the Northeast convert to natural gas, I think we’ll continue to see benefit from that on both natural gas and electric.
David Neithercut: Well, we keep expecting too. I will tell you every year Alan, George and his guys comeback had may senior into January saying that the brokers have telling them that they’re getting being also to request for opinions and value et cetera and we continue expect to see new supply. But I guess maybe with financing rates available to refinance these assets and just the scarcity of them it’s possible people that are not willing to sell at this period of time. Clearly, we’re probably a little bit more selective and what we’re willing to buy today which may have served narrow the scope of what we’d be willing to consider but there is just not much out there, we do underwrite a lot, we bid on what knowing that we’re not likely win, so we stay in touch of the market. But I think that never seen our acquisition list as be as it is today. 
David Neithercut: Thank you very much. So, before you hang up I want to thank everybody for your time and your interest in Equity Residential today. And to let you know that on Monday afternoon of the meetings in New York City in June we’re got to be hosting some tours of our new developments our Park Avenue South and Amsterdam at 68, street. And you all will be receiving a notice and invitations of that. So, stay tuned for more details. So, thank you very much, look forward to see you all in meeting June. 
David Santee: Well, I’m not sure changed at all, we think that deal today Nick is probably our best located assets in the city. And we underwrote that deal that a high 7% IRR than I think that our expectation over the last several years then high 7, low 8 and we think that this will deliver within that range.
David Santee: Well, essentially all have been doing over the last half of dozen years. So yes, the challenge there is not finding interest in those assets we like to sell as evidence by $4.5 billion of assets we sold to help of the Archstone acquisition. But it’s finding the uptake to redeploy those assets that capital. And I can tell you that of what we own today that we like to sale were no hurry to sell any of it, we’ll happy to continue to own it, we will exit Orlando in the next month or so. But other than that what we have on our listed itself we’ll in the meantime and when we find right opportunities to reallocate the capital we will, but we’re in no rush to do so.
David Santee: I would say would be all of the above. We’re getting low point today where, we can sale last non-core assets in our core markets, while we continue to sell out of non-core. So you’ll see us do both.
David Santee: We haven’t that time of course to analyze the GDP number that just came out a couple hours ago. But some of that relatively low number was based on lower exports and U.S. dollar strength and things that just really don’t have a direct impact and I’m not suggesting none of our residents or employee being export oriented industries. But it’s just I think one number for one quarter and it’s been a pretty uneven recovery. So I guess we don’t, we feel like supplying demands [we can sell] at this point in our business.
David Santee: I guess they are representatives of the assets that we’ve been selling over the past half of those years being older, garden surface park kind of properties and in response to one of your earlier questions that you’ll being to see more of that in our core markets going forward. So the older garden type product in our core markets, you’ll see is trade out going forward providing we can find the reinvestment opportunity.
David Santee: Stabilize this quarter, I mean approaching 6% I guess the deal is that we completed in 2014 which I assume will then be those would stabilize this year. We think we’ll stabilize in the upper five close to 6%.
David Santee: Let me add just one thing here out if I may, I’d be far more concerned about this if we still own the $5 billion of product that we had sold over the last couple of years and what we own today. As I’ve noted in one of my responses to one of the previous question, we’re fine knowing that what we have today and I think that to that source of debt capital is far more important to what we have already sold and what we would sell going forward.
David Santee: Yes I think the later. We’re A2/P2 rated, so corporate own us maybe a life insurance company or two owners love put money aside waiting for long term bond issuances to come out in the market generally. It is at the high quality. They’re not really allowed to own A2/P2 paper, so I don’t think that’s going to make a great deal of difference to us.
David Santee: Well I mean that your biggest cost in vacancy is on turnover is vacancy I mean turn costs are relatively minimal. Actually just in the last let’s just say three weeks, we have sales meetings across all of our markets twice a year and I attended four of them in the past two weeks. And really the easiest way to reduce frictional vacancy is through retention and I think a lot of people in San Francisco understand what’s going on. Residence and under -- in San Francisco expect large increases. We see we get numerous emails from residence regarding renewal increases and what we’ve done is we’ve really made an effort to give our people the tools to better negotiate and not necessarily negotiate but to educate our residents. So our renewal discussions with residents are more about showing them what our competitors are charging bringing up rents on online and so that they can see that this isn’t something that just EQR’s doing, this is a macro event that is impacting pretty much everyone. And I think we have very good success with that and that’s why I think you see even though renewals continue to accelerate, turnover continues to decline. And then certainly just well-located buildings with access to amenities let outside the door and great service by our onsite staff altogether produce great retention.
David Santee: Well so, so that’s – there was a seasonal impact to that, so kind of average days vacant call it November through January or probably in the high 20s as you start getting into high traffic season, it comes down to the low 20s, it’s not 20 on average, but there is a lot of noise in those numbers. What we do is we really hold, we measure the -- whole time. So everyday we’re measuring how many days our staff are holding apartments for people that are moving in the vacant unit. Someone wants to run a vacant unit, they have to kind of take occupancy financial response within five to seven days. And we try to do that on our notice to vacant unit as well and some of that those vacancy days are influence to some degree by the level of rehabs that we’re doing, because it just, it kind of extend out those days by two to three weeks.
David Santee: And David just at a final note. David Santee mentioned on the last call are we moved a lot of our lease expertise around. So that we had four of them in the periods of time where as David Santee said we have the longer whole period. So we have move to significant amount of our lease explorations out of that slower period of demand. So that should give you higher occupancy overtime as well.
David Santee: Yes, I would say in general Bob assets that we considered to be medium long-term holds will continue to do these rehabs as Mark suggested. On assets that we think would be short on term holds that might benefit from such a capital expenditure. We might often sell that asset not unlike the three that we sold in the first quarter for a value add player. We think that we would might realize more value selling that upside to a third-party rather than trying to do it ourselves and then sell it after the fact.
David Santee: I can’t say definitely how many that includes and any that would be shovel ready today may very well be starting. We do have a couple of sites in DC that have kind of been ready for a while that we kind of put on ice, but anything outside of that, they’re not shovel ready yet and when they are ready, we’ll start construction on them.
David Santee: Well I think if you go back and listen to some of our previous discussions, the 421 A abatement or burn off in New York City will add a 160 basis points to maybe a 180 basis points to our real-estate tax number for the next four years to five years. So I think this year, we’ve kind of couple of breaks. There’s still some bright spots that could materialize throughout the year, but I think high 4s low 5s are probably in the cards for the next several years.
David Santee: And let me just maybe answer that question in a different way. And say that our average rent in San Francisco still well below New York City and Boston. Right, so putting a size the rate of average, the absolute rents are still not at the highest in our portfolio.
Mark Parrell: Hi Jack, it's Mark Parrell, and I think David think you'll probably supplement this a little but we are mentioned before we really got a substantial occupancy and as such in the fourth quarter and again repeated that in the first quarter. And occupancy as David think, he just mentioned, remains very high. And so we do have positives in all regards on the operations side. But as you compare our occupancy in the second quarter; that we expect in 2015, the occupancy that we had in 2014, and you keep doing that throughout the year, they get closer those two numbers and there's just less occupancy benefit. So I don't think it's really as much anything about slowing down or decelerating our household formations being worse or anything like that. It's just the mechanics of the numbers when you have this occupancy improvement, that was so substantial, and that was in the slower part of our year in the end of the fourth quarter and be at the beginning of the first.
Mark Parrell: I mean we’ve been monitoring that situation for a while and just so everyone has the fact straight Fannie and Freddie were given by the regulator a $30 billion per year production limit and they are getting relatively close to those limits. Currently the regulator is considering this matter and may have some sort of decision in the near term. What I’ll say about EQR’s capital needs and you were asking more about this positions which I’ll get through in a minute but I mean we’re lucky and it’s enviable position of having access in the secured market and preferred market and the like company market will trade now is very competitive and very strong and all those markets now except the preferred market are cheaper than Fannie and Freddie for us. On the disposition side we have not seen any impact and in fact just sold an asset few days ago in Orlando and though there has been a lot of discussion about this matter in investment sales community. There wasn’t any impact on our pricing we weren’t re-traded on it, so we’ll have to see what the regulator decides i.e., more of the opinion that the market can adjust to some of this if given time, but we’ll just have to wait and see.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I just want to reinforce that distinction between the time of economic responsibility and the time of occupancy. Right, some of the comments any department 60 days is decline to choose or paying for today. And that’s one let me take off a lot of people out there, I think on the top operations that will not require as strict about when we have to take on the financial obligations relatively one actually take, compared to one actually take occupancy.
Mark Parrell: Well, it’s call rental growth. All being in a great asset, in a great location that May as David Santee is discussing today be one that is maybe challenge because of new deliveries, but we think over an extended time period we’ll do very well for us.
Mark Parrell: I wouldn’t think so. I think Sam has demonstrated the sale of EOP that we wouldn’t be too big to sell.
Mark Parrell: I guess, I’m not sure, I can answer question Rich because we didn’t think about it in that manner. We like this asset, we’ve look this asset for a while, that have been first part of like portfolio sale and there is one that we had identified. But we’d like to own if we could break it out of the portfolio. When it became available, we moved on it and my guess is we probably would have bought it. We think positively long-term about this location about the quality of this asset, about what’s happening Boston and my guess is that we probably would have bought it without the sale of the office [building/billing]. But being able to trade with the office building I think probably just help. But I think it is something that we would have strongly considered even if we didn’t have the office building of the source of capital.
Mark Parrell: We are doing and we give you a fair amount of disclosure and then on page 21, our kitchen and bath renovation process which we call rehab and we spend about 50 million doing that, some of that is asset preservation and some of that certainly optional and accretive. We are doing a couple of large redevelopments one specifically out in Los Angeles. We took that asset at a same store. So I think as you see that we own more and more of these that are very hard to replace. I think you’ll see spend money on these larger scale renovations and we move those from same store like other folks do and now these kitchen and bath refreshes I think those will stay in same store and be something we spend $30 to $60 million on the year end. Just help us to stay current in the market.
Mark Parrell: I guess that’s how the process that will analyze Dan when we believe that it might make sense. I’m not sure that if there are [indiscernible] a lot of other sites they’re ready to go, I’m not sure the owners of those sites will have the capital and the financing given that marketplace to go forward and there may be an opportunity for the more highly better capitalized companies to actually sort of get ahead of that, but it’s certainly something that we’ll consider when we decide to go forward on that.
Mark Parrell: Well we’ve been asking that question for four years now. who’s to say, I mean the deliveries are primarily in downtown San Francisco. So you’re not delivering much of anything in the peninsula, a lot of your growth is being, you’re seeing double-digit growth far out in Dublin and now Auckland which was not desirable place to be. So I think what was a Facebook added double the number of positions or increase 50%. As long as that continues, I don’t see any into these increases.
Mark Parrell: I mean we’re still at that flat to down. So I think it’s just going to be the velocity of job growth perhaps change in administration and reallocating more dollars back to defense spending. I think it’s going to take something from the government to really jump start the economy. But like I said, I think it will be a slow call back until there is some meaningful catalysts which most likely would be the federal government.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I guess, I just got no that you can push property back one month and have that be one quarter was really nothing to be. There is no story there Jana.
Mark Parrell: I think what would -- the conversion I think is been more talked than action. There is certainly been some limited but they’re very risky proposition takes an of lot of capital and takes an extremely long time to actually execute and people have talked a lot about potential for conversion but we have seen less than we would expect given the share that we’ve heard about it. 
