Michael Manelis: Yes, sure. Jeff, good morning. This is Michael. So I guess first I'll just say at the top of the house so concessions for us in our portfolio we tend to be more of a net effective shop. So even though I described the concessionary environment and it did cause us to use a little bit more concessions than we expected, on the quarter we were talking about $500,000 -- $600,000 in total concession used across the portfolio with the large majority of that kind of still centered in the New York market. So I think when we think about markets like San Francisco or anywhere that we have this concentration of new supply we expect to see concessions in the new supply typically offering between anywhere between four and six weeks. And we monitor those concessions that they're offering in the marketplace as an indicator of their own velocity. So when we see concessions on new supply in San Francisco start picking up to eight weeks or they start going longer that's an indication that overall their velocity is kind of feeling some pressure. And that's what we're kind of -- we're responding to in the fourth quarter. As I think about the first half of the year what we've seen is a lot of the concessions that we saw in pockets of New York and some pockets of San Francisco on the East Bay start to abate, meaning it's still present at those lease-up properties, but the stabilized assets around them are starting to use less and less concessions. And I've seen this now for the last four weeks we've been monitoring this as we progress through 2020. So I think what you're going to see as demand continues to grow throughout the year like it normally does in a seasonal year, you should expect to see less and less concessions. And our portfolio for the full year we would expect concession use to be very comparable to 2019. And I think just given what we just saw in fourth quarter probably will be more front half-loaded than back half-loaded.
Michael Manelis: Sure. So I would just -- I guess I would say with turnover being down almost 200 basis points for the year the absolute number of move-outs is less on a year-over-year basis. But when you start to look at those that did move out and the reasons they cite for move out we really saw no change across any of the reasons. Home buying runs roughly about 12.5% of the reasons cited for those people that are moving out to buy home. And we saw no change across any of the markets that we're operating in.
Michael Manelis: Well, I guess – this is Michael. So I guess I would just start by saying I think the 30 basis point expectation in growth and new lease change is demonstrating that we're experiencing or we expect to experience growth. It's really just coming off of the deceleration in the back half of 2019 and the fact that now we're expecting kind of to recover and looking at where the supply is on us we think some of that recovery is going to be more back half-loaded. So I think when you think about our guidance you've got to look at the full range that we have out there and understand that. Sure in markets like New York, if we continue to see pricing power return to us quickly and in front of the leasing season, we'll outperform that expectation. But I don't think it's prudent for us to sit here and think about all of the markets with all of the supply that we have coming at us to think that we're going to outperform those expectations early in the year.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So I mean, I think they've stayed pretty consistent and stable. When I say weeks that's on longer-term leases. So we saw them kind of move around with the four to six on just conventional terms. And then they started offering some longer terms. And kind of we're just monitoring that. I mean, primarily now you got Oakland where you've got more assets coming online. So it's a great kind of pocket of assets for us to watch the concessionary environment and it's been fairly stable. They have not been volatile in what they've been doing but they clearly started going long and offering a little bit higher concession rates for those longer term leases and that's what we've been watching.
Michael Manelis: Yes. And I'd say, right now, we have not noticed any material change from the -- looking at the rent stay properties versus kind of the market rate units or market rate buildings. So, we're not seeing any differentiation on turnover. We're not seeing kind of from an operation standpoint, anything yet that has manifested itself where we're going to be running those buildings differently.
Michael Manelis: Well, I guess I would say we gave the top level guidance that would suggest that renewals are going to grow 20 basis points lower than the industry down to 4.7% versus the 4.9% and we're improving new lease change in the overall guidance. So it's our expectation that you're going to continue to see this kind of convergence between new lease rate and renewal, so our expectation is we should start to demonstrate better new lease rate growth and kind of take the impact on the renewal mostly from the rent regulation.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. I guess, I don't know if I would say that it is weak. I look back almost like in 2017, we've gone back over multiple years to understand just rent seasonality, demand seasonality. And really what we saw in 2019 is it kind of just returned back to the norm. And 2018 was the anomaly where you just had that strengthening of demand in that kind of later part of the year that allowed you to accelerate when otherwise you wouldn't expect to. So I think embedded in our normal guidance process right now for 2019 is normal seasonal declines in the fourth quarter -- for 2020 normal seasonal declines for that quarter.
Michael Manelis: So this is Michael. I'll start by saying I think our expectations for the year is very similar. We're not expecting it to continue to go down. But we don't anticipate kind of some reversal in the trend and all of a sudden see a spike in turnover. As far as the contribution goes, clearly if renewals were producing a 49% and you had some subset of your resident -- more residents renewing with you that contribution was boosting the revenue lift for the year versus replacing them and absorbing the vacancy as well as kind of the new lease change at 30 bps. I don't have a quantified number, but I do know that lower turnover at higher renewal rates is a positive.
Michael Manelis: So the vast majority of that $0.07 too John just so you know is -- so we're not changing the profile of the overall credit metrics. We'd expect the credit metrics at the end of 2020 to be very similar to 2019 on kind of all regards. So very healthy very strong. And the bulk of that gain if you will is already locked in by having paid off debt that was in -- five nano coupons with new long-term debt that's in the 2.5% to 3% range.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So if you look at page 18 there -- we disclosed for you in each of the maturity buckets what our weighted average coupons are. And you can see in kind of 2021 4.64% as an example. To give you a point of reference, if we were to issue a 10-year unsecured bond today I would expect that to be at 2.5% or lower. So there is still a fair bit of runway going forward. Certainly, a longer runway than we had anticipated a few years ago because we didn't anticipate rates continuing to be this low for this long, but there is still some favorable refinancing opportunities which we've taken advantage of in the past and we would expect to take advantage of in the future.
Bob Garechana: Joe, I guess, I would tell you it's about probably a 50-50 split when you look at the $5 million between revenue and expense. And on the revenue side it's probably going to equate to roughly 10 basis points of improvement across the various markets that we're doing those operating initiatives in.
Bob Garechana: Yeah. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks there's really four large categories and real estate taxes is by far the largest. So that's at 40%. At the moment we're expecting 3.75% growth to 4.75% growth, so very similar year at the midpoint relative to 2019. The drivers of that continue to be a lot of the same conversation. So that's the 421a tax abatement growth that we're experiencing in New York. But also what's unique in 2020 relative to 2019 and you've heard other companies talk about this in 2019 is that we saw a good meaningful benefit in Seattle, wherein Seattle absolute real estate tax growth was actually negative in 2019, and we're not expecting that or forecasting that to be the case in 2020. On payroll, it's -- which is the next largest category, it's 2.25% to 3.25%. I talked in the prepared remarks about some of the drivers there. It really is mostly the medical benefit piece. The initiatives that Michael is putting in place is really helping us curtail some of that salary growth that we would otherwise have expected. And then finally on the third piece, which is really -- or the third and fourth piece, which is utilities and repairs and maintenance we're expecting normal growth 2.5% to 3.5%.
Bob Garechana: So I don't have that. I have for the renewals that we're kind of expecting to be around 4.2%. I'd tell you from a new lease change standpoint, we kind of wait until quarter-end is to really look at that. But just based on where rents are moving each and every week in our asking rents, I could tell that we're seeing improvement in those stats as well.
Bob Garechana: Sure. Just from a base rent or amenitized rent standpoint, our rents today are up 2.5% over the exact same time -- exact same week last year. And they've been improving each and every week.
Bob Garechana: All right. A lot of questions bundled up into there. But -- so our average age of our assets is about 18 years old. So the portfolio is relatively young. And then again there is some SKU in some of our markets like Boston, New York where we own some great assets, but they're older properties. So I would -- like I said to the prior question say there's always a handful of assets that probably should be sold and we do have a handful of those. And especially when you get the opportunity to do that in a non-diluted basis, you should do that. And we hit the gas on that and we hope to do more of the same. Based on what we heard coming out of National Multi Housing conference last week there seems to be a lot of demand. Some of the deals we're talking about are deals where the buyer may have a value-add thought process so we'll push that. In terms of just moving capital around a little, which I'll take is the middle part of your question we've talked in prior calls about having a little bit less exposure in Washington D.C. maybe shifting some of that capital to Denver. That's really a reaction to what has been consistent high levels of supply in Washington D.C. That said, we're both a buyer and developer in that market and have announced both in 2019 and expect to do the same next year. We'll keep freshening up the portfolio there. But it is an area where we think the supply is pretty continuous. We'd like to own more in Boston and Seattle and we've said that on the call and maybe you'll see us lighten our load a little in California that fund those. In terms of new markets, we do like Austin. There has to be an entry point that makes sense. Obviously when you do an investment pro forma, you start with your price at the beginning. And the price at the beginning for Austin is quite dear. There are assets that are we understand to be trading inside a four cap rate on current rents. That's pretty tight for us to buy into a new market. So there's a lot of markets, several markets that we're monitoring. And I guess I'd say in terms of how the underwriting will differ, well there's probably if you're being really honest some additional property management costs and running an asset away from your main platform. And we often take that into account. And then the rest of it's market specific, how do you feel about cap rates, how do you feel about values, how do you feel about growth rates. We had an advantage with Denver because we knew it so well from being in the market for most of our existence. But these other markets Austin included we were in as well and have a recollection of how that market cycles. So I'll pause there. I don't know if I addressed what you wanted to address.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So there's -- you can kind of see that on Page 30 of the release there's two items that are forecasted. There's $0.01 associated with write-off of pursuit costs. And then there's another $0.01 of other miscellaneous items that includes advocacy costs which we had in historical periods etcetera. So those are the two main drivers.
Mark Parrell: Yes, Nick, thanks for that question. We don't have any more in the portfolio a lot of must-sell, if any must-sell assets. And some of the older assets are some of our best assets in places like New York and Boston. So it isn't always age but I did use that in my remarks as an indicator of quality to some extent. I don't think there's a grand reservoir we have of capital. There are a few assets in every market when you have a $40 billion portfolio that have become less competitive and we'll look to sell those, especially when cap rates are this close between value-add and brand new product and we'll look to trade out to the new products. So I don't have an exact percentage but it's a low single-digit sort of number. And then it's – for us it's just opportunistic. When we see cap rates like this so close together we're going to take advantage.
Mark Parrell: Well, Nick it's Mark. Each year it's kind of a different year and stands alone. I mean our process this year in 2020 wasn't very different than 2019 or 2018. We asked the field for specific feedback on what they see maybe there's a lease-up right next door or they have renovations in the property and we'll get a little boost there. We also look at the top and think about macroeconomic conditions. As Michael said, this year again we feel well positioned going into the year. We worry about the supply, particularly in some of our bigger markets. We did see some weakness as we've said in New York, late in 2019. So that positions us where we ended up going out with guidance. Could we do better? We certainly hope so. But looking at it, we try to balance things out and don't assume that everything will go perfectly well.
Mark Parrell: John before I let Michael launch into giving you that detail which is very important I think the overall comment about New York and what we've all read about just increased demand that's coming all of these tech relocations into New York, particularly in the west side of New York, where we have a lot of assets is very encouraging to us. Now when they announce something it doesn't happen right that moment that they hire. But we see that. And in fact, our research is indicating research, we've seen is indicating there's actually more tech jobs in the New York metro area than there is in the Bay Area now. So, we're excited to be involved in that. And again, you're right we have to adjust to these rules. But the overall demand drivers in New York in the next few years feel really good to us.
Mark Parrell: Yes, and I was suggesting John I think on prior calls and our meetings that, we thought turnover might start to decline in New York because, with lower renewal increases, there'd be more reason for people to stay. Obviously, we only have a couple of quarter's sample size. We really haven't seen that yet. We're looking more carefully at our capital spending in New York, but we have a high-end clientele, so continue to maintain those assets well. So, I don't have anything to add there in terms of -- again it seems to us intuitive that turnover should get even lower and the term of our residents should get even longer, but we haven't quite seen that yet.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So, I mean for '19, it was pretty comparable, right, when you just think about the various submarkets between Manhattan, Brooklyn as well as the Hudson Waterfront. And I think going forward, we would expect kind of hopefully start to see pricing power return to Manhattan and see some market rate growth that could accelerate that beyond what we're going to see kind of from the Hudson Waterfront. But right now, they're pretty packed like really close together from a result standpoint and our expectations. But I think, you will see Manhattan start to differentiate itself over time.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So we've got about 500 or 600 maybe 650 will start, Steve. And so, I would say, when you talk about these JV deals that we've spoken about, those deals tend to have yields around 5% on current rents, so current construction costs and current rents. The tower I'm talking about is, call it a 4.6% yield on current. And again, we're still in the underwriting process, so that may change a little bit. But we feel again that we like the location and we like how that feels. And then you've got a few of these other density plays that we're doing that I would say, when you mark the land to market, feel like 5% plays or so on current rents. So that gives you a general feel.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Haendel, it's Mark. Thanks for continuing the tradition. We appreciate that. Comment on SB 50, I think you described it pretty accurately. We're not sure of its prospects. We certainly are a big supporters of it both the company and the industry. I think having additional density near transit hubs and having that state-mandated is a good idea. I know the sponsor that measures made some changes to try and get support. And having talked just recently to our experts on this, I can tell you we hope it passes. We aren't sure it will get through the state House. And we're sort of waiting to see what will happen in the next few days as you said, but certainly think it's a good idea. We don't think it will add to the road traffic much by putting it near transit hubs. And if you want to make an impact, and you want to have three million or 3.5 million more housing units in New York as a lot of policymakers have said in that state, you need to start somewhere and starting with putting more density near transit hubs is a good idea.
Mark Parrell: Yes, great question. So in our investor materials this heat map we've had for a long time which tends to be on page 16 of our materials for some reason every year has all the factors we take into account. I don't know that a market needs to have a higher IRR or a much higher IRR just for us to move into it. Maybe it has other benefits regulatory and diversification benefits for example. So I guess I'd say you've got to underwrite your starting point. And Austin is a pretty expensive starting point. And then maybe to your point, you make it up because you think growth there is better than some of your other markets. Then you've got to think about how is it going to feel in 10 years with the amount of supply in market like that gets. So again, I wish I could be absolutely clear about what that margin needs to be. But there are markets we go into that don't need to do a lot better on an IRR basis, they just need to provide some benefits overall in terms of diversification of risk and their IRRs can be comparable to those in our main markets.
Mark Parrell: I get -- that is just an outstanding question and something we think can talk about a lot. You should always be thoughtful about your markets, while you were there before, while you're there now. So I appreciate the question. I think one of the things we think about is you've got such a wall of money going into the apartment industry is it distorting perceptions of returns and risk? Are there markets that are frankly overvalued relative to what they normally and probably should trade for on a go-forward basis? So we look at the nine metros we're in now and say we like our customer, we like our CapEx spending, we like in most cycles the supply picture in these markets and nothing there has changed for us. To me, it's more like are there other new markets, where we can find our customer in abundance, someone Alex who is relatively affluent, renter by choice, who wants to live in an urban-dense suburban setting with a lot of walk-to amenities. Where we find those people, we will go to them if the competition makes sense, the supply and demand picture makes sense. So I guess that's the way I think about it is are there cities that are sort of being promoted into the ranks or the markets in which we do business as opposed to saying all markets are equal. I think some markets are definitively not equal. And what's going on is just the wall of capital is moving cap rates and stuff to a convergence point and I don't necessarily believe that's permanent.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Well, I think in terms of recent good news the Governor and the State of the State Address didn't mention affordable housing. Our sense from what we've heard from some of our context is that, many in the legislature would like to see these new rules play out a bit and see what the impact is, before adding even more to it. We'd hope that would be the case. And obviously it's difficult for us whether you're in New York or you're here in Chicago to predict the action of politicians. But we're working hard through our trade association. I think they've got real new energy and focus on this issue and having the right kinds of conversations to just educate people because this is going to do and already is doing the exact opposite of what they intend, it's going to cause disinvestment in housing, less supply and make the city less of the energetic place we all want it to be. And that's just what's going to happen and is happening. And I just would say I think the trade association is even better positioned this year than they were before. But what exactly happens, it remains to be seen.
Mark Parrell: Yes. John, I'm going to start, it's Mark. What happened in the prior year 2019 influences the numbers in 2020. So in 2019 we acquired things early in the year and we sold late. This year you're going to see -- we have a number of assets lined up for disposition that are going to occur relatively early in the year. So even though we're a net buyer and that is going to fuel FFO growth in future years this year some of that -- like the math you're doing is absolutely right. There should be a bigger -- your fundamental growth on NOI is in that 2.5% right? Your numbers should be higher on NFFO, but you're getting a little dilution from transactions. And I think we pointed that out in the release you're getting a little bit of a headwind from transactions that is going to offset some of that benefit. The interest benefit I'll tell you just -- we continue to be able to borrow cheaper. I mean that's all very real. And I'm not sure why that's concerning in any regard. I mean the company's balance sheet is really strong and the percentage fixed the float is sensible and we have great access to all forms of capital. So I'm not $0.07 to me is good money and it's something we've executed on before.
