Mark Parrell: I'm sorry Nick could you speak up just a bit. I think your question was on New York rent control and what we're seeing in other markets, but I'm sorry I didn't--
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thank you for the question and for repeating it. It's just been six weeks since the new rules have gone into force. So, there really hasn't been a lot of activity that we -- or really any activity that we've seen that's priced assets at a size that we deal with. There was in the paper a reference to a deal that was priced before the rules. I think the buyer was trying to get out of the transaction, but that's a different kind of discussion. So, we have not seen any activity yet either direction.
Mark Parrell: Sure. I think it's going to take a little time for the market to just understand the rules. I mean we've got a great team here in Chicago and in New York really pored over that and really feel like we've got a pretty good handle on it, but even we're still learning. So, I'd say it's going to take the market a little while to understand the rules and apply it to what they think the pro forma cash flows are going to be going forward. My expectation rent control in New York has always been there it's come it's gone. It was more acute in the 1880s and it's been less acute lately and now it's going to be a little bit more. So, I think this market is used to having some rent control in their calculation of future cash flows. I think there's going to be a lot less supply built in this market which is bad for the city, in general, but probably good for cap rates and values for -- especially for the 3,000-plus market-rate units we own. So, my expectation is that this will take a little while to sort out, that there will be changes in people's perception not just of revenues, but of expenses. And we -- Michael sort of alluded to that. I think we'll be spending less money on turnover cost because our turnover will be lower, less money on leasing and advertising, because again there'll be less need to fill the buildings so we occupied more -- even more highly than they are right now. So, my expectation is not to see big changes in cap rates. You could potentially see cap rates on market rate deals go down.
Mark Parrell: So, it's Mark, I think that depends on what more opportunities the team sees. If the investment team as we see on the ground are more deals for sale for right now Trent, we see more we like, we certainly are capable either with that $300 million of net cash flow that we've spoken of after payment of our dividend and CapEx every year we have, we can use a good portion of that to buy additional assets. We could certainly borrow more. So, we're open to that possibility. We haven't seen enough good stuff yet to justify taking leverage up, but we're certainly open to it.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. Thanks for that question, John. I think I'll start by saying, we definitively see it as a net negative for New York and for housing production in New York and for addressing the affordable housing issues that New York has. As it relates to us specifically, because we cannot own some of this older post-World War II rent-stabilized heavily regulated product that got hit the hardest the impact on us is less. I think it also creates uncertainty in the development and lending communities that may evidence itself in there being considerably less supply in New York than the already low numbers that market has. I think I can make an argument that New York has just become the most supply-constrained market that we operate in. So I would suggest to you that we may do modestly better on our market-rate assets than we would have expected on revenue. And I think on expenses, we're going to have an opportunity as we figure out what our new turnover numbers are with these renewal increases. We contract out for a lot of turnover costs and we're going to have lower turnover so those expenses will go down. In terms of capital, we've got to be very thoughtful about where we're putting our capital as well and we will adjust for that. So I – when you talk about a longer-term impact that's yet to be fully determined. But I think there are modest positives as well as – especially, to an operator of the kind of assets, we own including the fact that there's just not going to be much built in New York, because of this for quite a while. And if you own market-rate product in every year we're going to get 200 or 300 units more of market-rate product because our 421a rent-stabilized assets will transition as the burn-off period concludes into the market-rate assets, I think that's going to be to us an incremental positive.
Mark Parrell: I'd say either even or it could be a modest net positive, just because of the shift from rent-stabilized to market rate for us over time and the impact on supply in the market. But I can't emphasize enough how awful this is for the New York and as a housing policy matter.
Mark Parrell: Well, we've got some assets that are a little bit older in D.C. and we've got a big concentration in Crystal City around the HQ2 property. So that – for us, this was simply an opportunity to get rid of some older assets, I would say that in D.C. what's most exciting to us isn't just HQ2 it's Virginia Tech's new technology kind of Harper [ph] technology campus they're building, and the kind of jobs you're going to get in the district in and around the areas. So they won't be just sort of government-dependent, but there will also be a big technology – private market technology aspect there. So that's exciting to us. The supply, the continuation of relatively high supply numbers in D.C. which we do expect will go on is a net negative to the market. So for us as we look at D.C. having a modestly lower exposure to that supply makes sense to us, but we'll continue to buy and build assets in that market to try and freshen the portfolio. But seeing modestly less exposure to that market given the supply considerations I just discussed. And the fact that this is the first time, I think we've talked positively about D.C. in four-plus years for us that – it seems like a sensible approach.
Mark Parrell: Sure, it's Mark. Yeah, we had a very good experience with WhyHotel. We know that we were sort of first out of the gate working with them the bigger public companies and others are considering or planning to do things with them. So we had a good experience. And I think it's a great way to mitigate that lack of income on the lease-up of a project and we'd consider using them again.
Mark Parrell: Yes. It's not terribly material. I mean, you have to offer two-year leases in New York statutorily, but we don't have a lot of two-year leases not -- frankly non-12-month leases on the portfolio.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I think we do think about continuing to do what we're doing. I mean, I think you hit the nail on head in terms of where the value is. The fact that there's been this convergence is mostly as a result, in our opinion, of some of these secondary markets being overvalued, because they're just a higher yield. They're just a slightly higher yield. They're more suitable for leverage. And there's just a lot of money chasing apartment products. And if there's any way you can talk yourself into something being mid-5 cap rate, you're going to do it. So you've got a lot of money hitting markets and doing things that we think are going to be difficult. Because a lot of these secondary markets aren't feeling the housing -- single-family housing pressure right now; that they're probably going to feel at different points in the cycle and we don't think we're going to feel that on the urban end. So we continue to look at the suburbs in our markets too true, like, the dense parts of our suburbs, like the Rockville deal you saw us do. So you'll see us buy suburban product where we see the customer base the same as our urban product. But to use the ATM to go hit that really hard at this point, it does not seem like that opportunity is as of yet so compelling, but we'll keep our eyes open.
Mark Parrell: And it will take a while in any event to evidence itself. I mean, 2019 is about implementation and putting these things out there. And 2020 and thereafter is more about seeing results. And some of the stuff will work great and some of this stuff won't and we'll be very open in both direction. And we'll use the entire 80,000-unit platform to leverage any technology that we do like.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So you did ask about markets, but I want to talk about company first a little bit on affordability. We have -- our residents -- our average household customer income is $155,000 a year. They're paying us $2,800 a month in rent which means they're giving us about 19% of their income in rent. So our customer, just specifically the Equity customer is not terribly distressed. They've done well, they've gotten raises. We see that in the statistics that we have. So we talked about affordability of the rent check they're paying equity now, we feel really good about that. We do recognize the bigger affordable issue in our markets that I think on the workforce side is pretty common. We think that a lot of the things being done for example in Minneapolis and were done in part in Seattle that were done with the old 421A program in New York, where you encourage and incentivize developers to create both more market-rate and affordable housing, where you reduce zoning barriers. I think this -- the answer is housing production to address this affordability issue you're bringing up. And for that to occur, the government's got to both I think, encourage private industry to work as an actor to create these units and I think to some extent get out of the way on some of the things that it does that create barriers to that. So again there's a great article on Minneapolis that came out just today, I think talking about their new zoning system that effectively got rid of single-family housing zoning in Minneapolis and it's likely to encourage a lot more production of housing.
Mark Parrell: There are still things we need to do with the policymakers. We're pretty active through our trade associations having these conversations. A lot of rent control to us is a bit of well-intentioned, but misguided attempt, so just relieve these rent pressures on people. But it's not going to help in the long run. So to answer your question directly, I think the industry needs to continue to push on the education front both with policymakers and with the public. And cities like Sydney, Australia and Toronto repealed rent control a few years ago and they're seeing in Toronto lower rent growth than they did before, now that they've repealed it.  In Sydney, Australia they're seeing rents actually go down on high-quality and workforce housing because they've produced so much housing. So it isn't like the industry doesn't have facts to back up its position. There are very few, if any economists that tent rent control is a good idea. So I think we just need to keep -- putting your message out there. There's tough cycles and there will be a time when they sort of stop doing this and get rid of it like they did in the early '90s, when all these preemption measures came across all the states that didn't allow localities to do rent control and when New York started to liberalize its rules.
Mark Parrell: I may not have followed your question exactly. Is it that we need to educate policymakers or continue the conversation about the conversion in market rate not that...
Mark Parrell: Yes. I think there are probably a significant number and in the prior question on this I probably hit on it. There's a significant things we don't understand and unintended consequences the policymakers have triggered. So they're going to -- they have to figure some of those things out. I think, again, they have created disincentives to certain types of conduct like investing in some of this post-World War II product that is I think the backbone of New York's workforce housing supply. So I think there is this conversion part they may not fully understand and they just may be very happy not to have those rental rates go up. But they've also done is discourage people from putting money into those deals.
Mark Parrell: So that's going to have that impact on deterioration. So there's probably more to come here I would think over time in terms of once they start to see this negative impact hopefully the policymakers react to that and change some of the rules.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks, Rich. I think the good news in California is that the dialogue is much more public. So the activists of the industry have a seat at the table they're talking to policymakers there's a lot of back-and-forth. We all know about the Assembly Bill AB-1482 that has cleared the assembly. And once the senate comes back from recess in a couple of weeks will be discussed there and we think that that is again not the right direction to go but at least we are involved in the conversation again as our activists in the public in general. What happened in New York seemed to happen in dark of night. And I think it's going to have a lot more unintended consequence because it wasn't carefully vetted and thought through. And so I can't speculate as to how California will end up, but the quality of the conversation so far to us seems pretty good.
Mark Parrell: Well, coming out of the Great Recession we're leaders with the urban portfolio. The demand we see and the resiliency of that demand we think what happened in the suburbs and the positives was mostly about just the dearth of supply. And when you do see supply and Michael Manelis has spoken to this and for example the San Fernando Valley, not a lot of important drivers there. Now we've got a bunch of supply and we're having a tough time at it. Whenever we see supply fall on to a suburban submarket, we see a lot more dire consequences where these urban submarkets just work through it because the more that's built in these urban submarkets the more appealing those areas become. And so they draw in even more people and it serve this virtuous circle and that would hurt us for a while in our numbers. In the long run, we're in a lot of these properties at a very low basis on a relative scale compared to what people bill to, and it's a – we feel like in the long run our NAV growth and our IRR and our FFO growth will be better. So I think our emphasis on the dense suburbs is just more a bit of a slight shift. I mean, we're looking for the same kinds of customers so the guys we usually use the folks that usually are in our units in D.C have $120,000 household income numbers per year and the folks in Rockville they average about $110,000. These are the exact same customers they just drive to work, because of the nature of that location as opposed to take transit. So we want to find more people like that Rich. We think those areas are good investments. But just to be in far suburbs hoping there will be no supply, the minute there is some supply your product is obsolete and you struggle for a long time.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. I think it's effectively all of them. Thank you for that question. And it's – one way to think about this is from now till 2028, so it's a long period of time somewhere between 150 and 300 units a year and that's because it's chunky, because it's properties. So we have a property that in the last few weeks moved into this category. We leave the rent-stabilized world and enter the market-rate world. There are transitional rules, it doesn't all happen in a day in terms of the change in our ability to grow revenue at that property, but it happens. And so I think that's – again a built-in advantage of the kind of owning the kind of assets that we own in these markets that these sort of properties are in the market that's going to have even less supply, we're going to have more market-rate units created with no incremental developmental risk every year for the next nine or so years.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Alex. So I'm not going to comment on any specific asset. But I think you'll see us continue to sell a few of these 421a assets that have just begun their burn-off period. That are 6, 8, 10 years from entering and sometimes even longer. It isn't always true that the end of the tax abatement period is the end of the affordable housing period. So that's an important thing to keep in mind. For us everything, I've told you is the case, but assets we've sold lately some of them at the abatement end and their requirements to see affordable go another 10 years or more. So we are going to be thoughtful about this. We have assets where we think cash flow growth over the next 6 to 10 years is almost certainly negative. It's going to be very hard for us to hang on to those assets taking a 10-plus year's from now there's a payday. But asset that are anywhere near their expiry date I agree with you those assets have probably a special and different value, and those are probably assets we're even more interested in holding onto than we have been before.
Mark Parrell: Yeah. Well, I'm not sure the values of the buildings are going down or not. Like I said earlier, we're just not sure about that. But we intend to be more aggressive. And absolutely you show your income and expenses for the accessory have these discussions Michael is a pro at this. He has a team that works with the investment group that does this for us and we're all over it. So you can be assured that we'll be on top of any appeal opportunities this presents.
Mark Parrell: Yes. That the important point the embedded growth as Michael and I have been talking over the last few weeks. We're going to roll into 2020 and we are not given guidance on the call, but it is important because your question is forward-looking. We're going to have much better embedded growth likely going into next year, but tougher occupancy comps. Some of the supply pictures for some of these markets like New York and L.A. will be better in 2020 that it is even in 2019 and a lot of the others will be about constant. So, we feel terrific about the back half of the year, the usual seasonal variability is going to occur. But there isn't some like particular risk that's coming in. I mean you're going to have -- we could easily end up at the top end of the range if occupancy just doesn't moderate and that's happened as recently as last year.
Mark Parrell: We are certainly charitable folks here at Equity Residential, but I'm not sure we are motivated in or act with politicians through altruism. I think we don't know what they'll do and what they won't do. And so when we enter into these conversations I think on our own behalf and on behalf of what we think the greater good, we want these cities to thrive. We think this policy even though it didn't hurt us is bad for the city as a whole. And in the long run as citizens of New York City because we're enormous investors in that market and we have employees that live in that market and residents we think good policy is better for us. So, listen they could easily do some things that would be bad for us and we just need to stay in front of them and keep that education process going. So, I guess for us having more political interaction is probably the way it's going to be from now on at least until all this pressure kind of moderates across the country.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And I think just as citizens we should help that. These big great cities like New York and San Francisco are creating all these great jobs. They don't places for people to live. And so you are unable -- I mean a lot of the job growth that may be slowing in places like San Francisco is just because no one else to employ they have nowhere to live. So, I mean there's a lot of studies that GDP growth in United States and average earnings per family would all be higher if we are able to house people more effectively in all these cities. So, I think you've hit it precisely.
Mark Parrell: Well, thank you all for your time on the call. Hope everyone has a safe summer and we'll see everyone around the conference circuit in September.
Bob Garechana: No. I think that sums it up. You'll see that corresponding or offsetting component of that is the slight increase in weighted average debt that you see in our guidance adjustments. And that's really just funding related to that change in timing. But I think Mark hit it on the head.
Bob Garechana: Yes. It's Bob Garechana, so I'll take that real quick. So for year-to-date, we've produced 3.9% growth and we're guiding at the midpoint to 3% and 3.25%. I cautioned on all expense growth that $750,000 equals 10 basis points, so it can be volatile. But at the moment we don't anything. We expect the back half to be the slightly better than the front half. A lot of that is due to expectations that in the fourth quarter we won't see any anomalies like we saw in first quarter related to repairs and maintenance. But otherwise things are pretty much in line for the back half relative to the front half.
Bob Garechana: Yes. It's Bob Garechana. I'll take the second question first and then talk about the investment on consolidated. The ground, the ROU or the liability and the ROU on the balance sheet are predominantly related to ground leases. So we have 14 ground leases, but there are also corporate leases etcetera. I think in the Q we probably do a very specific job or kind of outlining that they are predominantly ground leases. On the investment and unconsolidated, there are some non -- there are some unconsolidated investments. There is a predominant -- $40 million of that $52-odd million is related to a unconsolidated condo kind of joint investment structure related to one asset that we own that is there as well as our private equity technology investments that we disclosed previously and that makes up the balance of that $52 million. But there are no true operating assets that are unconsolidated anymore post the sale of the two that we mentioned in the release this quarter.
Bob Garechana: Those are the unconsolidated. So the other piece we have is -- which I think is also in the Q there some, we do have some consolidated ventures that have minority interest in them. There is, I think, 17-odd properties or so that have limited partnerships that we refer to as group B stuff. There is another asset that is in the D.C. market that is -- got a 25% minority interest. There is some disclosure in the Q and in the K related to that.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, I mean I think we actually moved rate a lot through this leasing season. And the fact that the rents are up call it 60 basis points more than where they were this time last year at 3.7% sitting here, that's actually pretty good growth. My guess is that we're going to see that kind of continue for the tail end of the leasing season. And then I would expect that while we'll moderate for the balance of the year, we just may not moderate quite as much as we've done in the past. So, I don't -- it's hard to understand exactly how much of this gap is going to close between the renewal and new lease, but clearly, I think we're pretty pleased with the results that we posted for the second quarter and like the momentum that we have in place for the third quarter as well on the new lease side.
Michael Manelis: I think over a period of time. Yes, I don't believe that that's going to take place this year. I think the gap was just too wide when we entered the year to express -- to expect them to compress that quickly. But I think over time as you see strong demand and good pricing power, you will see that spread start to narrow back to that range call it between 150 and 200 basis points.
Michael Manelis: Well, yes, I mean I like New York right now with what's happening. I like D.C.'s momentum that we have and Seattle. So, really -- I mean the only market that I would say is kind of that we're putting out there is the buzz or caution really points to Southern California right now where we're just trying to get the pricing power in check to understand for the balance of the year. But I don't think that that spread is going to narrow down in Southern California right now. The other markets I think still have potential to narrow.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. So this is Michael. So we really – this quarter, we're tracking supply in a couple of different ways from completions versus first unit hitting the market. We really did not see in this quarter any variations from what we expected to have take place in the second quarter from first unit hitting the market. I think what we could see as we get into the balance of the year you could see some of the typical markets start to show, the delays in deliveries and start shifting from one year to another. But at least for the second quarter, we kind of hit the markets to exactly what we thought was going to happen to us from a new delivery in the market. So I don't think we benefited from any kind of delays more than what we already anticipated.
Michael Manelis: We have a pretty high degree of confidence for the balance of this year that is not going to be materially different than that 20 basis points. We're benefiting a little bit because the law went into effect in the middle of the year. So it's half of the impact and you did a lot of your transactions before the law as well on some of the fee impact. But if this was a January 1, it would be a 40 basis point impact to this market for this year. As we think about next year, the difficulty is really trying to project where are renewal where were renewals going to be, because then you can figure in okay what are these restriction going to mean to you the fact that you can't achieve what would have been otherwise possible. So we still have a little bit more modeling to do and it's early to try to start thinking about 2020. But it's pretty clear, when you look for the balance of this year what the impact is going to be to us.
Michael Manelis: Yeah. So and I think I said in the prepared remarks, we outperformed a little bit in the first half of the year with occupancy so that was a boost to the number. And we definitely had other income, primarily parking that contributed to a little bit on the outperformance or mitigated the downside from the underperformance on new lease change and renewable. There is something on the new lease change that, I guess, I can call out, which is the one you drew the comparison of a 0.4% to our full year new lease change, but you got to remember, there's a lot of seasonality to that metric by quarter, so you need to understand what – where was that relative to last year. So last year, we were running at a 2.3% new lease change in L.A. compared to the 40 basis points positive. A lot of that impact had to do with the fact that there is some anti-gouging proclamations that were put in place, and those proclamations really restricted our ability to obtain short-term lease premium in the market during the second quarter. So last year, we sold about 15% of all of our leases as short-term leases and those leases typically add premium call it anywhere between 15% and 30% higher than a standard 12-month lease. With the proclamation that was put in place that limits your ability to have growth greater than 10%. We chose not to sell short-term premiums, because the premium wasn't going to be enough for us to have those leases in place. So that's a lot of the dilution that you're seeing in the quarter numbers right now.
Michael Manelis: So I don't have that with me. I will tell you, we looked at that specifically in New York, where we did do a lot of two-year leases several years ago. It's something that's common in the marketplace. We actually had increased turnover in New York this quarter and on a year-to-date basis. And a lot of that increase was due to the fact that we had two-year leases expiring and we were not selling quite as many two-year leases going forward. So we're seeing it drop down, but I just don't have the stats in front of me to quantify.
Michael Manelis: Well, I think, a lot of that too is just the pressure on supply in the district could mitigate some of that future revenue growth. No, I think, Northern Virginia has got a lot of good things working in its favor to demonstrate strong revenue growth for the future. And I think, there will be some spillover into the district in the other areas, but probably not at the same pace.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So this is Michael. So I opened in some of the prepared remarks just around some of the stats that the things that we were doing on the initiatives front. So we're on track. We'll have about 2,500 units with smart home technology in the next 90 days. We've got about 50 of our properties up and running with both kind of artificial intelligence, e-lead platform and self-guided tours. We got mobility on the service side. I think – and I stated this last quarter and we talked a little bit about this at NAREIT which is, from our standpoint on these initiatives, the focus has really been around transparency, control, convenience and flexibility to our customers. We've done a lot of de-centralization and eliminated roles on-site in prior years. We're not saying that we're not done, but I know that we're going to need to see the technology platforms enabled through our portfolio, just to see and understand what efficiencies and opportunities we're going to create. So we're excited about the momentum that we have in place and I think as we get closer towards the end of the year, we'll be able to put some numbers to it. I mean each one of these right now were in these initial pilot phases. But I can point to on a standalone basis, we'd look at like the mobility platform, we have initial expectations that is worth a couple of million dollars to us, could be worth more from reduction in dependence on third-party contractors and overtime and things like that. So, but we want to see these up and running for a little bit. We want to make sure that the results that we see are sustainable over a long period of time before we start putting numbers into the results for you guys.
Michael Manelis: No, I think that's absolutely correct. I mean I'll just point L.A. L.A. is a very pronounced back-half loaded on the delivery side. But I think what you've got to remember as that pressure starts to come in towards the later part of Q3 and Q4, the volume of transactions less the impact on the full year revenue numbers is less because you're only being impacted for that stub period for the balance of the year. But supply definitely in several of the markets is back-half loaded and we are just going to see if demand stays strong, it's going to be absorbed and we'll be just fine and if demand softens a little bit, it's just going to basically play into our next year's forecast and what's going to happen to our embedded growth next year.
