David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us for today’s call. 2016 represented the culmination of a very important multiyear process for Equity Residential as we completed the transformation of the company’s portfolio, with the sale of nearly 30,000 apartment units and the return of $4 billion to our shareholders in special dividends in what’s been noted by many as one of the most investor-friendly transaction seen in years. Unfortunately, 2016 also brought about an abrupt downturn slowdown in apartment fundamentals as new supply entered the market at a time of slowing job growth, particularly in the growth of higher paying jobs. And as a result, after 5 years of extraordinarily strong fundamentals, our same-store revenue growth in 2016 came in at 3.7%, down from the 5.1% growth delivered in 2015 and more in line with long-term historical trends. Now as noted in last night’s press release, we expect revenue growth to continue to weaken in 2017 with nearly all of our markets expected to deliver same-store revenue growth for this year below 2016 actual performance with Washington, DC being the lone exception. Weakness in fundamentals is not the result of much of any change in the underlying demand for rental housing across our portfolio. On the contrary, occupancy remains strong today and is expected to moderate only slightly through the year. Turnover across all markets, when excluding same property movement actually improved last year, dropping to 48%, a 100 basis point improvement over 2015 and consistent with our expectations for 2017. And move-outs to buy single-family homes remains a non-factor in our high cost of housing markets. Furthermore, while our markets have experienced a slowdown in the growth of high-income jobs, the absolute number of new high-income jobs remains relatively strong. And perhaps more importantly, for the first time since the recovery began, there are abundant signs of wage growth occurring in all industries across the country, which obviously is a very good sign for the apartment business. So as we look ahead to what we see as peak deliveries in many of our markets this year, our teams across the country will work very hard, delighting our existing residents and extending their stay with us, while welcoming prospects and turning them into new residents. And we remain extraordinarily excited about the long-term outlook for our business, portfolio and the company. So with that said, I will let David Santee go into more detail about our outlook for 2017.
David Neithercut: Alright. Thank you, David. Following a year in which we sold nearly $7 billion of assets, 2017 will look slight tame on the capital allocation front. But the investment teams will be working very hard seeking to maximize total return on invested capital in their respective markets. 2017 guidance assumes $500 million of acquisition activity, funded by a like amount of disposition activity at a negative spread of 75 basis points. Now, I want to make it clear that after having backed up the truck last year as we sold nine core assets, there is very little that we believe needs to be sold in 2017. So we will transact if and when we find an opportunity to redeploy that capital into a higher fully return asset. The investment team will also be focused on our rehab activity in 2017, where we expect to spend $50 million this year, covering approximately 4,500 units and would expect our past returns on this capital of 12% to 14% to be achievable again this year. Last year, Equity Residential completed the highest dollar volume of new developments in our history in five assets, totaling $1.1 billion of project costs. And in 2017, we will also complete nearly $900 million of additional new developments and this will contrast sharply with 2018, when we will complete just one development project, that being what would be the last remaining project underway, our $88 million 220 unit project at 100 K Street in Washington, DC. Clearly, we have throttled back our development activity in the face of rising land and construction costs and declining yields. At the present time, we have two potential development starts this year, totaling only $100 million. Beyond that, we will continue to work on several existing operating assets where we hope to upsize our density in order to build additional units. And have just two remaining land sites in inventory that were acquired and are currently held for future development with a carrying value of less than $60 million. Now this does not suggest that we won’t continue to look for opportunities to develop more projects and create new long-term streams of income for the company because our teams continued to look for those opportunities every day. But after a terrific long-term run of realizing development yields well in excess of current cap rates and creating meaningful long-term value for our shareholders in the face of elevated new supply and slowing revenue growth, we have opted to take a more cautious approach to development at this time. So I will now turn the call over to Mark Parrell.
David Neithercut: Yes. I guess I would say that as we built up the budgets from the ground up, we understood when the bulk of the units were coming, whether its front loaded, spread across, equally across the fourth quarter or if it was more back end loaded. So the pace of those deliveries, are embedded in our revenue assumptions.
David Neithercut: Suffice it to understand, one, we are certainly aware of the deliveries. And with completion being sort of defined as when the property is finally completed and delivered, we understand when first units will be available and that 60 days, 90 days in advance of that, they will start marketing very strenuously. And so we keep – take all that into account as we pull our numbers together.
David Neithercut: Our guidance assumption now assumes a gradual decline in same-store revenue quarterly numbers throughout the year. Nick, certainly it would be great if there was some sort of reacceleration, but that’s not what’s presumed in our numbers.
David Neithercut: I think we will see at the time, but those two things are certainly would be part of the things that we would strongly consider.
David Neithercut: I don’t think so, Conor. I mean, certainly, we may sell an asset to one market, buy another and another but that’s not be nearly going to change in any material way NOI concentration. So that won’t be conducted with a specific desire to reduce one market and increase another market, but more just in response to whatever opportunities we may see.
David Neithercut: Well, look, it’s hard to ask me exactly where we think ‘18 supply is going to be, but we do think with land prices up and construction cost up and a lot of more traditional sort of construction lending sources maybe winding down a little bit, but there are lots of reasons to think that ‘18 deliveries will be below ‘17. And just with respect to demand, we just think that demographic picture remains very favorable. The job picture remains very favorable. Rising wages, we as you know operate in markets, which is processing. The family housing is very expensive. So we just believe that we have got a lot of residents that will stay with us and the demographic picture will bring more to the market. So, we remain – we think we have got peak deliveries in 2017. And as we have already discussed in great detail, that’s we are going to have to work our way through that. But on the backside of that, we remain very optimistic on a multifamily business in general and certainly, very optimistic for the multifamily business in our core markets.
David Neithercut: Sure. I mean of the completions that we delivered last year, so that’s about the $1.1 billion. We think these things will stabilize high 5s, low 6s and the product that we believe – and we will certainly complete yet this year will stabilize also in the high 5s, low 6s.
David Neithercut: Well, I am not saying it’s already, because they are still in various stages of lease-up but we believe that when they do stabilize, they will stabilize in that ballpark.
David Neithercut: Generally better. I will tell you that in those – in most of the products we have delivered, we are able to price these land and price construction costs at a different point in the cycle. So, our costs were very attractive. And we have seen, as you know, very strong revenue growth rental rate growth during that time period. So, while even our deals in San Francisco might be exceeding our original expectations, they might be a little off of what we had thought they might be at the beginning of ‘16, but still that will deliver at or modestly above our original expectations.
David Neithercut: Well, that’s a very good question, one that we have asked ourselves. But it just there is some capacity requirement, capacity limitations, not just of the number of trades that can do. One of the biggest things driving construction cost out there today is cost of labor. And it’s just, I am not sure that we have the ability to find the vendors that would allow us in these markets to do more than what we are doing. So I guess I would tell you that I think we are probably doing about all we can in any given year. We have had about $50 million or so run-rate for the past 4 or 5 years probably. And I think that’s probably a pretty good run-rate for us just given what we think the limitations are on labor out there in the marketplace.
David Neithercut: I guess, I would say that there is nothing – there are no markets that can come close to what we have budgeted in New York. Seattle, we put in probably $80,000 to really just because of the concentration within a couple of block area on some deliveries, we did a little bit maybe, call it, $90,000 in DC just because of some concentrations in a specific neighborhood. Other than that, there are no significant concessions budgeted.
David Neithercut: I guess, what we have seen Rich is the ability to maintain net effective lease pricing across most markets even when they sort of soften. And maybe DC is the perfect example. There are a lot of new supplies you know in DC in kind of ‘13 and ‘14 and we remain Dave, there was discipline sort of in the marketplace and we could continue to operate successfully at a net effective rate. New York is something where the marketplace as David said, originally is less disciplined and is one in which concessions can become problematic and we would have to respond. But away from New York, we found the ability to operate on a net effective basis fairly successful.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess the volatility with respect to the fundamentals, not necessarily with respect to assets sort of valuations. But again, we have four in the last 12 months, 18 months, I think taken a fairly, but not 2 years, taken a fairly cautious approach to investment. Certainly, I think as indicated by the large transaction we did last year with Starwood and the other subsequent dispositions and the big special dividend that we did. So look, we see a lot of new product coming out of these markets. We think there may be opportunities, should it make sense from a capital allocation standpoint to buy new product, it might make more sense to buy some of that product, rather than develop and take development risk, construction risk, lease-up risk, etcetera. So we are just taking a cautious approach, given all the new supply with respect to capital deployment. And as noted earlier, by having reduced the development up to this point and not having any meaningful spend in ‘18, we do create net cash flow which we could use for some other purposes. And we would not be afraid to use that for those other purposes.
David Neithercut: So I guess I would say that first of all, regardless of rate for renewal increases or lack thereof, we are going to try and retain any resident where it makes economic sense. Frankly, the hard costs associated with turnover are very minimal. New York has a lot of hardwood floors, so really you are paying call it, a couple of hundred bucks to paint the apartment and maybe $100 to clean it. So the real cost is in the vacancy. So our goal is to kind of minimize that vacancy. And I would say that when you look at our forecasted numbers and I gave you the breakdown, we forecasted basically 80 basis points lower in occupancy assuming that there could be people that choose to move in other locations because of the lack of neighborhood loyalty. One of the things we talk about is really what is – it used to be in New York City that people are very loyal to the neighborhoods and a very – neighborhoods are very desirable. You have got a big slug of new deliveries in Long Island City. What is the elasticity of our customer and their desire to go further out one more train stop to achieve a lower rent. So for all those reasons, we have kind of accounted for that with 80 basis points lower in occupancy for the full year.
David Neithercut: Yes. I mean the volatility would not be in rate. I mean rate would not immediately impact us. It would be in additional upfront concessions or significantly lower occupancy.
David Neithercut: So downtown, which would include, call it, Koreatown, Mid-Wilshire, Hollywood, that’s where half of the supply is. We only have 16% of our total LA MSA across those submarkets. 25% of our revenues sits, let’s just call it, in the Marina or West LA. Over the past year or so, there has been significant new deliveries in the [indiscernible], which has pressured West LA and the Marina. Those submarkets are just beginning to recover. And we would expect little pressure from new supply in ‘17. Other than that, the last major chunk is really Pasadena, where we only have, call it three or four properties. And then – but we have properties Far East of downtown LA. We have considerable portion of our revenue up in Santa Clarita, up in the San Fernando Valley. So I think we are good in LA as far as feeling the brunt of the concentration of deliveries and loss of pricing power in the urban core.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, what I would say is when you look at the makeup of all of the defense employees in D.C., a lot of them are contractors already. A lot of defense employees are contract employees. So, we kind of look at that as just an offset to not hiring at the EPA or what have you. But we certainly feel that an increased focus on defense spending which is just the biggest piece of the pie in DC will be an overall net benefit.
David Neithercut: So, some of that will go on the line remember, we do have $250 million to $300 million on cash flow a year and we will have that again this year after all CapEx. So some of that is offset by that. And then the remainder will be a higher line balance at the end of the year or CP depending on what’s kind of more efficient. So, I do expect this to be more like $500 million or $550 million on the revolver CP program towards the end of the year compared to where we are now at couple of hundred.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, I would say we don’t really focus on loss to lease in a yield management environment. I mean, that number can change dramatically from Q1 to Q2 or Q3, but it’s more about the momentum in the market. So certainly, anyone that moved in prior to, let’s just say, June of last year in San Francisco is probably 5% to 7% above market today. So that’s where you get the roll down until you reach kind of equilibrium on that.
David Neithercut: Well, I think our ‘17 numbers are firm. I mean in most of our markets that is in our geographic footprint, this is vertical high rise, mid rise product that started 2 years ago. So we again, we reconcile our delivery numbers with axial metric data with our folks in the field, boots on the ground. So I mean I believe we have a very firm handle on what will be delivered in each of our submarkets in 2017.
David Neithercut: 2018 got to be pretty firm to-date. I mean in order to build these - in order to deliver anything in ‘18, you have got to generally be pretty much underway in New York City.
David Neithercut: So we do see from a completion standpoint, sort of defining completion, we do see ‘18 in New York a little more than ‘17. But as part of our budgeting process, we recognized that a good amount of that ‘18 will be available for lease, perhaps even in ‘17 and we have accounted for that in our budgeting process.
David Neithercut: Well, that was finally pushed out in response to having pushed out the completion of that some time ago. We had a particularly difficult problem with the general contractor there and nearly maybe suffering from the same sort of labor problems that contractors are suffering with across most of our markets. So the construction, the delivery of that was delayed. There was always a hope that that might not necessarily because you start building two different phases might not necessarily require us to actually change the complete – the stabilization date. But now we have done so, so that was really response to a several quarter delay during the construction process as a result of general contractor issues.
David Neithercut: Well, again, it’s attractive relative to that which we want to sell. So I can’t tell you exactly what it might be, but we may find in a market that a reason why we might want to sell in one submarket and redeploy into another submarket or to sell in A and buy B or sell a B. I mean this was a market by market, submarket by submarket exercise, that is a function of what we can sell and where we can redeploy that capital and does that make sense relative to one another.
David Neithercut: I would not describe that as a market as much as perhaps as specific assets in a market. So there may be assets that we believe might be an opportune time to rollout of today. And I think that’s not market driven, but more asset driven. So older assets, assets which require capital perhaps so we don’t we want to put into it reasons why we want again, as I said earlier move from reduced that exposure in a certain submarket redeploy in another submarket. Just to make it clear, anything that we had really recognized or identified last year as an asset that we knew that was not a long-term hold for us was rolled up into large transaction we executed as part of the $6.8 billion of dispositions last year. So anything that we identified, anything we did not want to own, we tried to and we are successful in putting that in disposing of it a year ago. So anything now, again as assets, we would be willing to sell this, this is not necessarily something that has to be a long-term capability. But we would be willing to sell this if we could find the appropriate acquisition into which we would redeploy that capital. So again, it’s an asset here, an asset there, that we would be willing to sell and we could find the right thing to buy. And again that’s just a trade in, so that’s all a function of the relationship between what we are selling and what you are buying.
David Neithercut: I guess, I would say that supply is supply. Rental supply is rental supply. And if it competes with us, we own some micro apartments in San Francisco and in Seattle and so have some experience with that and sort of understand how it fits into the marketplace, but I don’t look at it as a specific threat. Just new supply is new supply and it competes with us.
David Neithercut: Again, as it makes sense, it’s a very high turnover product and so it does require sort of a little bit different sort of management, but we wouldn’t steer clear of it, but we are not – it’s not part of a specific strategy to grow at the present time.
David Neithercut: Well, I think when you look at 2016 we went into the woods unprepared. We thought – we assumed 2016 was going to be a repeat of 2015 and we didn’t allocate the appropriate tools for a significant market downturn like we had in San Francisco. Also, San Francisco made up a very large percentage of our growth. So, the biggest market that contributed to growth at the most significant downturn in a very short period of time. And I think looking back that whether it’s Axiometrics or any other shop, I think people acknowledge that San Francisco went south much quicker and much harder than even those folks expected. So this year, we have given ourselves obviously a bigger range. We – obviously, 2017 is going to be elevated supply, unlike ‘15 that had tremendous job growth and you packed in 1.5 year worth of growth into 1 year. So, I think we started from the ground up, looked at our trends on new lease, our lease-over-lease growth made our assumptions on rental rate increases in each of the markets relative to supply and job growth and how those flow through the year quarter-by-quarter. And I think we have developed reasonable ranges that cover some potential upside as well as looking where the volatility – most of the volatility is like New York and covering ourselves on the downside.
David Neithercut: Thank you all for your time. We appreciate it and have a long day and we appreciate your tolerance with us today. We will see you all around the circuit. Thank you very much.
Mark Parrell: Well, it’s primarily revenue-driven. I would say that in places like obviously, Los Angeles, where we have the largest contribution to growth with the same-store portfolio, we are just assuming more volatility or providing a range for more volatility. New York, same story, New York is probably one of the most undisciplined markets when it comes to pricing and concessions and what have you. So we have assumed a certain level of concessions and rolled down in pricing. But there is more volatility that could happen there than we expect.
Mark Parrell: Well, I think it all comes down to level of concessions. We have certainly prepared for a certain level of concessions. But you are already hearing some crazy stuff like three months and four months free on 12-month leases. I mean certainly, if that becomes widespread across the entire MSA, then you can get to negative three pretty quick. So that’s kind of our worst case scenario on New York City.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So let me just explain our overarching strategy for the company and then specifically, New York. We have always thought to be a net effective rent shop. The only market that we have budgeted significant concessions and its $4 million is New York City. We have – we budgeted the same level of gift cards that we spent last year, but everyone is very clear that, that is a tool that we will only use if absolutely necessary. So our first line of defense is rate, second, concessions and last, gift cards.
Mark Parrell: Let me just put two things together Nick for you. We have no starts assumed in guidance, so no spend on new starts. We have $300 million that we will spend completing things that have already started that you already see on our development page. David Neithercut referred to two deals we may start. If we do start them, they will have a material impact on guidance. I mean there will be draws on the revolver and slightly higher capitalized interest and it just won’t make a great deal of difference to the FFO numbers for the year.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And as I also noted, Conor, many of which would not be sold if there is not a redeployment sort of opportunity also on the horizon. So I would kind of think about them as more sort of pair of trades, if you will. We have $100 million or so of product that we had hoped to sell last year as part of the larger sort of non-core disposition program that did leak into this year. Beyond that, as I said during our prepared remarks, we have very little identified that we feel like we need to sell, but we do have product identified that we would sell if we could find the right reinvestment opportunity. Just with respect generally to valuations, I can tell you that of all that we sold a year ago or during 2017, we have sold that for about a 3% premium to what we had told our board that we probably could realize on that product. And I think that’s a real testament to Alan George and his team for their ability to attract the market. Those guys are telling us today that values generally are kind of holding in there. That deals with some sort of story or some kind of structure here might be off a little bit on a year-over-year basis, but a great deal of our assets would be right in there, same valuation over a year ago and in some markets, maybe even up slightly from there.
Mark Parrell: Ivy, it’s Mark Parrell. I may need to disassemble, we may not have understood your question. Is that a question about balance sheet sensitivity of us and others to changes in interest rates or our customers’ renewal, I didn’t understand that second part.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess what I will tell you, we have incorporated is the LIBOR, the curve that we do that hike. So we assume LIBOR to be higher and we put that into our forecast for our own floating rate debt. The third increase would be so late in the year it wouldn’t be impactful to us. So we thought about that we will comment say that many of our private, most of our private market competitors are much more highly leveraged than we are and carry much more floating rate than we do debt. So to the extent that you are suggesting the competitive landscape changes, if rates go up suddenly and significantly more than people expect and by that I mean short-term rates, that impact will be profound, I would guess as it relates to our private competitors. And considerably less significant to guys like us, we had around worth 10% to 20% floating rate debt. As it relates to our tenant’s actions specifically, I don’t think we factored that into our thoughts. Well, I think what she is asking is – we will – like we saw in the South Bay and San Francisco early in 2016, the rational pricing to fill the building up to convert from construction to permanent financing. So I think we have – that’s why we have created a much wider range in New York on the concession front, because if people do start operating 2, 3, 4 months free to get their building occupied so that they can then go for permanent financing. I think we have that factored into our assumptions or our ranges.
Mark Parrell: Yes. It’s Mark Parrell and $2,600, that amount is just really spread throughout the portfolio. There are some larger projects here and there, but it isn’t – could very over-weighted in one market or another. I did mention in my remarks, we think that $2,600 as an exceptional number and we would expect it to normalize back down to $2,300 or so. So $2,300 a unit is about 7% of our revenue and that’s kind of a number we think is about right and shows very well, relative to a lot of our competitors. This year, it will go up to about 8% of revenue and that’s again, I think our response to competitive pressures and because we got a few low-hanging fruits in some of the sustainability step that we would like to get done.
Mark Parrell: No, I don’t see it as materially different. I think a lot of the stuff that we call rehabs is revenue enhancing, has a return associated with it, of course some of the replacements are just that. Replacements of worn-out equipment and maybe doesn’t have a specific ROI, but certainly the rehabs of $50 million was all approved at investment committee. Those are all deals that have to meet rigorous hurdles.
Mark Parrell: No, I have not, but I can. For January, we achieved 4.2% on renewals. February, which is almost closed out, 85% are closed out, we achieved 4.2%. And then March, 60%, we still have 50% to be worked, and we are at a 3.9%.
Mark Parrell: We have been using free cash flow Michael, as you know, to complete what has been a very successful development work. We are bringing that down and that creates capacity to perhaps do as you suggest as we get through the development that needs to be completed this year. Like I have said repeatedly on these calls that share repurchases are certainly part of what we will consider. We have bought stock back in the past and we will not be afraid to buy stock back in the future. We got limited bites at the apple and when you do, you would need to make it count and we will make sure that if and when we do it, it’s at the right time.
Mark Parrell: We see the same discount as the street is seeing. I mean nobody is more aware of that than we are this management team and our Board. And when we act, we will let you know. But we won’t – no need I think to say anything in advance of that activity.
David Santee: Well, let me say this. This is why – I can give you an example of the fourth quarter numbers, but we know from tracking this for the last 10 years that if the market is even stable, the likelihood of having negative lease over lease growth in Q4 is a likely outcome, because you have a disproportionate of people breaking their leases in Q4 versus regular lease expirations. So just to give you an extreme example, so New York in Q4 was a minus 5.3, okay. But almost every market is negative. So basically, you are re-letting units at – that were at premiums and now you are re-letting them at lower rents. However, you have very few transactions. So you can’t extrapolate the direction of the market from those numbers. So in Q1, it becomes less negative. And then in Q2 and Q3, it’s very positive. And that’s just how the cycle works pretty much every year.
David Santee: Well, I guess we look at the quarterly numbers historically. We have to assume some level of rent growth, what are leases doing. In San Francisco for 2017, we assume that new lease rents will be flat over last year, right. So rents will be basically the same as they were last year, but people who have lived with us for 2 years, 18 months, are paying above market rents, so those will roll down. So we have incorporated all of that into our guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
David Santee: Yes, I mean, look, the lease-ups are still giving concessions, that’s just kind of as a standard operating procedure on new lease-ups. But we are, like I said, the market seems stable. Some people are offering concessions, but it’s few and far between. And we think that now that the market has repriced in ‘16 that there is not really a need for concessions.
David Santee: I certainly would suggest that we are seeing did ask spreads widening. But I will tell you that the deals there that are getting done, we think are getting done and valuations that are not showing that kind of delta. Now may be deals are being pulled back in the marketplace, which seller is unwilling to sell at that kind of discount. But I also sort of just say just in support of that is that we are still seeing land prices very strong. We are still seeing construction cost going up and seeing no abatement in replacement costs, which are also going to be, I think the driver of underlying value of existing stabilized assets.
David Santee: I guess, I would say that we don’t – we are not forecasting any material change to job growth either to the upside or the downside. A lot of the administration’s initiatives are probably more construction type jobs what have you. I mean, everything else remains to be seen. And that’s kind of how we are looking at jobs. I mean, the unemployment rate is low.
David Santee: Right. So the unemployment rate and college-educated is 2.5%, so I’m not sure how much more you could improve in the next 12 months, I think it’s just another yet to be seen kind of thing.
David Santee: Yes, very little. I mean there is almost nothing targeted on that. For some time, we have had just the very, very short list on the acquisition side, but it covers a little bare there at the present time, just given where we see valuations are at the present time relative to wanting to stop, but that we would sell. So I mean that is all I think speculative at this time. If and when we find good trade opportunities to finance that with proceeds from the sale, we will go ahead and do that. But that’s generally been the way we thought about most of that activity even in last year. We had started with an expectation of perhaps selling some to redeploy that would be in addition in a way from the large disposition process. And we did last year, but they were ended up being very little of that activity actually taking place. So we continue to look for products that we can finance that we do think makes sense and the price would makes sense and we believe we can pair that up with appropriate sale, we will go ahead and do that. But we don’t see a lot of that – we are not working a lot of that at the present time.
David Santee: We do our best to retain our employees and there is many levers, benefits, enhanced department discounts what have you. There are a lot of team managers out there that don’t necessarily have skin in the game when it comes to offering wages. And we have seen some how we call them outrageous offers to some people. But for the most part, I think, a lot of our people that work at Equity Residential are very loyal. And what we do see are people leaving for simply more opportunity. The good performers that when you are adding 30,000 units over a couple of years in New York City that creates a lot of new property manager jobs, regional manager jobs and what have you, but we don’t see people leaving for lateral opportunities.
David Santee: So, we have begun to dig into our database. We don’t identify the people on visas specifically. But there are other ways that we can query folks with no Social Security numbers or kind of an obvious first run. I would tell you that we are not ready to commit to any numbers. But I think what we have seen so far plays out matches up with our thinking in that Boston and San Francisco are very similar for different reasons, right? So San Francisco is more H1B visa. Boston is more international students. New York is probably in between those two places. So once we validate what we are seeing, we would be in a better position to kind of talk about that next quarter.
David Santee: No. I mean, we did a sensitivity analysis market by market. We know there is a 50 basis point increase or decrease in revenue what that does to the whole company. And I think we have created the appropriate ranges given the expected activity in the market that gets you to our midpoint.
