David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We have got a lot to go over today and we will start with David Santee providing some color on operations. Talk a little bit about how last year ended up, a discussion on our core markets and our overall outlook for 2016. I will then discuss the acquisition and disposition activity that we are planning this year that will be in addition to the recently completed $5.365 billion sale to Starwood. And finally, Mark Parrell will take you through how our operating outlook and transaction and other assumptions impact our 2016 earnings guidance, our regular and special dividends, our recent debt repayment activities following the Starwood sales and liquidity. Now before we get started, I want to make a couple of general comments because we all read and listen to the same things the rest of you do and we know that there is a lot of volatility around the globe and across the financial markets. And there a lot of questions about how that is currently impacting or might soon impact the domestic economy in general and our business in particular. Because there have also been some reports of increasing apartment vacancy and declining rental rates. Like you, we don't have a crystal ball. All we can tell you is what we are seeing real time in our business and what we're seeing is some markets are a bit behind where we had expected at this point and others a bit ahead. But in total portfolio wide, we are where we expected to be one month into the year with 30 days forward visibility. And as in recent years, renewals tell a lot of the story. Renewal increases in November, December and January were all plus 6% and we will also achieve plus 6% growth in renewal rents in February. Portfolio occupancy today is 96.1%, very much in line with our expectations and quite strong for this time of year. All in all, we are pretty much right where we thought we would be when we gave our initial guidance for 2016 back in late October. So with that said, I will let David go into more detail about our markets, our current outlook for 2016 and why we think this year will be another good year for the apartment business and for Equity Residential.
David Neithercut: All right. Thank you, David. We are very pleased to have recently closed our sale of 72 non-core assets totaling 23,262 apartment units to Starwood for $5.365 billion or $231,000 per unit. I am particularly pleased to realize an 11.1% unleveraged IRR on these investments inclusive of indirect management costs over an extremely long hold period. This sale was a result of an incredible effort by a lot of folks here at EQR who worked practically around the clock to get this deal done. And I thank all of them for their dedication and commitment. And I also thank those who left the company with the sale of this portfolio. Some of them have been with us for more than 20 years. We are most grateful to all of these people for their service to our residents and the company. On our last earnings call when this transaction with Starwood was first announced, we explained that this disposition accomplished several things for us. First, we realized very good pricing on assets in markets not considered core for us and on some assets in our core markets that didn't quite fit our long-term strategic vision. The second thing we accomplished is that we can now focus solely on our strategy of owning, building and operating assets in higher density urban locations with close proximity to public transportation, job centers and other amenities that cities have to offer. As we have discussed with many of you since the original announcement, this sale and the sale of $700 million of additional assets in 2016, would result in a special dividend of $9 to $11 per share. And that decision was made due to the challenge we saw trying to recycle $6 billion of capital in today's marketplace where we continue to see strong institutional demand for core assets in Gateway coastal cities and very competitive pricing as a result of the demand. We continue to believe and are grateful for the support of so many of you who did agree with us for returning much of these proceeds to our investors through a special dividend in a balance sheet neutral way is the best capital allocation decision we can make on behalf of our shareholders. Since our original announcement of the Starwood transaction, demand for multifamily assets in our core markets has continued unabated and so we have considered the sale of several additional assets that due to either operational challenges or submarket issues, or pricing potential that we simply thought too good to pass up, might represent additional timing opportunities to monetize our interest in certain assets and modestly increase the size of this year's special dividend. Last week, for instance, we sold one of three assets acquired from the Macklowe family in 2010, when we paid a total of $475 million for the entire portfolio. This particular property, RiverTower was sold for $390 million, or $1.2 million per door at a yield in the low 3s, for a five-year unleveraged IRR inclusive of indirect management cost of 14%. This sale was previously contemplated and was accounted for in our original special dividend guidance of $9 to $11 per share. In addition, we have also started work on the potential disposition of another $600 million of possible sales that if consummated could increase the dividend by another dollar or so per share and hence the new range of $10 to $12 per share noted in last night's press release. I want to be publicly clear because I am sure many of you will have questions about this. We backed up the truck once with the sale to Starwood, we have no intention of doing so again. And as I have said, we are working on a limited number of additional sales yet this year that could bring our special dividend up to the $10 to $12 per share. Our guidance also assumes that we will sell an additional $300 million by the end of the year, 100% of which would be redeployed in the new acquisitions. And that level of activity is accounted for in our guidance towards the back half of the year at a negative yield spread of 75 basis points. This additional $300 million of activity will only occur if we can find suitable investments for which we are willing to trade out of current assets. So the guidance provided in the press release is for $7.4 billion of dispositions comprised of the $6.1 billion we announced last October, nearly $400 million for RiverTower. Another $600 million expected to be sold during the year adding an additional dollar per share to our special dividend and $300 million of sales that will occur if and only if we can suitable reinvestment opportunities. Our acquisition guidance for $600 million is roughly $300 million of 1031 reinvestments to cover some very large tax gains of certain unaffiliated limited partners as a result of the Starwood transaction and $300 million of additional possible acquisitions in the back half of the year and matched up with dispositions in the normal course of managing our portfolio. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Mark Parrell.
David Neithercut: Thanks, Nick. Good question. Look I think that history has demonstrated that these gateway market asset values hold up better and recover more quickly. I think we have experienced that certainly through the last recession and the markets in which we are focused today we saw rent recover quickly and surpass the established new highs and values perform similarly. So we are quite comfortable and confident that we are in the right markets for the long term and think we are in the markets that will perform and should outperform if there is any sort of recession on the horizon.
David Neithercut: No. I would say that we when we go through the budget process that we just wrapped up and Mark reviews, I would say that some started off the year a little differently than we expected but we still feel that full year results are intact. LA is definitely much stronger than we expected. Orange County, San Diego is much stronger than we expected. San Francisco starting off a little slower than we expected primarily due to just some of the lease ups and the impact on the closer in assets. But everything else is really right where we thought it would be.
David Neithercut: Well, the recent activity I guess is attributable to a couple of things Steve. Number one is, just, you would have less activity in the fourth quarter, particularly in lease up. So I wouldn’t read too much into the fourth quarter statistics or recent statistics on lease up. The other thing that happens is that when you get in to the later stages of leasing up a building, you have less inventory. And so you are less able to accommodate everybody who walks through the door. You can imagine people walk through the door early on. You have got all the ones, all the studios, all the twos and can accommodate from a wider price range and whatever product we have. Now you are getting to a point where you have got less inventory in particular ranges and you may not be able to accommodate everyone. So it just will naturally slow. And on the Upper Westside as you know, it's being impacted by other deliveries and we have larger units either sort of with the inventory yet to lease at our Amsterdam deal and that would also just take more time. But all in all, we have been very pleased with those assets. Have been thrilled with the value we have created there and they are going to stabilize and will do extraordinarily well for us.
David Neithercut: Well, as we noted back when we announced the Starwood transaction, we had close to $300 million of 1031s we were going to have to do to cover some set gains for some unaffiliated investors. And so a property became available for sale in DC in the [U Street] [ph], 14th Street corridor, that we thought we could buy at an attractive rate, at mid-4 kind of cap rate. And we thought it was a good trade and would be a good asset to cover. We can obviously have a big operation in DC and the guys saw that it represented pretty good value. So walk score of 99 in that very highly desirable marketplace for the demographic that was living in the city.
David Neithercut: Well, the additional transactions that we had first announced that we would do in addition to the Starwood transaction are generally sort of in Connecticut and Massachusetts. So it's the residual assets that we acquired with the Globe transaction back in the late 90s. The other properties that, in addition to that, was the RiverTower transaction, which I noted, we did in New York. And a couple of other properties in California that we are considering selling, that are in various stages of that process. And then of the $300 million that I have talked about, that would be disclosed if and if we can find appropriate trade assets. My guess, so you will see a little bit here and a little bit there. There's been nothing specifically indicated at this time.
David Neithercut: Yes. I guess I can't tell you what that spread will be going forward in the normal course of our business but, yes, it should certainly narrow because the assets we will be trading in the future in the normal process of managing our portfolio will be assets in our core markets. And those will trade at a tighter cap rate to the assets than which we would acquire in those trade markets as opposed to selling assets in the secondary, kind of non-core markets that we have been selling over the past half a dozen or so years. So, yes, it will be a narrower spread than historical. I don’t know exactly 75 or not but certainly much more narrow than what you have seen in the past.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess the strategy has not been to shrink the company but to rather take advantage of what we thought was very strong pricing on assets that we knew we didn't want to own, it did not make sense for us to own long term. In terms of any sort of change in G&A, so there were no -- not a big structural sort of change. There might be some little changes that may have to occur but you won't see a big structural change as a result of selling what we have sold and what we intend to sell over the balance of the year.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, David, the investments are really a function for us of -- the acquisition market is a function of the disposition market. So it's where we believe we can trade and where we can acquire assets relative to the prices at yields at which we can dispose of assets, which represent the capital for that reinvestment. So we are just really working both sides of that equation. There are times in which the bid-ask spread is sort of wide and you won't see us transact. You will see others in which it narrows and we think it would be an advantageous time to transact. So I think that’s really the answer to your question, is it's just how we look at the value of what we want to buy relative to the value of what we want to sell.
David Neithercut: Every REITs got to look at its business model and particular volatility of its income, and we look at ours. You have got a pretty diversified portfolio. You have got debt maturities, we got very little maturing in the near term. And you have got interest expense coverage approaching four times. I mean you really have outstanding metrics in every regard here and the unencumbered pool at our company is the secret not so secret credit strength. We have about, even after all the sales this year, about $1.2 billion of our NOI that I quoted earlier, is unencumbered. And that just gives us huge flexibility. So we think here, when we talk to our board and we discuss this, we're always interested in making sure we are comfortable defensively and position so we can do things offensively. And honestly with the liquidity we have and with the access to the kind of channels of capital we have, I feel very comfortable with these numbers. Other people with different platforms and different volatility, their income streams probably need to be lower. We also have relatively little development, because of that again we can run the balance sheet in a different manner. So I think it's kind of a custom, no one-size-fits-all. It's just applying thoughtful principles to whatever your strategy is and whatever your income stream is.
David Neithercut: Well, after starting an average of $1 billion in each of '13 and '14, we I think communicated pretty directly and quite early to the Street that that number would come down, and it did. Starting only 375 or so million in 2015. And deals that we could start if we feel the desire to do so of similar amount in 2016, Mark's guidance assumes about $350 million of starts. So as Mark noted in answer to the last question, we have seen our development exposure come down considerably. Land is very expensive. Construction costs are up, yields are down and as we look at the yields that are available in the marketplace, we just don't think they make sense for us. We are also not inclined to go further out into the suburbs in order to sort of chase yield because our strategy is to be focused on the urban core. We think that the total returns will perform better in the urban core than in the suburbs. So there is not a function of us saying we want this amount as a percentage of our equity footings on our balance sheet or that percentage. We just look for opportunities and when we find ones we think make sense for us, we will not be shy pursuing them, but they are just getting more and more difficult to find. We did acquire some sites in San Francisco in the SoMa district last year, three properties which were assembled. And we will work on those going forward and we will see those might be a potential 2017 start. But we've been quite clear, I think, for quite some time that after an elevated level of starts in that $1 billion range as a result of the land sites that came to us in the Archstone transaction, that that number would likely come down and indeed it has. And we are happy where we are. If we can find opportunities that we think makes sense for more, we will be happy to do more. But I don't see us for some time ever getting close to the $1 billion start rate that we saw in '13 and '14.
David Neithercut: Well. So, call it a high single-digit with five and change built-in. We know renewals will deliver in the high single-digits which is roughly 50% of our revenue growth. So really as far as contribution of new rental rate to the overall full year revenue growth, it's about 25%.
David Neithercut: I'm not sure we've seen any change. I think that there's been very strong demand for the good-quality product and that demand will push other buyers maybe to lesser quality products. So I don't think there's been any real change over the last year, six months, 90 days between the two. Our teams came back from the NMHC meetings in Orlando last month. We are quite confident that there will continue to be really strong demand across all qualities in these core markets and have really seen no let up whatsoever.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess I can only answer the question or judge that by the success we have had leasing up the properties that we have developed in the urban core. And the strength has been just incredible. You know Washington DC over the last several years has delivered 30,000 units and occupancy hardly budged. Now we didn’t have a lot of pricing power for several years but as David indicated, we hope to see that change in 2016. I think there is more product being built downtown because more people want to live downtown. I guess I have questions about how many people want to leave downtown to move to the suburbs that live in a structured box. So we just think long-term that this move to urbanization is not a short-term but a long-term phenomena and that we are very much positioned where we want to be now. Particularly having sold what we have sold and what we intend to sell for the balance of the year. The statistics will be quite clear as the perspective of the percentage of our income from the urban core, the walk scores of our properties etcetera, etcetera, will be without peer in our space.
David Neithercut: Sure. I mean this is a very important year for REITs. I think it's a terrific opportunity for us to market to a wider set of people whose eyes are open to the benefits of owning real estate in a public format. And so we do intend to be pretty aggressive this year in reaching out to generalists, to people who don’t own. And we are trying to think about things in a more general way instead of giving it to specific statistical information that some of our more longer term investors are more focused on. I think some of these generalists are more focused on more broader demographic trends , broader population usage. You know people being more interested in urban core and maybe not owning cars. Those are facts that are more of interest to some of the generalist investors than per square foot rent numbers or per square foot build numbers. So, yes, we do have a big focus this year on that and we do intend to discuss both earnings in the way they think about it and IRRs in the way we think about. Getting the most you can get out of a portfolio. A lot of our activity this year, as you pointed out, was about maximizing the IRR on some of these assets and returning capital which we think is good for all shareholders generally and are dedicated.
David Neithercut: Well, let me answer your first question. The economic on our business we have no way to determine that. There was no deal signed, there was no agreement in place at the moment. Should we entertain an agreement, I would say that economic benefits would be at the bottom of our priority list and it's really more about gaining transparency and control of what's going on all around us today. So regardless of what happens, I don’t see any direct material economic benefit to our company. Perhaps more so with residents and those who choose to participate in the sharing economy. But I think we have ways to go before anything meaningful comes with that.
David Neithercut: It's really the latter. I mean you answered your own question. Really, Michael, honestly, just demand is that strong in that marketplace. Now Mission Bay has been impacted a little bit as of late because of some competing supply in Mission Bay but that's absorbing very quickly. And Oden and in Ballard in Seattle is essentially the same thing. There's just that much demand of this kind of housing in these locations. And so our absorption has been in those assets much faster than what we had thought at rates that met or exceeded expectations. We are obviously very pleased with both of them.
David Neithercut: Well, certainly nothing has changed with respect to those assets that are in Connecticut, Massachusetts, that we talk about as sort of the [growth] [ph] assets. Which were the additional dispositions that we announced that we would sell when we announced the original Starwood transaction. Those are small assets. Local and regional players, we have got some of those under contract today. In our last investment committee discussion the team running that told us that they were seeing those bids come in just pretty much as they had expected with the same sort of cast of characters that they had expected. So really no change there. With respect to any other change as a result of the FIRPTA, I think that many of those investors are still trying to figure that out. They have been operating under one set of guidelines for a long time and now they are trying to figure out with the new set, exactly how they might want to move forward. So I wouldn’t say that we have seen any change at the present time.
David Neithercut: No, there is some larger assets involvement. It's fewer assets than what you might think. So just a small handful.
David Neithercut: Yes. And I will just add, we are doing a lease up in San Jose today in which we actually saw acceleration in activity in December from what the averages have been from the prior months starting in September. So I know Seattle is, Dave had mentioned about our property in Odin leasing up extraordinarily well, our [indiscernible] 99 leasing up extraordinarily well. And then as we talked about in Mission Bay, we are leasing up against some competition that’s slowed down a little bit but that’s not going to be an issue. Those units will absorb quickly.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess I would say that you have seen all renewals gradually increase over the last two or three years. I think two years ago we did a three, last year we did a four, this year we are tracking at a five. But really what will be the catalyst for DC is, we are moving the pricing pressure on new leases. I think once people get to a place that they are comfortable with, that’s close proximity to where they work and the amenities that they enjoy outside, they tend to stay. So it's just a matter of getting the new people I the door at a higher rate. And when you look at the distribution of new deliveries, you are going to deliver far more units outside of what we call close in Arlington and the district itself. So I think the stars were lined to start seeing better performance come from our DC portfolio.
David Neithercut: So when we put guidance together and it isn't a vast difference this year, what we do here Tayo is we think about the NOI range would give us on either side. And then we think about our acquisitions and dispositions which are usually, we know them within a certain, fairly close tolerance. The lower end of that range is only accessible if dispositions were accelerated. We do not get there from our NOI numbers and as David Santee has indicated, we have no reason to believe we will be anywhere below our NOI guidance range. So I would tell you we only get to $3 if we announce next quarter that we have sold a lot of what is in process now, very quickly. So that really is the way you get to the bottom of that range. It isn't because we contemplated recession in our numbers. And I will just take this opportunity to go a little bit further and talk about the trend of FFO by quarter because we have given you a guidance midpoint of $0.75 for the first quarter. And that will go up we think modestly every quarter and will be slightly over 80 by the time you get to the fourth quarter. So as you look forward, it isn't the same sharp increase you are used to seeing from us because there is some dilution. But I think at the end you will still see a number, $0.80 or so, by the fourth quarter and probably a little bit higher.
David Neithercut: Well, that would come from dispositions being delayed and NOI either from lease-ups or from same store doing considerably better than our current expectations.
David Neithercut: Who? Michael, here is what it is, and it will be what it is for a while, would be my guess. It's interesting to sort of watch and I will tell you that I don’t think anybody who is visiting our properties particularly cares and just it is what it is.
David Neithercut: Great. Well, thank you all for your time today. We look forward to visiting with you all as the year progresses.
Mark Parrell: It's Mark Parrell, Nick. It was broadly similar. Revenue was slightly lower as you might guess from losing Denver which was a strong market. But it was within a couple tens of a percent of the same numbers we reported for 2015 for the existing same store set.
Mark Parrell: So comparing the 93,000 units in 2015 to the 70,000 we expect in 2016, there is no meaningful difference in our lines.
Mark Parrell: If I could just revert back on your question. So for 2016, and this is total NOI so this includes our projected acquisition NOI, this includes a few weeks of Starwood, I mean this is just the totality of it, between $1.6 billion and $1.65 billion would be a good number.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So the EBITDA number is what our true 2016. So it does include a little bit of Starwood income we won't have next year. It does include the growth and the debt is the year-end number.
Mark Parrell: No. But I would expect 2017 not to be dissimilar to that 5.8 or to be slightly better, given what we expect on growth. And the fact that we have also effectively covered all our liabilities for a bit.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Dave, it's Mark Parrell. I am just going to refer you to page 23 where we have our CapEx guidance. So what we have done is we have expected, and this is on the 70,000 unit set that will be our new same store we think by the end of the year. That we expect to spend about $2200 per unit. This year, this year being 2015, we spent $1800 effectively. But that was on the 93,000 same store unit set. So what we have done is we have tried to think about this as a percentage of NOI, as a percentage of revenue. And with the company's new higher rent per unit and new higher NOI per unit, when you look at 2200, that’s about 7% of same store revenue for the new 70,000 units and about 10% of same store NOI. And that’s exactly, really exactly identical to the $1801 we spend as a percentage of the lower same store revenue per unit and lower same store NOI per unit. So really proportionally it's about the same but on a per unit basis it goes up just like our per unit rents are going up. I would say it's our contention that over time high rise and mid-rise on a capital basis will cost less as a percentage of NOI than running a garden portfolio. That contention will play out over a longer time period than just two years.
Mark Parrell: Yes. It's Mark Parrell. Honestly in a year where we are planning to pay our shareholders an $11 special dividend, it didn't occur to us that the annual recurring dividend would be the topmost concern and that going down it needs to make sense relative to our cash flow in good and bad times. It needs to be resilient. So when operations do decline, we're not in a position with the dividends to let some or immediately uncovered. So I guess we have a policy, we think that transparency has a lot of value. So people who are in that, predictability has a lot of value. So we didn't think about freezing the annual dividend in order to just preserve those optics. We think people in the long run will see through that.
Mark Parrell: We have about $725 per unit which equates to about that $40 million we have number. It's hard for me to put a precise percentage. Certainly there is a percentage of that that's more or less deferred maintenance but a great deal of it is optional. We talk about it at investment committee and in fact we would probably also add that there is some sustainability stuff in those numbers that has a pretty good ROI on it. So, I guess, I can't give you a precise number. I think it's probably more revenue enhancing than it is just necessary capital in that rehab category, but I don't have some specific number for you.
Mark Parrell: So, thanks, Alex. So the first question on the Archstone secured debt, except for the tax exempt debt that we inherited, we inherited several $100 million of floating rate, very inexpensive Archstone tax exempt debt. We have repaid all the secured debt that we inherited from that transaction after repayment of the pool that we mentioned in the press release. On the second question, again, it's just an assumption. We haven't done a large secured debt pool in a while. It's also a fairly small borrowing. The unsecured market really has a strong preference now for a larger borrowings and larger borrowers like us. So I wouldn’t go to market on a non-index eligible, $200 million unsecured deal. I would go with something larger like $500 million. So given our relatively modest needs, my sense is we do a secured deal. We haven't done one in a couple of years, a large pool. So it'd probably be good to feel that market out and sort of see what all the terms exactly are as well. But that’s really more a function just besides being relatively small.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And we have actually added that Wes. Those properties that we have under construction sort of on a stabilized basis. And it roughly breaks down where on the east coast Boston is about 10%, New York is 19% or 20% or so, and BC about 18%. So just little bit under half on the east coast. And then around 9% or so percent in Seattle, about 20% in San Francisco and 25% throughout the three markets in Southern California. So LA, Orange County and San Diego. So a little bit more than half on the west coast. And again that’s after that Starwood, after everything else we are contemplating selling and putting on line and stabilizing all that is currently under development.
Mark Parrell: That’s a pretty heavy level of detail. We will give it a word. I mean I think we would suggest that same store NOI for the first quarter of 2016 would be approximately $400 million and that goes into the $1.6 billion I quoted earlier. And that number goes up throughout the year so it's a little below $400 million in the first quarter and ends up being above it, obviously. And then you have got lease up income which in the first quarter might be $10 million to $15 million and by the end of the year is more like $20 million. But again, I think we are getting into a great deal of precision at this point and it will certainly be variability.
David Santee: We've spent a lot of time over the last week or so as we went through budgets. Traffic really remains identical to last year. Our level of applications, which is really the canary in the coal mine, are identical to last year. I think San Francisco, we looked at rent growth on a property by property basis. I would tell you that some of the other developers have different philosophical approaches to lease ups and different tactics that are probably not warranted in my opinion relative to the strength of market, but nevertheless we will have to deal with that. Anecdotally, I can tell you that we've had a graphic design guy that's been at equity for probably 14-15 years, that took a job in San Francisco and basically he's renting a couch in someone's apartment because there still remains a housing shortage and I think this temporary dislocation given the seasonality of the market will repair itself over the next 30 days.
David Santee: Yes. I think that was our thesis back in late 2014-2015, was that demand increased organically, we did not do anything to grow our occupancy. And we are pretty much in net effective shop and we will let the rent and demand be the god. Certainly San Francisco is a great example of where demand far outstrips supply and we saw 100 basis point pickup in the previous 18 months while still increasing rents 14%, 15%. That's kind of the job of LRO and our pricing team is to optimize that balance with occupancy and rate each and every day.
David Santee: No. I mean there is -- this is David Santee. There is really no change in home buying in our core markets. I think the focus on the two and three bedrooms is limited to the Upper West Side and perhaps our new developments. But when you are 96% plus occupied across most markets, you generally have a good mix of product. Typically in New York, the majority of our units are studios and one bedroom. So the fact that we have so few and the fact that those so few are more vacant really causes us to focus on that from a revenue perspective. So I don't see any other issues in any other markets relative to demand for larger apartments.
David Santee: This is David Santee. You know I think perhaps there could be some short-term dislocation in the quality of product that is being delivered in New York. The only way you could build an apartment building in New York is through a 421a subsidy. And the rents command the top end of the market. But there are plenty of people that make considerable amounts of money that can afford those types of buildings. So I think what you see is what we see. And in every other market when we have a concentration of deliveries, there is near-term impact. And I don’t see New York falling off the cliff. I mean it's kind of the number one place that people want to be in the world. And I think should there be any short term dislocation, it would come back even stronger than it had been before as it has every other time that it's taken a dip. San Francisco, I just think that, look, even though you are delivering the apartments in the urban core, the area is still under-served as far as affordable housing. And when you look at the job projections across San Jose, San Francisco and Oakland, you are looking at 122,000 jobs in 2016 and delivering only 6000 apartments. So I don’t see anything materially changing in San Francisco.
David Santee: Okay. Well, Seattle continues to be in high demand. Amazon continues -- we look at the online job openings, they are still in the 4600 to 4800 range. A lot of the supply continues to move around. I think you will see that supply skewed towards Belleview in 2016. But as far as job growth in Seattle, we see that very strong in 2016. What do we have here, 2.3%, almost 44,000 jobs expected in Seattle. In San Francisco, I would say we didn’t see any softness in the fourth quarter. I think that’s what you ask me. I think that the softness more appeared right around the holidays and as we came into the New Year. I mean when you look back over the past two years in San Francisco, rents in January were up 15% over the previous year and in January of '14 rents were up 13% over the previous year. So you are just starting at a different point and when you look at the makeup of pricing, both in San Francisco and the Peninsula, the urban core is being affected by what's being delivered down there today. But the job growth outlook down the Peninsula, I think are very favorable. I mean every day we are reading about, whether it's Oracle, whether it's Apple, whether it's Airbnb and the Citi. All these large companies continue to lockup office space or land or have already started building other office headquarters. So I don’t see any slowdown in the jobs in San Francisco and I think the softness on the rate that we see today is very concentrated as a result of new supply.
