Mark Parrell: Thank you, Marty, good morning, greetings from [Sheryl] Chicago, it’s the negative 21 degrees right now, with a minus 50 degree windshield. Although the weather outside is quite cold, our business on the contrary feels quite one to us and we will spend a few moments this morning with you discussing it. And we’re pleased to have delivered same store revenue growth at the top end of our original guidance range as well as solid normalized FFO growth in 2018, we had strong momentum in the fourth quarter and 2019 has started well. Now admittedly December and January are months with a seasonally well volume of transaction. So strong high wage job and income growth in our markets combined with positive demographics and a consumer preference for a Reno lifestyle in our highly desirable city has created a supported backdrop for our business in spite of elevated levels of new supply. Recent announcements regarding Amazon HQ2 and Google’s continued business expansion are reinforcement of our belief that analogy economy will be focused and the markets will redo business. In Washington DC 70% of our NOI comes within 5 miles of rural location of HQ2. In New York we’ve more than 20 properties that are start to new. In the Long Island city location of HQ2 we’re more that are start to new from the new Google expansion location in the West Village. We expect that 2019 will be another good year for us with strong demand across our markets creating high occupancy conditions, but continuing elevated supply levels for some of our markets keeping us within the price submission allow our internal dashboards blink and green, we’re also aware that the economic and other headlines are giving me more cautionary yellow signal. With that in mind, in a moment I’m going to turn the call over to Michael Manelis, our Chief Operating Officer to give you color and how we’re looking at revenue growth across our markets in 2019 and Bob Garechana, our Chief Financial Officer will follow with a review of normalized FFO and expense results and guidance and also discuss our balance sheet and then I’ll wrap it up on the prepared remarks side by speaking on our investment activity and after that we’ll open the call to your questions. Go ahead, Michael.
Mark Parrell: Hey Trent, it's Mark Parrell, thanks for that question. So, it seems that we do have this conversation every year. We always seem to have the highest supply numbers right now for the year. So, our internal estimates now for 2019 are give-or-take 77,000 units. But we fully expect 10% or 15% of that to move because it always moves. So again, we do think something will move in the 20. Right now our 2020 numbers are lower and we will be putting our an update on our numbers a little bit later in the quarter. But again, we see continued pressure on construction costs. Labor costs, materials cost, land prices is not really declined at this point. We see all that, we also see rents not growing as quickly as construction cost and we see pressure on developers and we see that growing over time. When that really comes to pass in a very significant decline, we would expect that to occur at some point but I just can't have it to guess at this juncture that at this point we do think '20 is lower than '19.
Mark Parrell: It's Parrell, and Manelis will kind of split this one up. So, in terms of anything changing in our process, no. our process is sort of both the bottoms up and the top-down process and we sort of arrived at a consensus number. So, not the process is the same. We talked our field personnel, there's often assets specific positive and negative going on. New supply where they know sort of the exact impact, maybe a renovation at a property, things of that nature. Or the top of the house we're looking at supply numbers, job growth, we're thinking about how the market moved the prior year and we sort of merged those two together and reach consensus. I'll let Michael speak to the markets with positive and kind of that.
Mark Parrell: Thanks for the question, Jeff. I've been at the company 20 years and was the CFO for an 11. So, I fully invested in this strategy. I mean the strategy is always more then changed over time and it undoubtedly we'll continue to. In last year, we went back into Denver, we telegraphed that, we talked about it, we continue as we did under David's time at the helm as we will undermine, we'll always think about markets and different types of assets we can buy in our markets. Now I think that sort of evolutionary process will continue but in terms of some dramatic changes that the board now are contemplating that that would not at this point in the case.
Mark Parrell: And Jeff, if I can just add to that a little bit, it's Mark. We do see maybe 3500+ units being delivered. This is into a market that has I know I mean the Bay area in general, the least amount of housing in the country; it needs more housing. So, whatever little blip this might cause or might not cause to the operations of our assets across the Bay in San Francisco or the few assets that we do have in each day, in the long run this market will absorb this product readily because it's just an area where there's just incredible demand for housing. It's very under supplied and so we don’t look at it as some permanent disability or even frankly much more than a temporary blip.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So, actually when I look back at where we thought '18 was going to be, we really have not seen a significant change at all. So, the 19,000 units that we expected kind of came in maybe one unit's look smaller, two units small units but we really didn’t see that kind of slippage in New York. And again, as we think about the 2019 landscape is against our competitive footprint.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess I would say from an earn-in perspective New York contribute with 70 basis points stronger and better growth today than we did at this time last year. So, we do have some embedded growth in the rent wall from leases that were saying for like maybe or to the back half of the year and we've got good momentum right now. We've got demonstrated pricing power. It's not robust pricing power but it's more pricing power than we've had in a long time. And if that momentum can continue, I think we're going to be just fine with this range that we put out there.
Mark Parrell: So, just to give you an order of magnitude, John, to help you a little here and we're talking about two dozen people. So, we're not concerned about it. We waive those late fees, so we're not going to get them. So, that's undoubtedly true. So, we do charge the accounts the late fees, we do recognize that through revenue and if they aren’t paid, we have a process where a couple of months later it all gets written off. We've very low write offs in this portfolio, one of the advantages of the portfolio shift is to have a portfolio where you didn’t have a lot of people that move out in the middle of the night, you didn’t have a lot of people that don’t pay the rent. So, write off this portfolio effectively the minimist. So, I don’t expect that change as a result of this recent incident.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I guess at this point there is nothing out there that would suggest that even if there are additional shutdowns that there is not going to be a retro pay catch up. And therefore, the residence won't be in a position to get caught back up nonetheless.
Mark Parrell: Hey Steve, it's Mark. Thanks for the good question. This is as much are the science as you know we got people on the ground really looking at this hard, we underwrite every deal. We end up bidding on a select group of oneself. I'll give you a little bit of flavor of how we're thinking about things. When you're talking about revenue assumptions in the next few years, we do feel like we have more visibility there. So, for example the Denver asset that we just bought a few weeks ago, we effectively assumed because we know there is near-term competition, no revenue growth for a couple of years and concessions. We understand that market, we know what's going in the next few years and then over time at some points things will balance themselves differently. And you'll have a year with the six in it later on. Well, what generally happens is in the near term, you have whatever you really think is going to happen in that market from your knowledge on the ground from our investment in property management teams. Going forward, you sort of revert to some sort of average in the market which generally for us and revenue growth then your five on might be somewhere in that who is depending, how we feel about the markets long-term prospects. And then you look at your cap rate, you're reversing every cap rate at the end because of a lot of the product we're buying like the stuff we're buying in Denver, a high rise. We don’t see as much cap rate widening in the sale as maybe you'd see if you were buying garden product. That give you just a framework for our thought process but again picking what your seven revenue growth is going to be is definitely an estimate.
Mark Parrell: Well, we accomplish. Yes well, and you just said if you look through that. I mean if you think the number is going to be 350 in the market for revenue growth over a long period of time. You may have underestimated it in year four and you over estimated in year seven and that just kind of averages out. So, again the near term stuff, we underwrite tight based on having product in these markets, knowing how it's performing, having a real good feel. As you go further out, it's a little bit more of an averaging effect.
Mark Parrell: Yes. And we're seeing trades go off and we think unlevered IRRs maybe in the sixes, the stuff we've been giving the purchase has been in the sevenths. Again, some of that is skewed by Denver, maybe being a little bit higher cap rate market but the stuff we're buying in the sevens but we do see product rate. In at the sixes, maybe even in the five or high fives in terms of IRR's but again those are the deals we wouldn’t plan.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks for that question. So, on development. We've had a terrific run, we have a great team in place. We do think about it as a long-term value creator for our company. Right now, our development folks are mostly been busy with adjacent land sites; the properties we already own. We do have a couple of other land sites on the west coast that we're thinking about. But we made a decision a few years ago as we saw these costs really go up as we saw rents kind of flattened out but it really wasn’t worth the risk. We completed I think a very lucrative development pipeline for the most part, there are couple of things still in process. I guess the way we think about it right now Steve is, we think about it as part of the long term mix to capital allocation for the company. I don't think you will see us accelerate that in the year or so we just don't see an opportunity to do that as yields were willing to accept to take that kind of risk. But I do think you should expect that there will be a time and a place where we will do more development for sure and I think we will constantly do these densification plays where we take a property and it's the parking lot, the back parking lot or the garage and we will do something there. We are adding units. We are adding new building and what not.
Mark Parrell: Drew, it's Mark. So specifically when you look at building improvements, building improvements are large scale systems so that's why air conditioning unit replacements on top of buildings, elevators and things of that nature. So there is some interplay between that. There is some things that when you do a big capitalized project end up falling into expense. But that interplay isn't quite right. There wasn't a switch there as much as I would like to tell you. That's what happened. It really was just these sort of additional expenses relating to slight damage that hit same store and otherwise non same store. So that really was more of it. 
Mark Parrell: Sure. Those are generally big projects, in a few cases big window replacements or sighting deals on a few mid rise units we own. So those just slide. Just move down a little bit and they'll get done in the next year. So it's really more about just timing of some big chunky projects more than anything else.
Mark Parrell: I'm thinking it's too early I mean we certainly know these people in our markets but we don’t have a lot of detail on those programs at this point. We've run very affordable product before. We own some bay area stuff that I would characterize as highly affordable product. We have affordable units throughout the whole portfolio as well. So I think we have the ability to manage in our markets all types of price points if the returns make sense. So, we'd be interested in it and I'm sure possibly but I guess I just don't know enough to react to that yet.
Mark Parrell: So I would say I think right now if we look through the guidance I'm guessing it's 3% which is kind of in line with kind of where we see these other income lines going from an initiative standpoint. I'll tell you we did a hard look at the parking many years ago. Our parking revenue is up to 54 million in 2018. We actually grew parking by 3 million or 6%. We have basically the road map laid out for every single property and some of that just takes some turnover, some renewals, some changes in the leases to get that income. But if we still have a little bit of room left to optimize some of the parking income but it's not like there's significant kind of opportunities in front of us. The rest of the fees I mean it's a very strategic review asset by asset to try to understand where do you have opportunities, where do you have levers to increase. I don't think I'm aware of anything kind of on the new fee side coming in that that's worth talking about on this call.
Mark Parrell: Sure bear with me for a second here. So for West End 6 for 249 third square 5 and for 1401 East Madison 58. 
Mark Parrell: Yes, so it's a non-cash charge Rob, so it's cost we incurred when we bought this asset a long time ago and we have to write it off. So that runs through the REIT and EPS versions of FFO after our normalized version and that's the biggest item.
Mark Parrell: Yes that's the point I just want to emphasize Rob without beaten this to death is we got rid of a lot of the product that we thought was more susceptible to GST risk some time ago but some of these dispositions including Florida and the Denver suburban stuff this product we thought but really only financed fear was the GST market. So we don't feel and it so it's not changing our plans. Most people who buy assets from us are buying free and clear and you may finance it later at some point but the financing market is not particularly relevant to them. They are cash buyers.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I believe in the mean reversion theory of these long term expenses. I mean over the last five years our expense growth rate is average 2.5% certainly we're expecting it to be higher in 2019 than it's been. Real estate taxes are what they are, but some of these sales of these New York assets where we've affected the 421A growth in our real estate tax line item that stuff Alex is going to help us over time. So we expect that number to go down here. These appraisers have noticed how well apartments have done. They've raised their values. They've taxed us more. At some point that will change and those values will go down and we'll have more appeal success that's just the cycle. In terms of headcount and wages and stuff I would say the same. Right now with so much new products being built there's just a lot of competition for talent as Bob suggested. At some point that'll wax and wane. So I don't I don't know I don't feel like 4% is a run rate. I feel like that's just kind of this year's number and I think there's some good chance it could be lower depending on how things break during a year. I know Michael if you got anything you would add.
Mark Parrell: Yes thanks Alex. Listen this is a very complex area. New York rent control regulations are very involved that we have several full-time staff members who administer this. It's that complex. We are used to these regulations. The Governor was rather general in his remarks. I don't have anything specific to react to. We will continue to advocate through our local trade association as we did very effectively in California that rent control in the long run and New York give me listen a rent control New York forever and it hasn't helped keep prices down to somehow lower level on workforce housing or produced more affordable and workforce housing I would argue. I think enlisting the private sector by having incentives like the affordable New York program, by having zoning that's more inclusive things like that or where you're going to make a real dent in it. The industry does want to be helpful both in New York and otherwise and in fact Alex, the annual trade show event for the industry is going out right now in California and I know right now because we've got senior people attending that there's conversations about New York, about California, about all the places that have these affordable housing issues but this isn't an area where you can legislate a good outcome. You need to really enlist I think the private sector. I think the industry is willing to do its part. So I can't answer your question specifically because there's no detail. Once there are there will be on it but our sense is in New York that the industry association has been pretty effective in education and we'll hope the same occurs this time.
Mark Parrell: I think it's a little bit of a combination of both and then you also got to remember what our earning or what our embedded growth is sitting in some of these neighborhoods. They maybe didn't have as much pressure on supply in 18 that allowed us to start getting some momentum on raising rents and getting some momentum on pricing power. So Manhattan still has an attractiveness to it, at least we see it in our foot traffic. We see it in the demand for our product type. And sitting here today when we look through New York and I go through almost every submarket, every sub market is demonstrating more pricing power today on where our rents are in the marketplace than where they were this time last year. So I think you're right to think about at a sub-market level we could see kind of deviation in the projection and in fact our own projections have ranges going down to 1.5% up to all the way up to a 4% based on various sub-markets. So I think some of it is what is embedded with us and some of it is what should we see is the competitive landscape that we're going to be facing in 19.
Mark Parrell: Yes I'm not sure that dry powder is looking for development exposure. I mean some of it is but I think some of it is probably interested in value add and some of its interested in core and different flavors and the continuum there. I would say that lately we've had more anecdotal evidence to the contrary in terms of more inbound calls to Alan George, our Chief Investment Officer and his team of people that have sites tied up but can't find the equity to do it or their equity went away and they're looking for someone else to jump in and wondered if we were interested. So I'm not suggesting that yet a full trend but we are hearing more of it. We are also seeing and again not yet meaningfully, but we also seeing land come available at prices that were lower or less high than before. So to us I'm not sure that that dry powder is waiting for development. I think if you really wanted to do development and you didn't care too much about the yield you figure out a way to do more development. I think a lot of that is probably interested in other kind of plays in real estate in general or in apartments and right now I kind of see equity. Equity is probably a little bit more hesitant in our opinion on development now than it was a year ago, but until something dislocates they're still going to put some measure of capital into that because the plays work so far.
Mark Parrell: That's almost an existential question for us because when we think about development it isn't with the merchant builder mentality of what's the cap rate if the market is trading at 4 in a quarter we need to get 5 in a quarter and otherwise we won't build it. We're looking at a price per unit, a price per square foot, feeling that this location has been hard to buy I mean a lot of what we built coming out of the great recession that we got from our stone was [chat] with properties in San Francisco because we had such a hard time finding stuff to buy. So we figured we had to build it if we wanted to own it. So I guess, I’d tell you I think, the weak industry in general in Equity Residential for sure on the apartment development side just thinks a little bit differently and more like a long-term investor. So I think most of these developers that are private guys who build until someone doesn't give them the money and they can have different yield expectations that they are what they are. I think for a company like ours we are very disciplined that's one of the advantages and we're perfectly willing to sit on our hands and like I said continue to look at things that are already in the portfolio to create densification and/or buy assets that already exist. So I don't know that it can be reduced to the manner you just reduced it to.
Mark Parrell: It's probably too cold outside. Well, we might accept a little lower spread than they are if it's really hard to build asset in like San Francisco. We might require a lot more in a place that maybe is a little bit easier to build like DC because we have the ability to go optionally between buying existing streams of income and building new streams of income. So I guess that would be my full answer.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So I'll cover kind of a buyer base and the differentiation between a green bond and a conventional bond. Obviously with the green bond you do attract a different type of buyer base in part but not in total as what I would say. So in part, this deal that we lasted did probably have 15% or 20% of capital that came from dedicated kind of green institutions that had a mandate from their stakeholders to invest in these types of bonds and that is certainly helpful to the overall demand as you're issuing a bond. To kind of get to your second point which is from a pricing perspective it is really hard to quantify whether or not you get kind of any differential between the spread on a conventional bond versus a green bond. That being said obviously demand for our paper which has been high given our credit quality and kind of our reputation in the space for fixed income is very good. It's helpful to always have more buyers. It was certainly helpful in the market in the fourth quarter because the market in the fourth quarter was pretty choppy. So it did assist us in that regard.
Mark Parrell: So I don't have it broken down by quarter in front of me. I know that in the fourth quarter of 18, the new lease change was down at negative 2.4 and I think as I’ve said on previous call not really thinking that that metric should be looked at on a quarterly basis as much as it should be looked at kind of the annual year-over-year basis. I'm happy to kind of share it as we get through the first quarter. I don't have it down with me right now as to how we broke that improvement up. My guess is most of the improvement in new lease change that I talked about at the top level is occurring in the second and third quarter as we start to experience pricing power in the peak leasing season but I'm sure there's an improvement over Q4 and that I'm sure we stagger it up as we work through the year and then we take Q4 of 19 back down.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So for the full year revenue guidance we would expect new lease change to be positive 10 basis points.
Mark Parrell: So just to be clear about the data we have is a little bit limited on this. So we only pull our residents, are able to effectively request what to take when they first apply to lease portfolio. They're not as forthcoming afterwards. So we're trying to do renewal negotiations. So we don't necessarily know what's happened. So again it's a little bit of an estimate. Generally speaking as we see it the portfolio has had higher wage growth by our residents and certainly the best way to look at it is that affordability statistic compared to our rent continues to be pretty well. There's room we think to raise rents the old-fashioned way because of the wage growth and just the fact that in our segment are more affluent renter segments there's room to raise rents because the rent income ratio is not terribly high.
Mark Parrell: No I mean there's macro implications and Bob may supplement my answer but there's sort of big and small implications. I mean what the tax cuts did is actually give our residents on average more cash and I think you're asking a more technical question, Bob is going to answer it more general way initially. It gave our residents more cash because they weren't taking, they were now able to take a larger standard deduction. So for us it's generally been okay. A negative in our markets could be that some of these jurisdictions were in our relatively high state local tax jurisdictions and if those taxes aren't deductible is it harder for those jurisdictions to raise capital to renovate subways in places like New York and DC and things of that nature. In terms of the technical aspects again Bob and I can go back and forth a little bit with you but generally speaking they have not been terribly meaningful to us. We appreciate the work the industry association did on the pass through stuff. There's some technical depreciation things that still need to be resolved but there's nothing that we're watching with a great deal of concern at this juncture.
Mark Parrell: Well, our tax person will be so excited to talk to you about. So certainly we can do depreciation studies if we needed to lower our taxable income and that's why people do these sorts of studies and we've done it before. So you can reclassify some things into a faster depreciable class. What's possible we could do that we're aware that that exists we don't need to do that right now. So it's fine to sit where it is and if we need to do that study we will.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Well people thought that in California and we want a resounding victory the industry did through I think a good educational campaign. Once people understand that this is not a productive way to solve a problem you tend to get a better reaction from voters. I mean Cambridge had rent control for a long time and it worked very badly and in fact there's academic studies about it and that was one of the reasons they got rid of it some years ago. I realized memories are short, the industry does need to stay very engaged. You can expect we will be. We have very senior guy in Boston who is involved with the Boston Apartment Association and the different functions groups in Boston that are involved on the industry's behalf and we will continue to have that conversation. But again, I think enlisting private industry and creating more workforce and affordable housing is the way to solve a problem. I think a lot of the things you mentioned certainly are negative and it's our job to have a conversation about those and they're not just negative for us we think they're just negative in general. I think they're not going to provide more affordable housing. I think they're going to do the opposite over time.
Mark Parrell: Well, we thank you all for your time today for sticking with us and what was a pretty long call and we'll see many of you on the conference circuit over the next few months. Thank you very much.
Bob Garechana: Yes, thank you. All we do with our guidance is give you the number that's in our estimate. So, it doesn't mean that will actually end up because we don’t know exactly what we're going to buy and sell during the year. At this point we do have somewhat of an accretive trade going on but there are other assets we've identified for sale that would be higher cap rate assets. So, I could tell you there is almost equal probability that we could be 50 basis points accretive as 50 basis points dilutive. Mean, it's just a pretty small margin in between. And in terms of the impact on this year's numbers which I don’t think was exactly what you asked, it's really minimal. Because it's really about the timing of these trades and because we're buying relatively early or going to be slightly accretive, my guess is in 2019 almost no matter what.
Bob Garechana: Yes. So, I'll take real quick the revenue recognition is not waiving on late fee. So, we recognize the late fee one due. So, we recognize that through revenues almost like on a cash basis. Obviously, we didn’t collect it, we would not recommend it.
Bob Garechana: Yes. We have, there are family members are kind of workers that were for loading, they know they're getting the money and they bid all that but that just between that readings the paper, I expect you'll get the money and then we'll get the rent.
Bob Garechana: Yes. It's a real quick on the timing. So the two components of that that are either maturing or pre-payable at par are kind of midyear, end of the day one of them is unsecured bond that's floating, swap to floating. And another one is that I think secured debt deal that I mentioned its pre-payable at par. So that's kind of midyear so I think from a modeling standpoint mid-ish year is probably pretty close. We obviously could be opportunistic if the market presented opportunity to go a little bit earlier and take them off the line, etcetera. But overall that's the timing plan. From a pricing perspective, I would say and this probably applies for secured and unsecured low levered secured for borrowers like us because as I mentioned in my comments the threads are pretty tight to each other. I would say we are probably a little bit under 4 overall. So sitting here, call it 275 treasury here and that kind of 115 area for either one.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, I think that the one way to just start thinking about this is there's four core markets that are driving 18% to 20% of our revenue which would be kind of D.C., in New York, San Francisco and L.A. so, obviously those are big focal points because if any one of those markets kind of either out performs or under performs that have more weight into the overall company. I guess, I'm just going to tell you sitting here today. I think we're up to a great start, right. You got Boston, San Francisco and New York but we feel we got good momentum and with just left towards kind of the outperform state but again we're very early in. I think on the downside we're going to watching D.C. and L.A. just for any signs of softening and the absorption of this supply which could impact our projections. But as of right now, we're not seeing anything to suggest if that's occurring.
Michael Manelis: I think that's a great question and that's something obviously that we're going to be looking at. I think I even said that on the last quarter which is yes it's a little bit different than Long Island City because Oakland does have areas to go to today. So, it's a little bit more established than Long Island City. It's something that we've got to watch, I think in the next probably several weeks we're going to have one of the first deals, bigger deals, 420 units start to the free leasing's but just going to be interesting to see kind of that price relationship to San Francisco. My guess is it will come out of the box somewhere 15% to 20% discounted in rents but we'll see. And then we just got to watch their ability to absorb what happens with them to see if they do start to drop from San Francisco.
Michael Manelis: No, I would say and I went through each kind of market as to what those overall assumptions were, but I would say clearly in New York probably stands out where we have significant improvement in the new lease change assumptions. So the rest of the markets I would say are pretty close, Boston where you have pricing power existing is going to generate improvement in new lease change as well. And I think as we get closer in the March we will have an investor presentation deck, you get to see a little bit of those assumptions as kind of a layout by quarter as well. But I really point to the markets where I talk about kind of having some pricing power momentum. Those are the ones that our expectations are kind of geared towards improvement in new lease change and the rest is probably just holding the line on the occupancy and renewal.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So for 19 the guidance there's a page in the very back. The biggest issue and we noted on the disclosure or the biggest item is the write off, or anticipated write off of an unamortized discount on a tax-exempt bond that we would expect to incur in conjunction to a plan disposition that Mark may have alluded to in his comment.
Michael Manelis: Yes, I'll take this real quick and I'm sure Mark can take you back on it as well. So we're familiar with the same kind of media reports that you guys have seen and it's been all over the page right in terms of -- as of late most recently it's in the privatization kind of rumors. What I'll say kind of more specifically and I think answering your question on 19 is at the moment we see no disruption to the GSE and it's the kind of the operating business as usual. They had very large production volumes in 2018 prior to the change of the regulator whose term expired at the end of 2018. They put out their caps which were very similar to what they were previously. So for 19 we wouldn't expect anything to kind of impact our position or their kind of operations overall. I guess what I would say kind of longer-term is who knows right, I think the bigger issue that will drive kind of GST reform is both political but also probably single-family financing in this country and so it is unclear. From a specific standpoint I'd say for us we would certainly be less impacted or less negatively impacted by GST reform I would say for two reasons. The first as it relates to funding ourselves. We have very strong access to capital as I alluded to in my comment particularly strong relative to the private market which is very reliant on the GSTs whether it's for stabilized assets or for refinancing their construction loans I mean every bank in the country basically when doing a construction loan underwrite to take out to the GSTs. So we benefit kind of from a direct standpoint of having all this access. The other thing I would say is our portfolio on the secured debt front it's very attractive to other secured lender types as well so we don't have a lot of the large-scale suburban kind of stuff that is probably more the core GSP product today than what we might have had ten years ago.
Michael Manelis: Yes, I think I guess I can bring up that obviously from an automation standpoint we're about to introduce pilots to kind of go after mobility on the maintenance side of our business. I don't know if that that's really not a head counting that's more around utilization. So it's allowing us to maybe get some more stuff done in-house and have less dependency on contractors but it I think you are right some of these minimum wage increases and they're not done in 19 they're going to continue going and that is going to continue to keep pressure on any of the contract labor services that we utilize. So I think we're taking a hard look at all that trying to make sure that we've optimized, trying to make sure that the staff is as utilized as possible. So I think there will be things that come out of the learning from 19 that will get folded into 2020 but I don't think we're in a position to really impact the 2019 with any of these types of initiatives yet.
Michael Manelis: Yes, this is Michael. I guess I would say from a range perspective we have equal upside and downside in almost every one of our markets relative to our midpoint. I think as I alluded to earlier in one of the question, the markets that have the elevated supply so we will be – DC and LA and they're driving 18% of our revenue, other markets where the range could be tested both on the upping and the downside. So it's the markets where we need to watch the absorption of the elevated supply and we need to balance kind of the pricing power that we have in place. Right now like I said earlier the dashboards are all green we've got good pricing power in those markets. So sitting here today I would say we have minimal on the downside risk. But I think the way to think about it is the markets that are contributing the majority of the revenue growth and where is their elevated supply and that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Michael Manelis: And it really hasn't moved much either on a trailing 12-month, we're at 19.3% and our ranges in our market go from 17.5% to 23% with Washington, Seattle and New York kind of being the lowest and like that 17.5% to 18% ratio and Southern Cal averages at the highest at 21.3%.
Michael Manelis: No. There's nothing embedded in our guidance either in New York or DC regarding those expansions. I think our view right now it's a positive psychological impact. It reinforces like Mark said in his opening remarks as to why we're in those markets to begin with and I think it's, like I said it's too early to kind of see any economic impact from that.
