David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Clearly 2016 will not turn out to be the year we had originally expected due to deteriorating market conditions in San Francisco and New York City, which combined made up 50% of our initial growth forecast for the year. As David Santee will address in greater detail in just a moment. At the time of our first quarter earnings call nearly all indicators suggested that while the top end of our original expectations was off the table another year of solid up with 4% growth in same-store revenue was most likely. As strong demand continued to absorb new supply with little impact to existing inventory. The month of May however brought sudden and material changes to the fundamental picture particularly San Francisco and a 50 basis point reduction in the Company’s expected revenue growth for the year. Last 60 days fundamentals have continued to weaken in this markets causing us to yet again reduce our expectations for full year of revenue growth, in which for the first time in many years we now expected to have a free handle. And as a result after five years of extraordinarily strong fundamentals revenue growth this year will not be more in line with historical trends. Like many of the participants on today’s call, we too would prefer revenue growth with a four, or even at a five handle but markets do reset from time to time either due to new supply or changes in the demand side of equation. Unfortunately, the present time we’re experiencing both factors in two of our most important markets. The weakness we’re experiencing in San Francisco, New York City is driving reductions in our revenue growth expectations for the year. So with that said I’ll let David Santee go in to more detail about what’s occurred over the last 60 to 90 days, how it’s impacted us during the primary leasing season and our expected results for the year.
David Neithercut: Okay. Thank you, David. As noted in last night’s earnings release, we’ve also made some changes toward expected transaction activity for the year. Dispositions have now been reduced to $6.9 billion down from $7.4 billion. This $500 million reduction has resulted three factors. First, about a $150 million of the non-Boston [indiscernible] assets that are in various stages of the disposition process. We’ll not likely close this year, will carry over into the first quarter of 2017. Second, the original disposition guidance included a $200 million portfolio of assets we have decided to hold for the present time as we see continued upside in both operations and valuations there and think that sale at this time would be premature. And lastly, as noted in last night’s release, we did not acquire any assets in the second quarter and reduced our acquisitions expectations for the year by $150 million. Since any incremental acquisitions will be funded by sales proceeds we’ve reduced dispositions by a similar amount. During the second quarter we did sell three non-core assets for $112.5 million at 5.7% disposition yield and a 9.3% unleveraged IRR. In addition to selling these assets in Arizona, Massachusetts and Connecticut, last quarter we also sold our entire interest in the military housing at Joint Base Lewis McChord in Tacoma, Washington, in realizing a gain of $52.4 million. Now we’ve been involved with Lewis McChord since 2002 during which time we renovated over 2200 homes and built more than 800 new homes for men and women who called the McChord Joint Base Home while serving our country. We’re very proud of our work at Lewis McChord last 14 years and it was really our honor and privilege to be involved there. With regard to our development business we commenced construction of the one small development project in the second quarter in Washington D.C., we’re billing 222 units or $88 million or $396,000 a unit. At an expected yield on cost at today’s rents in the mid 5s. The deal was in the NoMa market and will be delivered in late 2018 and is expected to stabilize in late 2019. We’re also currently working on two small projects totaling $90 million that could start construction yet this year, with a weighted average cost on at today’s rents in the mid to high 5s. During the second quarter, we also completed construction in our lease-up of three new development deals all in the San Francisco market, two Downtown and one in North San Jose. These assets are leasing extremely well and are experiencing monthly absorption rates in excess of original expectations. From a pricing standpoint like our same-store portfolio we’re not achieving the rents we’d hoped at the beginning of the year, but the rents we are achieving are well in access of those underwritten at the time these sites were acquired and constructions commenced. And as a result these assets will provide stabilized yields from the high 5s to high 7s, which are well in excess of our original expectations. I’ll turn the call now over to Mark Parrell.
David Neithercut: Let me just add one thing there Michael, just general serve the philosophy we have with respect to this. Our intent every time is to give our investors our best guess as to how we see our business performing going forward. Not 90% of that best guess or 80% percent of that best guess, or 75% of the best guess but rather our best guess based upon the tools we have at our disposal, bills we have on the ground and the judgment of people who have been doing this for a awful long time. It's not intended to give you the range of all possible outcomes, but those outcomes that we think are most probable based upon the tools that we have in the judgment that we use. And as David said, these markets have turned to become quite volatile, it's become far more difficult to do that, but each step of the way we try and give you our best guess and again, whereas David said, we are as disappointed as anyone about where we are relative to where we ended up but, we believe we have an obligation to be as transparent with the Street as we can. And to give them our absolute best guess, not build in all sorts of cushion but to tell out like we see it. And we think we have done that every step of the way and it is just difficult to do so when things are moving and moving very quickly in markets that were budgeted to deliver 50% of our growth.
David Neithercut: Well. I think they might be priced for superior total return over extended time period. And I just simply the NOI growth in the short-term. I'd say the assets in these markets continue to trade at very low cap rate stage with three handles. In some instances even through a three handle there continues to be perhaps not as much demand, but certainly sufficient demand for these hard assets that in these Gateway cities that we've not seen any change in value at least for the present time. Now there may be because there might be fewer tours and potentially fewer buyers, maybe did ask spreads widening in certain instances, but the transaction that we are seeing getting done in the market in which we operate that continues to support the valuations that we've been talking about. Just with respect to strategy, I think we've gone in with our eyes wide open that by operating in fewer markets were likely to have more volatility. But again, we think these are the markets that are going to create jobs and these are the markets where people are going to want to live, work and play and they’ll perform best over the long-term. As David noted, we've had 10% compounded annual growth rate in San Francisco over the past five years. If it was flat jobs – flat revenue growth for the next five, over 10 years it would still be 4.5 which is very, very strong revenue growth. So we remain very committed to the markets we are in. We think that again these are the place where the economy going forward will drive and that we’ll see better overall risk adjusted total returns in these markets. We've seen construction costs continue to go up in these markets and replacement costs going up. But I guess I'd also say that in these markets, while there is elevated or more supply than we’ve seen in the past as a percentage of existing inventory, these are troubling amounts of new supply and in a historical context, unprecedented levels of new supply. So it's more than we’ve seen, it's disrupting us somewhat but a governance by just our lease ups particularly in San Francisco that you’ve gone extraordinarily well, demand is there. And we couldn't be happy with the product we’re delivering and will outperform our original expectations and we think we are in the right place for a long-term perspective.
David Neithercut: I guess we’re selling almost $7 billion of product of this year and returning a significant amount of that back to our shareholders in the leverage neutral basis. So I'm not sure there's anybody who's done more this year than we have in that regard. But I guess as I've said, too many of our investors that [indiscernible] and have said repeatedly, I mean everything is on the table. We are up-to-date painfully aware of where the stock price trades relative to those values. And we'll pursue and consider everything. I’d just would reiterate what I think I've said on our last call and certainly as evidenced by the gains that we’ve realized on those assets that we've sold as part of this larger process. We've got significant gains in almost everything we’ve owned. I think we’ve been very good capital allocators and we made a lot of money. And as a result of that, by the time after one looks at the gains of assets and run those things on the balance sheet repo basis, if things went off on a lot of asset sales to have any real impact on stock buybacks. So it's just been more challenging than what I think many investors might think. But everything is always on the table and will look at everything between now and the end of the year.
David Neithercut: I just have you and I’ve already mentioned this Nick. Everything is always on the table. We consider these things and will be very thoughtful about what it is, what our options are to deal with the disconnect between the stock price and to NAV. But again as I served in response to some are the brighter questions, it's challenging with the gains that we had that we realized and having been pretty good capital allocators over the past dozen years to be able to really move the meter in a huge way. But there's no timing thing, it's just something that we we'll consider and we can be believes on the table all the time. 
David Neithercut: But I'd say beyond that Alex our expectations as for deliveries to come down are being built to yields that we are seeing markets today are extremely low. And we certainly understand that the lending community is becoming much more conservative with respect to advance rates and who they’re willing to sponsor. And I hear more and more – transaction team is seeing more and more inquiries about capital needs for developers who might have land tied up to complete the capital stack et cetera. So our expectation is just given to where our built to yields are today and what we understanding and we are seeing what’s happening in the construction loan market are – we will expect the deliveries to come down from new 16% and 17% levels.
David Neithercut: Different in pricing? No, I think that, I think that there is sufficient price discovery in these markets that whether it’s an outright sale or a joint venture type transaction, I think similar pricing can be achieved.
David Neithercut: Well I guess I would say, a large portion of the increase in the physical turnover is a direct result of more people relocating in the same property for a variety of reasons. They either need more space, less space, lost a roommate – so in those cases, I mean, the frictional cost are you know, roughly $234 to clean, paint and shampoo an apartment. And you’re not – you’re not giving up any vacancy costs for that portion of your physical move out so to speak. So you know, like anything – the largest cost of turnover is vacancy. And when you net out the turnover, you know, it’s not really that material. We have seen an elevated
David Neithercut: Well it is not just cap rates, it is results and valuations too, right – ultimate valuations. I mean one of the things we done as we’ve seen this new supply coming is to reduce our own construction upstarts. Well we are delivering a lot of product now but we’ve got very little of anything kind of behind that. And it is very possible that we might see and I’ll use the term loosely, opportunities to acquire assets in these markets. We think valuations are pretty solid. Depending on what happens to interest rates and global interest rates and demand for yield. We know where cap rates might go on extremely good quality, well located assets in the kind gateway cities that we’re in. One reason we reduced our development business is because where we saw yields going and we saw new supply and we thought it may be a better deal for us to maybe buy completed assets rather than build our own just given the amount of supply that was coming. But it remains to be seen where cap rates certain and where values are headed.
David Neithercut: Thank you. Thank you all for your time today. I hope you all have great remaining part of the summer and we look forward to seeing many of you in September.
Mark Parrell: Thank you, David. Today, I’ll be giving some color behind our same-store expense guidance and the change to our normalized FFO guidance. I’ll then discuss how the change to our normalized FFO guidance impacted the remaining special dividend payment and our debt issuance guidance. In all these cases I’m comparing the guidance numbers we gave you in late April 2016 as part of our first quarter earnings call to the revised guidance that we provided last night. As you might recall the June 1 press release only revised our same-store revenue and NOI ranges. So moving onto the same-store expense side, we have left our annual same-store expense range at an increase of 2.5% to 3% and this is not withstanding the fact that same-store expenses year-to-date have only grown by 0.9%. This implies so we expect second half same-store expenses to grow at a considerably higher rate of about 4.6%. As usual our big three expense categories of real estate taxes, utilities, and payroll will drive these numbers.  We now expect property taxes to increase at a rate of about 6% versus our previous expectation in our year-to-date number of 5.5%. This increase is due to a recent adverse legal decision regarding the calculation of property taxes, with several of our properties in New Jersey City. We also previously forecast payroll growth up 2.5% to 3% and we still believe that forecast to be accurate. Year-to-date payroll has only increased 0.3%, so we see most of the expected increase in payroll as backend loaded.  For the year, we expect utilities expense to decline by approximately 3%, year-to-date utilities expenses down 8.1%. Mostly expected growth in the second half on the utility side is due to our expectation of somewhat higher commodity prices later in this year as compared to the historically low commodity prices we have in the third and fourth quarters of 2015. Moving onto normalized FFO, the reduction in the same-store NOI from a midpoint back in April of 5.5% to a midpoint now of 4%, causes a normalized FFO reduction of about $23 million or about $0.06 per share. Going the other way an increase in our normalized FFO estimate we now expect an additional $4 million in NOI or about $0.01 per share for the positive due to the reduction in dispositions combined with these asset sales being pushed back further into the year.  David Neithercut previously discussed the reasons for this reduction in our disposition activity. Our reduction in acquisition guidance from $600 million to $350 million and disposition guidance from $7.4 billion to $6.9 billion has only had a very modest impact on the amount of taxable gain that we only incur in 2016 and need the special dividend. This is because the specific assets that we removed from our disposition guidance just specifically at relatively little tax gain and because we have already paid with the $8 per share March 2016 special dividend, the preponderance of the tax gain that we will incur in 2016. We therefore left our guidance for the annual special dividend in the range of $2 to $4 per share with the thought that the ultimate amount that we will pay is likely to be at or slightly lower than that midpoint. Our guidance assumes that this payment will be made in the fourth quarter of 2016. All dividend payments are subject still to the approval of our Board of Trustee. Moving on to the debt side, because our next disposition activity is about $250 million lower than we expected back in April our projected line balance at December 31, 2016 is anticipated to now be about $430 million versus the $130 million we previously estimated. For now we have left our debt issuance guidance at about $225 million. But if our disposition process goes as expected we may do a larger offering than is now included in our guidance in either the secured or unsecured markets later in 2016. And I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for the question-and-answer session period.
Mark Parrell: So we have some land sale gains, but we really have their as Fort Lewis. And then the third quarter that $0.07 is going to be some land sale gains.
Mark Parrell: Hey Tayo, it’s Mark Parrell. Absolutely rightful question, the issue there is that we sort of started from a point that's higher than our midpoint. So when we talk back in February about our guidance we put out a wider, you might recall Normalized FFO range than usually a $0.20 range. We told we had more variability in our numbers because we had all of disposition activity and we didn't know when it would occur and obviously the later it occurred, the higher FFO would be in the earlier more we de-risk the special dividend. But we really didn't have all of that and certainty, we also did know when we would paying special. What debt we pay off. There's just a lot of moving pieces. So when we put our range together, and we spoke to you in February, we spoke to you in April, we saw on our range a way in which we could get modestly above the midpoint of our range and into the upper half of our old range. If we sold our assets relatively slowly. And so we gave ourselves a little flexibility. As our operating conditions deteriorated as we became more certain about what debt we are paying off, when we're going pay the specials and what assets are going to be sold, that what caused the whole thing to gravitate down. So the map is actually like $0.06 down on same-store, $0.01 up on transaction. But I’m starting from a higher point in the 310 you are.
Mark Parrell: I think it will be slightly positive the whole way through. You probably would see it and it wouldn’t be unexpected to see declines in the fourth quarter than the first just as you sort of see the normal seasonal pattern. But you're talking about this year. I guess at this point we don't see that.
Mark Parrell: Well, I think I’m not sure, by affordably you just mean lesser Christ more workforces by pricing or you actually mean product that has requirements to meet certain income restriction or requirements of residents? I will tell you that we – as David Santee already said, we do operate in A product quality, we operate in B product quality across our portfolio and we do have various price points across every market and some market in which we operate.
Mark Parrell: For as our expectations in underwriting goes $11,000 or so per door that we put into kitchen and bath rehabs, we’re getting solid double-digit returns. I mean our returns on that – in that expenditure. And should we fail to get that reasonable sort of spread in to an un-rehabed, we have the ability to stop the program. So we do monitor that closely. Consistently looking at the returns we’re getting on rehab units and if for whatever reason at any time, if were not getting those premium we can stop that program on a dime.
Mark Parrell: No. I mean where doing it in any property and any market that we believe can get that sale appropriate mid-teen return.
David Santee: Well. I guess I would say that our process is very collaborative. These decisions are not made in a vacuum. There is probably six of us that run our models from different perspectives, but at the end of the day, we all kind of lined up in the same place. I think a lot of the volatility has been very quick and at very in opportune times. One of the things that makes it very difficult to forecast is when we look at the precipitous drop and new lease rents in San Francisco. And look, we’ve had Boston, DC, all of these other markets have delivered outsized supply, but have relatively strong occupancy. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we were prepared for rents to go down. When you look at the new lease ups, if the new lease ups are giving one month free basically you can move into a brand new building at 2015 rent. If new a lease up is giving two months free, you could move into a brand new building at 2014 rent. I think to some extent, we are a victim of our own success on the renewal side. When you look at San Francisco 35% of our expirations are almost 5% above current street rents and with volatility ranging from plus 2% to as much as down 10% at certain properties in San Francisco it really comes down to who moves out and at what property do they move out of. I mean at with rents down 10% a person could be 6% above current market rents, a 16% decline on $4,000 month rent and at times a couple 100, couple 300, each month for a couple of months winds down your revenue stream pretty quickly. So I hope that gives you a little more granular explanation of why it is very difficult to predict –the rate of decline that we can expect especially in the peak season where you have 15% of your leases expiring in June, July and August, each month. So extreme volatility, with the highest number of transactions in the year, with job growth really coming to a halt at the high end of the market, is just making it very difficult to forecast forward. New York is kind of in the same boat 45% of our expirations.
David Santee: Well. I guess I would say that our processes that we have in place especially at the top level, the company level, certainly worked with a lot of big numbers. Certainly I don't think with fixed markets today, that you would expect us to give or see us give guidance in October. I think that some of the – I mean basically I think that we were overly optimistic about San Francisco. And really just kind of mirrored at some point in time judgment has to come into play. But what's different also about California, is that California is a 30-day market. All of our other markets are 60-day market so you have a longer runway to see, who is giving notice. You have longer runway to react to pricing and what have you. And so this is, the San Francisco in the 30-day market with these dramatic changes within 30-days and is just very hard to forecast and very hard to react as quickly to adjust.
David Santee: Well, when you – if you want to talk, markets and submarket, I think if you look at San Francisco, we’ve delivered a 9.9% CAGR over the last four or five years. I think if you look back over the last five years, I think all but one we had the highest revenue growth especially in San Francisco. You know, we – after every quarter, we kind of take our portfolio – because a lot of this is just about location, location, location, location. One of our competitors in Boston, they have fewer properties. We have many properties. We go through an exercise where we take our properties that are in, the two or three properties that are in the suburbs and the other two or three properties that are up North, and we look at our – we create a similar portfolio to our competitors. And I would say that, every time we are very comfortable with our performance when we create similar portfolios to our competitors.
David Santee: Yes. That is fair. And I would add a comment. In the case of San Francisco, I don't think it's, you know any surprise or secret, that some of our competitors, have agreed or self-imposed renewal limits. Where we have not done that. That is also been a key driver of our leading the market in San Francisco for the last four, five years. But at the same time, when you reach an inflection point and the market comes down very quickly, we're going to come down just as quick and we’re going to come down much harder than our competitors. So, again, I – we will go through this exercise again after everyone reports. And we will matchup our head to head properties with theirs. And like previous years, I expect that our execution will prove to be very good.
David Santee: Well, this is David Santee. Someone asked me could New York, be negative? It’s certainly possible. I mean we are focused more on this year. We certainly have as I noted in my comments, we are already seeing a lot of the marketing employees in New York, one private company is offering a $1,000 gift card on any rental. So we are just kind of playing off there at knowing that we were kind of forced to use can set upfront concessions in Q1 in New York. Knowing that the level of supply that's still in Lisa, knowing what's coming next year – we have built-in what we think are necessary levels of concessions or commissions or what have you to get us through the end of the year.
David Santee: Yes, we really haven't seen a lot of the marketing items or move-in concessions, for that matter are in the legacy portfolio. I mean the only concessions that we have seen thus far, are on the new lease ups. And I think people are rushing to get these buildings filled. Whether it's because they have occupancy requirements by their lender or a variety of other reasons. But we really haven't seen anything out of the ordinary other than rapidly declining new lease rents and less demand on the older type property.
David Santee: Absolutely. I mean if you look at the data, first it was, DC funding. Then your tech jobs, the high-paying tech jobs peaked in Q1 of 2016. I just read the other day, DC spending was down another 20% in Q2. So certainly, the tech jobs are not growing at the pace that they were last year. If they are growing at all. But at the same time folks that lived in a 30-year-old, two-story walk-up paying you know, $3,000 for a one bedroom, can move uptown into a brand-new, highly amenitized, glass tower with gorgeous views of the San Francisco Bay for about the same money. So the people that can afford it are moving into the better properties, but then there's less demand for the older properties as a result the further you get down the peninsula as a result of a lower job growth in the tech sector.
David Santee: Well, and that's a great question. Because over the last, six, seven years we've kind of always said, once you get to August or September that your year is really baked. And if we look back, the last six or seven years, all of the markets really had the same momentum, I mean all of the markets went down in the great recession. And then all of the markets kind of came up together. During those years, you really had virtually no new supply to speak of. So it was very easy to forecast just based on momentum. Certainly when you get to August, the rate portion that drives revenue growth in the current year is baked. I mean, those there's just not enough transactions remaining in the year to meaningfully impact the full year revenue. But what can meaningfully change your revenue September, October, November, December is certainly occupancy and more importantly concessions. Because as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, if we give a full month concession, that's an 8% discount that we take a full charge on in that month. So if concessions – upfront concessions really ramp up, which we are not a fan of where we tried to be a net effective rent shop. Then that will seriously impact your revenue stream, in that month and for the next that couple of months.
David Santee: Overall occupancy today, I think is 95.9. And some of these markets like Boston is a little lower because Boston is a heavy student oriented market. But occupancies and SoCal are great, probably a little bit better than we expected. Washington DC's occupancy is right where we thought it would be. Seattle is doing great and accelerating. So again physical occupancy is not necessarily the driver of revenue. A dollar – assuming, occupancy is worth $1, occupancy in San Francisco is worth $1.50, right? Versus a point of occupancy in Inland Empire might be worth $0.75. Physical occupancy does not necessarily translate into economic occupancy.
David Santee: Well. I've always said its kind of location. I mean yes, we own A assets. We own B assets, the B assets and D, C are you doing the same as A assets. We don't see any difference. I mean if you look at our portfolio in San Francisco o or New York, you run the gamut of A's and B's and they are performing differently depending upon where are the new supply as on the demand for that product in the location that they sell. 
David Santee: Yes. It's really negligible. So bought homes move out to buy homes this year is actually year-to-date, is down 20 basis points, of that 12.1% of move out. 
David Santee: I think what – well, first of all, we are now kind of combining the upper Westside with Midtown West when we talk about new supply. So Midtown West, and upper Westside are going to be delivering probably 2,400 units Next year, which relative to the overall supply is what 15%. I think the concern is that we do have some very large deliveries that occurred early in the year in the upper Westside, 1,100 unit property that is still only 50% leased. That’s going to start running into renewals before they are least up. While at the same time adding a little more supply will kind of compound the rate challenges that we see in Midtown West and the upper Westside. But the upper Westside, specifically as a neighborhood is only expected to deliver 2,000 – I'm sorry 214 units into 17. 
David Santee: I want to correct that. The $0.14 to the last two columns is Fort Lewis. To the right the $0.07 you referenced are the land sale gain. 
David Santee: That are projected. Sales haven’t all occurred. They may not. But that’s what we would expect based on what we have under contract now. 
David Santee: Well, for New York I guess its kind of a good news, bad news. I mean there is still not a 421 A program in place. So nothing is being really considered today. But we're looking at roughly 14,000 units [indiscernible] in New York for 2017, and I believe another 14,000 again in 2018.
David Santee: Yes, I mean San Francisco is going to deliver 7,000 units next year. Next year is going to be a very similar delivery cycle as we saw this year. Let's see – Washington, D.C., 10,000 this year, 9,000 in 2017; Seattle, 70 to 80 this year, about 7,000 next year; Los Angeles, 9,000 this year, 8,800 next year; Orange County, 3,900 this year, 5,400 next year; then San Diego, 1,600 this year, 2,700 next year. But I think it's important to note that as an example Orange County, a lot of the deliveries that are occurring this year are in North Orange, Anaheim, where we have no product versus last year all of the deliveries were centered in Irvine, where the bulk of our properties sit and we were greatly impacted. So we're seeing great results in Orange County as the result of the supply – the new deliveries being in a totally different submarket and far away from our existing portfolio.
David Santee: Yes, I think that's right. But again as we look at what these unit counts are as a percentage of the additional stock, these are again not unquestionable levels. We believe our levels might put these markets for some period of time more in equilibrium after they have been [indiscernible] equilibrium over the past half a dozen years.
David Santee: I would say that I know there are some people that are giving modest concessions. But it’s – they are not widespread. I mean, the – all of the new developments for the most part are giving kind of at a minimum one if not two months free on every lease. But we have – we have not seen widespread upfront move-in concessions across, you know, existing product in San Francisco.
David Santee: Let me just use Boston as an example. So we know that, you know 2016 as an example we’re delivering 2,300 units in Boston. The good news is, is that a lot of those units are now in the suburbs. And I think on our last call we said that we have, you know this 12 to 18 month window where, you know 2017 deliveries kind of moved back into the urban core, the Seaport, what have you – so that’s why were seeing better revenue growth in Boston. You know, even though we delivered 5,000 units in 2015 in the urban core. We were still able to hold occupancy at 96%, new lease rents were flat. And we were still able to get renewal increases. And you know, that’s kind of the – what we’ve experienced, you know over the years is that, you know, even though these you know, the markets that were in today, you can still deliver product, hold the occupancy, but feel the rate pressure.  And then when – the new deliveries move away from you, you start to get pricing power back. And I think, you know, that’s – I think were just kind of in the middle or the beginning stages of getting to that – that point in San Francisco and New York. You know, but again, it’s kind of the mix of jobs and where the deliveries are. So you mentioned Seattle, I mean Seattle is delivering –I think they delivered 6,000 units – 5,000 units last year. So we have to get deliveries in 2014, the occupancy continues to hold, we’ve continued to be able to push rents. You know we expected in Seattle that we would see, pricing pressure in Belltown, central business district, Capitol Hill but now we’re seeing, revenue actually accelerate in those markets as we begin to absorb. So it’s just the combination of jobs, level of absorption, and the relative location of the new supply.
David Santee: Look, right. And I think we’ve said to previously, that you know, all these markets are generally on track. They are either you know, a tick below or a tick above. But there’s nothing material in these other markets that would cause us to be you know overly optimistic or overly pessimistic. They are what they are. They are right on track and we’ve kind of left them there for the rest of the year.
David Santee: We’re not forecasting any concessions in the back half. I guess what I would say is that we, we’ve accounted in San Francisco, we’ve accounted for that with 100 basis point spread in occupancy. So if occupancy comes down far enough, then we would – or if we see occupancy going in the wrong direction, we would use concessions to boost occupancy up. And that higher occupancy kind of would offset any concessions that we would – that we would need to offer. But we’ve really just factored the net effective new lease pricing for the balance of the year in San Francisco.
David Santee: Actually we said nothing close to lease up in development long. Our absorption and our transactions in San Francisco have exceeded our expectations and we have significantly moved up the stabilization [indiscernible] because our absorption there was almost doubled what our real expectations were. And we were looking at 20 or so a month and we have been doing almost 26 a month. No one thought that would necessarily continue which is why it took us so long to change that stabilization date. But were moving right along there and I’ll tell you that we been doing that with concessions of two weeks to one month. And again at rent stand above our pro forma expectations but maybe modestly below what we might have hope we would do at the beginning of this year. So the absorption of our San Francisco transactions have been strong and the lease rates have – exceeded our regional expectations and so the deals were stabilized at yields ahead of what we had originally underwritten.
David Santee: Well because we’re delivering 18 and stabilize in 19. And we’re seeing improvements in the market. That product has been absorbed. David talked about it maybe modestly performing better above we had hoped. And we think, you know, who knows what 18 and 19 will bring? But we think there’s not a lot starting now and that will be a fine time in that marketplace to deliver new product.
David Santee: Yes. So I’ll just kind of go major submarket in San Francisco. And talk about kind of where rents are today relative to same week last year. We have Berkeley, which is more student driven, it was only down 0.5%. Obviously San Francisco, proper is down 5.4%, which is actually bolstered by one property when you look at Geary Courtyard, SoMa, those are kind of ground zero where the new deliveries are. Those are down 11.5%, 8% on rents. East Bay is still flat. East Bay continues to hold up relatively well. The Peninsula, we have some new deliveries there that are more attractive to Millennials. Those rents are down about 5% and then South Bay, which is really put a lot of new deliveries behind it, is down 2%.
David Santee: Yes, I think – what David had commented earlier, we’ve got the ability people to sort of move from older products – the first wave of new supply that’s been delivered in San Francisco in years. And people have the ability to move across into newer product, that you know if not modestly more around the same they were paying for lesser quality products. So we just sort of seeing – our tenant base have had more options than we been seeing them move to our properties from elsewhere in the area.
David Santee: Do know the answer to that question David? We’d certainly would have that but in the system but we don’t have that at our fingertips.
David Santee: Yes. Boston 2.8%, New York, we said 1.5%, Washington D.C 1.2%, Seattle 6.1%, Orange County 5.8%, San Diego 5.7%.
David Santee: Okay, lease-over-lease renewal pricing for Q2 was 5.9%. Lease-over-lease on new move-ins was 1.5% and then combined, was 3.7%.
David Santee: Yes, I would have to give you ranges. But you know I see renewals moderating down to call it, four to five. And then new lease – new move-ins, I mean obviously new move-ins, because of the seasonality they just automatically compress. So as an example, Q1 of 2015, we did 40 basis points. So I would imagine in Q4 of 2015, we did minus 40 basis points. So it’s just the natural cycle, I would expect them to fall off the balance of the year. To what degree is really just a function of, again going back to that who moved, which resident moves out and at what property.
David Santee: Let me answer your question this way. San Francisco, in July, we achieved an 8%. We are issuing new renewals kind of in the October range at a 5.8%. So we issued in July 11.1%. In October we are issuing a 5.8% if that kind of gives you what you need.
David Santee: Well I guess what I would say is that, obviously, we are at a juncture where we need to, it’s in our best interest to retain every resident possible. Because we have a 40% chance that we could take a 15% drop on the new rent, every time one of those residents move out. So we’re consciously being conservative on our issuance of renewal increases from this point forward. So hopefully, I mean the spread has gone from the typical 180 up to 350, 400 basis points. Hopefully, as we issue more market friendly renewal increases, that the spreads will compress back down to 180 if not lower.
David Santee: Well, we haven’t made any decision about that, Nick. My guess is the experience we’ve had this past year, I’m sure most people here would not like to do that. Just given the volatility. If we feel like we could give a number that we believe is valid and helpful, we’ll certainly consider it. But I think with this, given the level of volatility we’re seeing, we’re not sure that would be in anyone’s best interest at the present time but no decision has been made.
