David Neithercut: Well again as I noted Dave we just talked to a handful of players that we thought demonstrate the ability to do a deal of this magnitude as well as the ability to move quickly on a deal of this magnitude and after a short period of time we decided to move forward with Starwood.
David Neithercut: Well I don’t speak for Sam but I think that in my opening remarks I think pretty much described what the process does and in my conversations for Sam on the matter. It was -- we achieved a couple of things we thought were very important here I think suggesting that this is Sam calling any kind of market call is sort of friendly because we are really not selling the company, we are selling a portfolio of assets and we remain you know firmly committed to what we are doing in the identity urban core market, so I think that’s a little of a stretch. And I think this was just kind of a smart portfolio move and a smart capital allocation -- execution.
David Neithercut: As to your first question Steve, yes we lose a little bit of efficiency both in property management and G&A as a result of this. We are able to scale up very easily very efficiently and sort of work sequentially when you go backwards but we think it's an outcome that is satisfactory just given the execution that we think we are getting. And then we talk a lot about development over the last few earnings calls and we sort of have begun to back away from really chasing land at current pricing, we did announce the acquisition of a couple of sites that will be assembled with the third cycle we had acquired previously this year, so we have done a little bit the land acquisition in San Francisco but generally we have talked about we have been adding land to our inventory at a much slower rate than what we have been putting into under construction and what we are completing. So after elevated levels of new development starts last year, in this year you could begin to see that reduce going forward.
David Neithercut: Well I guess last spring was not a year ago, we are talking about more of a six month process, as opposed to a 12 month process.
David Neithercut: But I guess I know this is just a reaction to a recognition as I said in my remarks that we owned assets that we didn’t think were long-term core assets, we were looking at a challenging market in which to redeploy that capital going forward as well as what we thought was a pretty descent bid, to own those assets today and so rather than treat these assets like we have in the past, where they were reservoirs of capital that we used to sell assets and redeploy that in our core markets we just didn’t feel that might be a successful going forward and in fact the matter is that we are now very much firmly in each of our core markets and have got good portfolios and have got that good allocations in those markets and didn't have the need to take that capital and put in a market so as to achieve some kind of total. So whether or not we are $40 billion company with capital deployed across these sort of six coastal markets or a $35 billion of capital deployed across some six markets we didn't really map and so as we were seeing what we thought would be the private equity bid for these sort of assets, we thought that they tend to go ahead and see what we could achieve from that segment and if it meant a special dividend we thought that was okay.
David Neithercut: I mean, it was sufficient negotiation for us to get a price those acceptable to us at terms that were satisfactory to us and again it came together very quickly.
David Neithercut: Again we're very pleased with the pricing that we achieved in the transaction and in the entire process.
David Neithercut: Well I guess that the level of detail that I'm not quite sure that we're prepared to go into we've really looked to this as a portfolio. I am not sure this is a wide range of cap rate spread between the individual markets but we've really looked at this not as a collective individual assets at one large portfolio.
David Neithercut: Southern California is sort of buyers nature mostly suburban I mean, all of California of our assets, are really we have got some Downtown San Francisco, we have got some Downtown LA but generally if you look at the difference between what I've said, with our urban concentration and what was that, it is not high rise or mid rise that's really a lot of California. So no, we did not consider selling anything more in any of those markets. And we sold everything in this portfolio that we wanted to, the only things we did not included in this portfolio, those assets that we've indicated in the release this morning that we intend to sale during the balance of 2016 which we thought weren’t necessarily additive to this portfolio but would be a better execution in a one-off small portfolio like execution throughout 2016.
David Neithercut: Well I guess, I want to tell you, that we are obviously satisfied with the execution of this pricing and we had an expectation that we get good pricing just because of the activity we've seen in the marketplace and we did want to go through a lengthy process of trying to sell these on a one-off sort of basis. I mean, this makes sense in a one big portfolio that we can than think about a onetime special dividend and just have the whole thing sort of makes sense, this would have been a very difficult process to achieve any other manner and we do not believe, we had to get anything on pricing in order to get it done in one fell swoop and we're getting a -- very satisfied with the overall pricing.
David Neithercut: What I think all these markets are really good apartment markets Jeff. We really do, we think Denver is a good apartment market and we think Sao Paolo is a good apartment market. What we've been unable to sort of see our way into owning these sort of higher density kind of assets in those markets and believe that the suburban garden likes product that we're selling to Starwood are better owned by people that have a different capital structure than we do and then our focus has been toward owning what we consider to be more forever like assets in the high density urban core are better assets in our capital structure. So, I think that these are terrific markets. They've been doing very well. I think they are a little more susceptible to supply over the longer term and we think that within our capital structure the launch from this adjusted returns will be better in the urban core than in a suburban product.
David Neithercut: So we are offering for sale a property in the East side of Manhattan which we think is one that I would lend itself better to condominium type ownership and this is the kind of activity I think you will see us more do going forward Alex and we are now focused solely on our core markets and here is an opportunity we think to monetize hopefully good value in this asset and redeploy that into something that might be a better longer term rental play. So I mean if possible we will see what happens. If we don’t get a number, we realize we won’t play, if we do it will be because we think it’s a good price a good value relative to how we think we can redeploy that capital into another asset either in New York or in one of our other core markets.
David Neithercut: Well we have no contractual obligations to continue to do that to sell those require some approvals, from lenders and the army. So if and when that happens, it would be subject to their approval. We have no contractual obligation to continue for any length of time, of our management and ownership of that asset.
David Neithercut: So I can tell you though that on a forward sort of run rate the 5.5 cap rate of this portfolio we think after CapEx is more like a 5.3 so on a real sort of AFFO basis Rob.
David Neithercut: As you know it’s not as big as what we’ve done in the past several years Rob. In ’16 we start call it $500 million or $600 million I suppose, and I think that’s a pretty good run rate for us going forward.
David Neithercut: While the difficulty to redeploy the capital I was really relative to the yields that we would realize on those assets we want to sell and so this is the 5.5 cap rate transactions deal with Starwood difficult to think that we could redeploy that at a reasonable relative cap rate seeing it how assets is our core markets today generally trading with a three handle if we are successful upon getting the bid that we hope we could keyed out of the market on a deal New York we may actually be able to redeploy that asset accretively in one of our core markets. So our expectation of current time is that that is what would happen with the proceeds if we are successful selling this particular property in the New York City.
David Neithercut: Now so to this end this difference shows cap rate has nothing to do with an expectation of a changing cap rates between now and then it's just simply a recognition or it is different type of property that would likely trade in a slightly wider cap rate.
David Neithercut: Yes. We don’t suggest for a minute Dan that San Francisco does not have its ups and downs and in fact it’s probably had perhaps more downs than other markets but we do recognize that it is a marketplace that has always come back and come back fairly quickly and established sort of new so when we look at the assets where we own there and look at the asset that we are building and the prices per foot per pound that we are building those units we ask ourselves not how do we feel about this asset assuming these trees continue to go to the sky or how do we feel about owning these assets at these levels for the next 25 or 30 years and with that perspective we are quite comfortable with what we own and comfortable with what we have underway as a present time and again this was not mean that things can't stop from that marketplace we've not underwritten them again with these kinds of year-over-year revenue growth that we've seen over the past half a dozen years. And we just think that over the longer term it's -- these will be good assets to own. And I just so to mentioned that when we build the tower in Brooklyn half of dozen or so years ago when that deal was delivered it was maybe worth what it cost to good but we knew on firm was the great asset we are located and we do very well with anyone when the market stabilized we do work very well with it and it is worth a considerable premium today if were to cost build on I think we can take the same approach on really on anything that we build we look at the location, look at the quality of product what we are basis per unit per square foot in and ask ourselves how do we feel about being in this product over an extended time period not just are we going to ramp merchant builders right we are just not worried about what the spread is 24 months after delivery but it is the right asset for us and for our shareholders over an extended time period.
David Neithercut: Let me follow-up on that just a little more Rich. I do want to make it clear that these are unrelated unaffiliated OP unitholders but would have taxes in the 100% very significant tax and we feel that inclined as Mark said to the limited amount of this particularly relation to the size of this transaction to try at 1031 those vehicles and we are quite confident that we will be able to do so in assets that we will be really delighted own over the long term.
David Neithercut: I wasn’t clear I guess then, and while I was thinking about in terms of absolute value with respect to interest rate.
David Neithercut: You said in our in the materials that we sent out as part of the press release, that there is a good bid for these assets today from leverage buyers taking advantage of lower interest rate, so I think that these assets as I have mentioned earlier are better owned I think by a leverage buyer and as favorable debt today at favourable rates and should that change we think we’d see a bigger impact on value here, but if you would if any in the higher density core markets we have had the most for capital in investment today.
David Neithercut: I suppose it's possible, we’d probably be delighted if that were to occur, but just given the nature of these assets and for those of you who have been around the blog for a while, these are a primarily assets and we acquired in a growth transactions so there are a lot sort of smaller assets or smaller unit out, smaller price points that we think that we might achieve maximum operable pricing and on one off sort of basis, but if there were someone who are interested in meeting our expectations on a one off deal we would be go delighted for that to happen.
David Neithercut: I guess, we had several of these assets sort out in the marketplace before we really got on the way with this larger process but we have a good sense of pricing. And then also just sort of to tell you that we are acted in the markets, following deals and so we just a kind of very good handle on what we think valuations are, I’ll remind you that when we announced the Archstone transaction, we have given our Boards the guidance just to we thought, we’d achieve and selling the $4.5 billion of assets and we used during the 1031 trade in Archstone we sold those at something like 99.7% of our expectation, so we have got a terrific team out there that are in these markets every day, taking care of these assets trying to understand them and understand the marketplace and we just have a high regard for the intelligence that these guys give us and expectations to what we will be able to achieve on this portfolio.
David Neithercut: Well, this two sites have been assemble with a third site and we have clearly that we acquired earlier in the year and are adjacent to our SoMa Square in the SoMa sort of submarket on San Francisco. The expectation there is that we can begin to start in maybe in the first quarter of 2017 that will be $170 million project. We love Downtown in San Francisco, we think it will be very well with that transaction.
David Neithercut: Yes well following up on Rich Anderson's question I answered a moment ago, there are few assets that are tax protected or are JV assets in Denver and in South Florida and that’s the difference in the count and those will be sold or dealt with separately over the course of 2016.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess by default Washington DC. We were starting off the year with pretty much flat embedded growth so anything we achieved will have to earn next year either through rate or occupancy.
David Neithercut: Well so the markets that we think, we'll do better would be Orange County, potentially LA and Boston and potentially New York and DC. Seattle, I think is not less but closer to the same and then San Francisco, we hope that will do the same but we're just cautious about forecasting any gains over this year in the next year.
David Neithercut: Yes, all I can tell you Michael is that we've done the appropriate diligence that we would need to do on a transaction with this magnitude with respect to equity sources and debt sources to give us great comfort that they will perform as expected which would be very similarly to the way they've performed over the last several weeks between the time we sort of agreed on doing this deal and today announced. So, they have done everything they've said they would do and we've done our diligence to get us comfortable, we're able to continue to do that and close on time as we expect.
David Neithercut: Mostly it is because of some properties that we acquire, some consents and approvals, there are some rights of first offer that some county has, there's also our desire, the properties that Mark suggested, that that we would want to temporarily want to have ourselves gated and we’d get a little bit of extra time that need be. So, a little bit -- the lion’s share of this will happen in one fell suit and then there will just be and even in those multiple buckets could be at the same time but we just a way to sort of facilitate the overall transaction and allow for some of these other consents and approvals to be able to see.
David Neithercut: All right, thank you all again for your time today and look forward to seeing many of you in Las Vegas in just a few weeks. Have a great day.
Mark Parrell: Sure, hi Dave. So the thought process is that let’s say which is our name for this process will generate give or take $2 billion of cash that we will use to repay debt. So we may end up repaying the vast majority and probably will of our 2016 maturities. But we are going to undertake a liability management discussion and process and it may end up that we also do some later maturities as well and retire some of that debt.
Mark Parrell: Hi Michael it is Mark Parrell I will start and I am sure we will get some supplement from David Neithercut as well. So as you know we bought back material amounts of stock before and we would do so again but this particular transaction had a huge amount of embedded gain in it and in order to keep the balance sheet by there any tax embedded gain and to do just a leverage neutral transaction really requires us for every dollar of sales to put about $0.35 towards our debt maturities. Our gain percentage here approaches 75%. So as you can see there really wasn’t any room to capably or easily do a stock buyback with the excess proceeds. That said there is flexibility on the margin we certainly could do 10.31 transactions and tax free exchanges if we wanted to and if the opportunity presented itself.
Mark Parrell: Hi Nick, it's Mark Parrell, we are going to pull forward somewhere between call it $300 million to $500 million of 2017 dividend into 2016 is what our base case model implies right now, as we get closer and get in the next year we will give you more details on that. But if you recall my prior comment in this call when I said $0.35 plus $0.75 well that gets you more that a $1 of sales proceeds and by pulling those dividends from ’17 to ’16, we balance the transaction out slightly lower the dividend and give ourselves enough cash to keep our debt metrics even.
Mark Parrell: I should be careful there. The thought process, the $3.8 billion projected dividend and the $2 billion projected debt pay down encompass all of the sales. The sale to Starwood today for a 5.365 billion as well as the additional 700 million and the reconciling item is wholesome costs which are actually relatively low sale cost and also $200 million to $300 million of 10.31 exchanges that we must do in 2016 due to obligations we have the various OP unitholders.
Mark Parrell: Yes, so just reconstruct that for you, the sources and uses so call it about 6.1 billion of sales proceeds call it around 300 million that we have to reinvestment in assets, we have to do tax free exchanges for us so that reach a 5.8 billion. When you try and solve backwards to keep your credit metrics about constant than needs up that 5.8, 2 billion will be used to repay debt and about 3.8 billion will remain for the special dividend, there're some immaterial costs and rounding in there as well, but it's not significant though.
Mark Parrell: So, we kind of think about it in very simple terms. So we have about 2.3% embedded growth in our rent roll and we think just like this year that the new portfolio will see rent growth in the call it 5.5 you need to figure that the easy math as you get about 45% of that which is 2.5, two or three quarters and so 2.3 embedded, 2.5 to 2 and 3 quarters gets you to 495. We're not underwriting any additional pickups in occupancy although that certainly could be the case if the markets continue to tighten but as far as forecast for the next year, we're just kind of holding occupancy flat.
Mark Parrell: As we said in the release just to be clear the dividend that we are going to pay in January that will be declared in December won’t be affected by this transaction, whatever the trustees’ do for that but it won’t be affected by this transaction. I would expect this resize the annual run rate dividend that would be then payable in April of 2016.
Mark Parrell: Yes. I should have been a little more precise Rich with that. We are obligated we’re inclined to 1031 that $300 million just because of the implications it has to us in our OP unit program we don’t have to. We have relatively few assets that are covered and I think that would probably be something between around 30 after this transaction and might have some sort of obligation maybe a little bit less of one kind or another where you would need to do some sort of tax free exchange or you would have some amount you owe to your partner.
Mark Parrell: And just to finish the thought I mean we think that protects the OP unit currency, if you are able to take care of these partners even when you don’t have to we think as we go out and trying do more and more deals that you have OP unit components because we do think it's attractive to do that certain place in the cycle that that will be appreciated by the market and by our sellers.
Mark Parrell: It’s Mark Parrell Michael. At this point what I would tell you is we run a pretty tight ship already and I think Dave Neithercut spoke to the scaling comment it was relatively easy for us to scale up to Archstone which does imply it’s really relatively difficult for us to just suddenly scale down. So at this point wouldn’t have you project anything meaningful.
David Santee: I think -- this is David Santee yes it's, the guidance should based upon [indiscernible] 240 units for next year which really isn’t that just similar than what we're doing this year.
David Santee: Sure. I can go around the whole in pretty quick let’s start with Boston I think if you look at our Boston results I was a little bit bearish on our ability to achieve the three but I think if Boston had a great lease up I think a lot of the head-to-head competition has been leased up and so I'm a little more bullish definitely more bullish on this year and going into next year. New York I think is just New York, Manhattan specifically is going to be stable again this year it's our lead submarket I think 4.8 for the quarter then you jump over to Jersey City it's a 3.8 and then everything else is a 2.8 so Manhattan continues to be a strong steady market for us and we wouldn’t expect anything different next year. Washington DC is still I would say bouncing along the bottom we are going to produce positive revenue growth we have in our guidance we factored in some modest improvement call it 100 to 150 basis points for next year. But really it's just about were the new product is how and what proximity is to current assets but DC we see deliveries are going to be 10 or less next year and with a lot of the chatter in the government sector yes it seems like DC has turned the corner and the largest sector of job growth best sector of job growth is professional services which bodes well for our portfolio. Seattle. Seattle we are expecting another strong year still a lot of companies regional headquarters moving to Downtown with Amazon continuing to produce profitability that bodes well for the urban core, Boeing is doing great, backlogs so we don’t really see any change for Seattle next year and kind of expect very similar growth to what we have seen this year. San Francisco we are always -- we keep moderating with it's probably going to be less next year but we've been around the last four year so we are backing off a little bit in San Francisco, but certainly deliveries are not going to be an issue a lot of these deliveries are downtown so we kind of expect more the same out of San Francisco and then all of the total really is just been is going to be a plus five if not better market all three of those submarkets continue to just deliver solid steady growth there might be a little pressure in Downtown with the new deliveries, but that will be more than made up by the coastal communities like Marina Del Rey so to summarize it Washington DC would be in its own bucket next year, Seattle all the west coast markets will be in the plus five bucket and then New York and Boston will be in that 3% to 5% bucket.
David Santee: This is Dave Santee. Here is how we think about 2016 taxes. We know that -- I am sorry expenses. We know that 2016 real estate taxes are going to have a 5 handle primarily because of the step up in the 421(a) tax abatements. We know that payroll should probably come in 3% or less. We know that we’ve already locked in material discounts and some commodity costs for next year. So those three categories make up 70% of our total expense. So when if you do the math on that there is no reason why 2016 shouldn’t look very similar to 2015.
David Santee: Well this is David Santee. Denver is delivering over 12,000 units this year and I would tell you that we would expect a good portion of that to bleed into next year with a lot of concentration in the downtown area. Then for 2016, as of today our forecast already gross down to 6,500 units but when you're talking about garden communities, there is no lot of barriers temporary in Denver and the 6,500 number could grow to 7,500 or 8,000 very easily. South Florida really is almost the same picture, 10,000 plus units being delivered again in 2015. I think what is different in South Florida is that a lot of these new deliveries are pretty much all along I-95, if not all east of I-95 stretching from Miami all the way from West Palm Beach and then very similar to Denver, we dropped down to 5,500 for 2016 but again with the lower barriers to entry permitting what have you to scrape and build two storey, three storey garden walk up can be done very quickly in those markets.
David Santee: That cost are about the same, there continues to be a great deal of equity, chasing deals, it might be less absolute leverage available but there is still a lot of them at that very attractive rates.
David Santee: So, we expect and I would say these are all kind of grounded numbers around New York to be around 20% of NOI, maybe a bit more, Washington DC to be in the 19%, San Francisco to be about 18%, LA about 15%, Boston give or take 11, Seattle about 8 and then the rest really San Diego and Orange County each 4% and that's just about it. Little bit less than Inland Empire that are likely be included the next time we report next year in our Los Angeles country that is around the far west and really are driven by West co -- by Orange County or LA more so than the Inland Empire.
David Santee: This is David Santee certainly, there is a much bigger burden on garden communities, because they don't have doormen, they don't have concierges what have you so, I mean we evolved in working my partner at hand and we've been at conversations with UPS and FedEx and what have you but we've had a very -- we build a proprietary package notification system probably four or five years ago. Is it a burden on some of the properties? Yes. We have tried several pieces of technology which are only real partial answers to the problem, but I think over the next year or so we will be close to providing 100% solution in buildings where we don't have concierges or doormen but we do believe that if you live in a doormen building or concierges building that accepting packages is a basic expectation of our resident.
David Santee: No, I think I don't want to think we've ruled the lockers out but there is a lot of nuances with the lockers. When someone orders four tyres they don't fit in one of those lockers. And remember it's all these unique jockeying between the kinds of postal person FedEx and UPS guys or whoever may jockey for last position for so and hoping that the lockers are filled so that they can just dump the packages. So, it's a very interesting subject that, that we hope to solve over the course of the next year or so.
