Michael Manelis: Eric, this is Michael. So yes, I think one of the things you need to remember is that, relative to the first quarter in 2023, we are issuing more concessions right now. So that does impact a little bit of what you see in that new lease change. But clearly, when you just think about the normal rent seasonality curve, pricing trend or asking rents in the marketplace, we're seeing that sequentially build. And you're seeing that sequential improvement in kind of the new lease stats for April over March. So I think what you should expect for the next several months working our way probably even through the middle of the third quarter is that we will sequentially build new lease change up, and we will see that stability in kind of the renewal, achieved renewal increase performance. So you're right to call out that it's a little lower than norm, but right now we like the sequential improvement that we're seeing. 
Michael Manelis: Yes. And I think I called this out even on the first -- or the call in January, that we made a strategic decision to increase the concession use, build up that occupancy in the fourth quarter, and really have been just pulling back the concession use as we worked our way through the first quarter. The most pronounced reduction actually came out of San Francisco. I think the offset to that reduction is that we also started to utilize some concessions in LA. So when you think about the sequential change from the fourth quarter through the first quarter, our concession use ticked down a little bit but not as much as what it would have been if we didn't start increasing some of the usage in the L.A. market. Right now, about 50% of the concessions that we're using are concentrated in Seattle and San Francisco, with a large majority of those sitting in those downtown areas. Both of those markets are below where they were in January. And I'll tell you, we've had a really strong couple of leasing weeks. So I know the teams right now for the last several weeks have been strategically looking at where they can continue to dial back the concession use. 
Michael Manelis: Yes, John, this is Michael. So really, from the affordability standpoint, I wouldn't say we have any concerns at all. I mean we're not seeing a material shift. We still sit at about 20% rent-to-income ratios. And the range is fairly tight, running between like 18.5% to 24%. And the Southern California markets are sitting up at that higher range and they really historically have always been up at that level.  So I'm not concerned about us hitting that point where the affordability index. I think what we saw in a market like New York where you had such robust rent growth through the peak leasing season last year, you hit that point where kind of you felt like you hit a rent fatigue level. We're not seeing any of that right now in the portfolio, but it's still pretty early into the leasing season. So I'm more looking at that absolute rent level than anything around the affordability of our resident base. 
Michael Manelis: Yes. It's a great question. So this is Michael. So I look at those markets right now and I think, clearly, we did see some marginal improvement with the migration patterns. We're still running with a slightly higher percent of new residents coming to us from within the MSA, meaning we're just trading around within the MSA. But we are marginally seeing some improvement, but we are elevated still from those historical norms. And I think we're going to remain elevated until you see the catalyst of either job growth or specific to like Downtown San Francisco really seeing kind of a more robust return-to-office policy.  So in terms of the demand, it's not really like the migration factors that are doing it. I still think you see some folks coming from further out near or in, and that was a little bit of the catalyst that we saw. And you also get a different sense of vibrancy. I mean we talked about this now for over a year. Every quarter, the cities, those metro areas seem to start feeling better and better. And you're seeing that play out.  So right now, our positioning -- we've got both markets sitting up at 96% occupied. It gives us a lot of confidence to keep pressuring whether we're raising the absolute rate, holding back the concession, we're seeing the sequential build in our net effective rent. And that's what we're looking for. As long as the velocity holds, we're going to do really well through the peak leasing season. But we've seen these markets before kind of have fits and starts. So I think it's just too early to call that these are wins for the year. 
Michael Manelis: Yes. Josh, this is Michael. Yes, they're absolutely different. And again, this remains the story about kind of the City of Seattle and Downtown San Francisco is where we see kind of the least amount of pricing power, kind of lower occupancy. So the suburban portfolios are clearly outperforming the urban, and that's a trend we've seen for a while in those markets.  The only thing I would call out in San Francisco is that you do have some supply coming back to the South Bay and it is back-half loaded. So you do need to see kind of that demand pick up because you have like 4,000 units coming back to that submarket just later on this year. But again, it's doing -- it's performing very well right now. We saw it absorb 4,000 units a couple of years ago. So it's nothing that we're concerned, but it's still something that we're watching for. 
Michael Manelis: Dennis, this is Michael. So in my prepared remarks, I kind of gave you some clustering around the expansion markets concession use. Right now, for us, I would kind of cluster Denver, Atlanta and Dallas together with about 25% to 30% of our applications receiving right around anywhere between 4 to 6 weeks.  Austin is a little bit of the outlier and it's running about 60% of our applications with almost 6 weeks of concessions. But again, we only have 3 assets in Austin, so I don't think it's kind of overly indicative of what may be happening in the broader market.  I'll tell you, we've been watching the new lease-ups and the concessions that we see. And right now, they really seem to be in line with what you would expect. There's nothing like out of the norm that's running anywhere between 4 and 8 weeks across all of those markets. And that's kind of one of those positive signs for us.  Relative to the first quarter, I'll tell you, we've ticked down a little bit of our concession use. Most all of these markets have occupancies above 95% right now. So as soon as we get to that threshold, we kind of pulled back a little bit of the concessions and see what does that velocity look like. And we've had a couple of strong leasing weeks. So I think the teams are dialing it back. But we do expect concessions will remain in place in those expansion markets throughout the year because the levels of supply is going to continue to increase, which means we're most likely going to see these concessions stay. As long as they stay within the realm of reasonableness in this 4- to 8-week range on the new lease-ups, I think we're okay. That's kind of how we've modeled it. 
Michael Manelis: This is Michael. So I'll just give you a sense. So renewals right now are out in the marketplace for the next 90 days, for the next 3 months. Very consistent right now, the quotes are running between 6.5% and 7%. And that gives us a lot of confidence that we expect to achieve somewhere right around that 5% on the net effective side. 
Alexander Brackenridge: John, it's Alex. So there are a couple of factors at play there. One is -- and we talked a little bit about this last quarter, is leaning in more on some ROI projects, specifically renovations, some solar installations, some smart rent installations as well, and EV chargers. So there's some things that we can toggle up and down. They have ROIs on them, and they're discretionary. So that's in the mix.  There's also an element of catch-up from the pandemic. Those are projects that we just couldn't get to because we didn't want to disrupt our residents who were staying at home at that time. And so there's a little bit of catch-up there. So we're going to have a couple of more years of that, we think. So I think this 3,800-ish number is pretty good. 
Alexander Brackenridge: Yes. Josh, it's Alex. In Seattle, we're 60% urban and 40% suburban. In San Francisco, it's the opposite of that. So we have a broader suburban exposure there. 
Alexander Brackenridge: Michael, it's Alex. We're going to slow down the dispositions until we see better visibility into the acquisition side of the market. And it did feel like 2 or 3 weeks ago we were getting there, that there were -- buyers and sellers were kind of finding common ground at around 5 to 5.25. But then the inflation report came in hot, hotter than expected, and that really kind of threw everything backwards to where we were a quarter ago, where there's a pretty good spread right now, the tenure, I think, is over 4.6 today. And so we're just trying to figure out what the cap rate environment is for acquisitions. And so we'll just temper the dispose until we get a better sense of that. 
Alexander Brackenridge: Yes, John, this is Alex. One thing that hasn't changed, although the rate environment is confusing to many investors, is the amount of product that's delivering, particularly in the expansion markets that we're excited about. And a lot of that just isn't capitalized to be owned for the long term. I mean it was merchant built in many cases. And we're eager to pursue that. We just need to come up with pricing that makes sense in the current rate environment.  And there's some other owners of more stable properties that also were seeing some debt challenges, and we just expect more opportunities where, as Bob has mentioned, really well poised to take advantage of them. We just need the right price given the rate environment. 
Mark Parrell: Yes, I'm just going to elaborate. It's Mark, Steve, I'd add a little bit. Again, we do see that improvement in Downtown San Francisco, but it's not yet the job growth we probably need to drive rents. But we're 14% or so below rent levels that we're pre-pandemic. So there's definitely room here. Incomes have gone up, as we've talked about on the calls.  The crime statistics in the city of San Francisco generally have really improved compared to last year and compared to pre-pandemic levels. And as Michael said, politically, we think the March 2024 primary was a real watershed moment. We think the citizens really took it upon themselves on both public safety and other matters to really take back their city. So we're excited about some of the progress there.  The AI revolution is a big driver potentially for San Francisco, the city and the Bay Area more widely. Our numbers indicate that the Bay Area is getting 13x more funding than the next metro area in terms of AI investment. Now that's very significant.  Now those jobs aren't that many yet. I mean they are a few hundred. They're not the thousands. So we're not seeing that job growth yet that we really need to drive our numbers. But we are seeing that network effect where companies like OpenAI was incubated at UC Berkeley and it opted to stay in San Francisco. Some of these incubator firms have moved back in to San Francisco from the city, from the suburbs. So that's all really positive.  In Seattle, I just want to give a plug for our friends in the Northwest, I mean this enormous $700 million project, their version of the Big Dig, to take the Alaskan Way highway and put it underground and really activate the waterfront is really significant. It's driving tourism, it's driving activation slowly but surely in Downtown Seattle.  Seattle's problem is really going to be the supply issues. There's just a fair bit of supply. But we do see activity levels improving. And again, politically, the city council and the mayor are much more focused in Seattle on public safety and quality of life because that's what their constituents have told them to be focused on.  So again, we're pretty excited. And I guess we'd make the statement that we continue to see Seattle and San Francisco as when, not if, stories. And the when could be this year if things continue as they are, but we need to see a little few more months of continued good results in a market that, again, can give you a head fake once in a while. 
Mark Parrell: Steve, it's Mark. Thanks for that question. I mean we are still in active litigation, as you suggested in your comment or your question. So there's not a lot I can say. Just to give you a little background, this has been a case that's been going on for 10 years. About the amount of late fees, we just got a ruling from a judge that was adverse to our interest, so we adjusted the reserve. We are considering our appeal options. So to your point about adjustments, they could go up or down depending on our actions.  Also the judge didn't give us a number. He gave us a methodology, and we're working out with claimant's council what that means. So we can charge late fees, it's just the amount that's an issue. So we need to figure that out. So there could certainly be additional adjustments. I wouldn't expect them to be terribly significant upward. But if we win an appeal, I guess there could be a downward adjustment. But this is going to go on for a little while yet, I would think. 
Mark Parrell: Thanks for the question, Michael. It's Mark. We generally look at this at the end of each quarter. And because we have so much disproportionate activity in the second quarter, that it makes sense to us that that would be the time to really look hard at this. It's a really volatile world, even more so than usual, both in the economic terms and every other term you could think of. So to us, it makes some sense to wait. We've got a few markets that feel like they're poised to recover, but Seattle and San Francisco specifically. And those have been a little bit -- markets with a little bit of volatility as well.  So I guess I don't know what to say about whether you get the low end of the guidance or the high end of the guidance, but right now we're clearly pointed to the high end of the rev number and the lower end of the expense range. But this is just 1 quarter and there's a lot of time to go. And again, we feel very optimistic and very excited about the fundamentals of the business, and we'll report back in July and tell you where we are. 
Mark Parrell: Just to elaborate, it's Mark. We don't expect overheads to be higher or different than our guidance range. It's just the cadence of it is a little different where, for a variety of reasons, the first and second quarter are more similar than usual. And you should expect a real decline in quarters 3 and 4. So we'll update that all in July, but we don't have any expectation that overhead is net higher. It's just the drop between the quarters is occurring between quarters 3 and 2, not between quarters 1 and 2 as has often been the case. 
Mark Parrell: Yes. That's really an outstanding question. I think the really good news here is that both sides, whether it's Governor DeSantis in Florida, whether it's Governor Newsom in California or in New York or Governor Healey up in Massachusetts, everyone's thinking about supply as a solution. Where in 2018 when all the tumult happened started on rent control with the California Ballot Initiative, it was all about price controls, which obviously are not going to improve supply. So I think it's really a positive that everyone is trying to address supply in different ways, with different levels of effectiveness. I think the industry has done a good job. I give a lot of credit to Barry Altshuler who is our lead regulatory guy on that and many other people in the industry who pushed that supply argument, and we're seeing the results of that, and you're right to recognize it.   But I also would say that places like New York, California, continue to need to work on being an attractive place to live and for businesses to locate. They need to be able to more effectively compete against places like Texas that are more attractive than they used to be in terms of amenities to our residents, our demographic, as well as to business leaders who just want to expand their operations in places where it's less complex and less expensive to do business.  So I do say we remain open. I think New York is something we'll continue to think on. Right now, our opinion is you need to have some regulatory reforms away from housing just to make public safety better in some of those places and both to sort of encourage employers to relocate or to stay located in those markets. But I definitely see this as progress for sure. 
Mark Parrell: Yes. I think 2 of the biggest structural advantages to the rental housing business and the apartment business are what you just identified, the fact that home ownership is just tough. And that's for a lot of reasons. So many people are locked in with the real low rates on mortgages. It makes it very attractive to stay in place even if they might move or downsize. So that will slow things down in that market.  I think the amount of production by the homebuilders is just a lot lower than it was pre-GFC. I think the cost of ownership, including things like insurance, are significantly higher. And I think all of that together makes rental housing a lot more attractive, and that's likely to be a persistent benefit.  And embedded in that is just a lack of supply. So even though Michael just talked about some of the impacts of supply in these expansion markets for us and for people that own in the Sunbelt, that's certainly a pretty profound impact for the next couple of years. It still means that the U.S. as a whole is undersupplied in housing. And I think at 1.5 million units a year of owned and rental housing supplied, the same as the number was in 1960 for a population twice as big, you can see the opportunity there if you own like we do, 80,000 well-positioned nice units to rent in some of the higher growth parts of the country.  So I think those are huge secular tailwinds to our business and are likely to persist. And that's why, again, we want to stick with our strategy of having balance, being in the 12 best markets, these expansion markets, for 20%, 25% of NOI, and the remainder in these established markets where our higher-end resident wants to be and take advantage of the supply imbalances, and frankly, the preference that we think is going to be pretty persistent for rental housing. 
Mark Parrell: Yes. I'm going to answer your question very precisely because I take it to mean impact on Equity Residential, and I'd say the impact on Equity Residential is pretty modest, pretty insignificant. That's because about 40% of our units are either called luxury units under the law, meaning the rents are at higher levels, or that we own newer buildings, buildings built in 2009 or later.  And for the other units, for us to get over an 8% or 10% renewal increase, which is what the law would limit, 2023 was a great year in New York, so just looking backwards, but it wasn't that great. And it would be more impactful to us in a year like late 2021 or 2022 when we were trying to recover from the pandemic and rents were going up more quickly on renewal and we were taking away concessions. That market is not that kind of market right now. So I would expect right now for it not to be terribly significant to us.  And again, a great benefit, I think, in trying to encourage supply, which I noted in my remarks. I just think rent control in general does not encourage more supply into the market. So we got to work through that in New York. But I do think having some certainty here for everyone involved is a plus. 
Robert Garechana: Yes. Thanks, Derrick. It's Bob. I'll take that. Let me start because there's a few pieces driving this, but let me start on the same-store revenue front with the residential rental component. Our assumption for residential rental income is that we anticipate a year that is pretty normal, meaning that sequentially, we expect the blended rates to continue to get better until they seasonally decline in Q4. And so you're going to see that normal kind of robust growth pattern as you work your way sequentially through.  On the other income front, which also drives the same-store revenue piece, that's a little bit lumpier. So we expect to see bad debt improvement and increased income from initiatives later in the year as well. So that will all help growth as you kind of continue on sequentially as well.  And then the nonresidential side, which you saw some lumpiness in the first quarter that we disclosed in a footnote on the bottom of Page 10, that is going to be a little bit of a drag when you get to the back half of the year. But when you get to the full holistic year, it doesn't really impact same-store revenue overall.  So normal kind of seasonal trajectory. Given the comp period, when you put it in the blender, when you look at quarter-over-quarter, we would expect the quarter-over-quarter to be lower in the back quarters of the year than they are in the first quarter. 
Robert Garechana: Yes. Also pretty typical. We certainly had a very good first quarter on the expense side, better than what we anticipated as we kind of highlighted in the disclosure. And we didn't adjust guidance at all. So we do expect that it's -- while it's early, we're being a little bit cautious on the expense side. So we're hopeful that we can do better than the midpoint of our guidance range, but we'll see.  But from a growth trajectory standpoint, remember that Q2 and Q3 are always usually the higher growth rate periods because you have more turnover going on in the portfolio because you're in the leasing season. So you expect those growth rates to be higher. And then the only other thing I would highlight is 4Q had a difficult comp period. 2023 fourth quarter growth rates were really low, and so we have a little bit of a harder comp period in the fourth quarter. But we're off to a really good start on expenses, and so we're cautiously optimistic there. 
Robert Garechana: Yes. Let me -- Haendel, it's Bob. Let me clarify real quick. So relative to expectations, we had in our guidance expectations as we called out the straight-line receivable reversal as it relates to nonresidential. So there's no change to expectations.  The other thing I would point out is that the benefit in the first quarter actually has no relation to the Rite Aid lease that we talked about last year. So let me describe what it is. You may recall that during the pandemic, we actually took a large write-off of the straight-line receivable related to a variety of tenants, which converted those nonresidential tenants to a cash basis of accounting. Under the accounting literature that, over time, when your outlook on collectibility changes, you convert them back to an accrual basis level of accounting. So you put that straight line receivable back on the books.  As you can imagine, given the nature of the tenancy and the nature of that space in the retail, we're very cautious to ensure that there was our collectibility view change. So we had a pretty high hurdle rate in terms of determining that we thought that these leases would be collectible, and we did so in the first quarter, but that was intended and anticipated in guidance. So what you saw was a return of that receivable balance. We don't expect there to be much more there in the quarterly cadence for nonresidential. And so that's kind of what that nature was specifically.  Since you mentioned Rite Aid, I will just say one quick thing on Rite Aid because that is a rather large space. So that space, the lease was terminated associated with Rite Aid, but we have re-leased it. So we have an active lease with a very high credit quality tenant. We're in the process of putting TI dollars into that. And once those TI dollars are completed, which should happen later this year, at that point, we'll turn the space over and we can begin revenue recognition on that lease specifically. And that's the update on Rite Aid. But otherwise, there's nothing -- there's no relationship with Rite Aid at this point. 
Robert Garechana: Yes. Good question. So as you saw from our full year guidance, we didn't adjust our full year guidance, but we did give -- provide for the first time NFFO guidance for the second quarter, and continue to maintain what is probably a little bit of a cautious outlook still. But there are a couple of callouts that I would say that are inherent in the Q2 NFFO guidance, that range that we provided, that are a little bit different than what you would have normally seen sequentially between Q1 and Q2, which I think is what you're getting at, Haendel.  The core business continues to do what we would expect it to do as Michael just outlined. So the core kind of residential NOI business is growing the way that it would normally grow, but we won't have that sequential benefit from the straight-line receivable that I just described. So that's a little bit of drag on the sequential component. Overhead is also not declining as quickly sequentially as what it has done in historical periods for a few puts and takes. And finally, there is a little bit of transaction noise because we are front-end loaded on the disposition side. Oftentimes, when we do dispositions, we put those proceeds into 1031 accounts, which are interest-bearing cash accounts, but they don't earn as much interest as the NOI loss. That's a temporary dilution that we incur. And so that's putting a bit of a drag on the sequential Q1 to Q2 numbers. 
Robert Garechana: We typically don't provide that degree of guidance. But I would tell you in terms of the actual same-store kind of revenue piece, what I would tell you is that, sequentially, what you normally see between -- in same-store revenue is call it $0.02 to $0.03 -- or NOI, sorry, is call it $0.02 to $0.03 of sequential improvement in NOI between Q1 and Q2. And that's pretty much where we are on the residential side. But we're losing, call it, about $0.01 from the nonresidential piece. We're also losing about $0.01 from the overhead kind of sequential piece along with a handful of other things in the transaction activity that we mentioned. And that's why you're only seeing $0.01 improvement sequentially.  Keep in mind that the leasing activity that you execute in the second quarter typically has a bigger effect on revenue in the third quarter because those leases are ratably reset during the second quarter. So hopefully, that helps from a color perspective. 
Robert Garechana: Yes. As you mentioned, Jamie, the balance sheet is in phenomenal shape. I mean from an absolute leverage standpoint, it's very low. But you're also highlighting something that I think is worth noting, which is we have very little interest rate exposure because we don't have a maturity or any refinancing needs until the middle of 2025. And even when you look further out, there is a modest kind of maturity piece.  So I think when you look at use of proceeds, probably in the menu of choices, debt paydown is the last one, to be frank. And we'd be more interested on the capital allocation front, whether it's acquiring assets or otherwise, even buying back shares just from a standpoint of whatever presents a better value proposition because we don't have any maturity issues and we have very limited exposure to rates. 
Robert Garechana: Linda, it's Bob. We would expect to start seeing improvement in the second quarter because you saw Q4 to Q1 was relatively flat. But we're seeing some of the lead indicators, as Michael mentioned, in terms of the timing of the courts and other things, indicate that we should start to see some sequential improvement in Q2. And then we would expect it to continue on that process, although it can be volatile in Q3 and Q4 such that, by the end of the year, Q4 is maybe ends at, call it, 90 basis points of total revenue. That means for the full year, you're getting that 30 basis points of improvement. 
