Bob Garechana: Thanks Nick. It’s Bob Garechana. It is really three-fold items overall as it relates to the NFFO guidance, the $0.03 identified in the press release. The first of which is really timing of transaction activity. During the fourth quarter, our guidance incorporates about $300 million in dispositions and in the third quarter we had a similar amount of dispositions, but actually had $500 million roughly of acquisitions that Mark went through, front unloaded, so that’s about a penny of delta. It is also timing of other items, predominantly corporate overhead and some other expense items as well and then that’s another penny, and then the last penny is to same-store, so you are right. As you look at sequential same-store revenue, it specifically does decelerate between the third and the fourth quarter, which is what we have embedded in our guidance today, that modest kind of traditional deceleration that you see from seasonal activity. You usually also see some expense seasonality and you see expenses actually decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter in a pretty material amount historically and we don’t expect to see that as much this year and that is largely driven by the timing of some real estate tax appeals and some other items and that is really driving that last penny that we identified in the release.
Bob Garechana: Hey, Alex. Bob. Obviously, we’re very focused on reducing that number. Overall, I think if you look at our 10-year history, we generated something that’s well under 3% on expenses and we’d like to get to that arena again. One of the things that we’ve talked about on the screen called many times that is a challenge for us is the 421a assets. We’ve made a lot of progress in the sales that we’ve had in reducing that rate of growth, but it does to overall, same-store expenses on average contribute 60 basis points of incremental growth. So anything away at that could obviously present some opportunities. Michael talked about in the past initiatives and opportunities that we will focus on there, but it’s hard to get over that real estate tax piece, although we’ve done a lot to make that better.
Bob Garechana: No. Yes. So it’s not just real estate taxes, right. There are some things that I think we give you some color on page 16 on expenses on certain things that are one-time in nature, for instance, that are ‘19 or might be one-time or less frequent like the ground lease revaluation that’s other expenses and the HOA kind of holiday. That was in other expenses that you wouldn’t expect necessarily to recur. We’re not giving you 2020 guidance. I got to say that in 2020, there might be some things that pop up that could go the other way. You heard us and others talk about the benefit in real estate taxes that we saw in Seattle this year that may not repeat itself, but we’re very focused on making sure that we can manage those expense line items to be lowest possible growth rate overall.
Mark Parrell: Thanks for that question, Nick. Yes. We have talked I think more than ever before. And we have always had a regulatory component to our underwriting, but it has been a bigger discussion. We have done things like sensitized exit cap rates. We generally think about asset whole periods in our pro forma is 10 years. So 10 years from now, these assets will be closer to the end of their protected period. So we have sensitize those cap rates at the end, those exit cap rates, a little and thought about them in a few different ways, so that we would be more thoughtful about maybe how those assets might trade 10 years from now. Again, mostly we do generally hold assets longer than 10 years, but we need to be a little bit more mindful, so we did that analysis and we were still happy to hold the assets, so generally changed our IRRs from mid 7 IRRs to high 6 IRRs by doing that, Nick.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess I will tell you as we hit the fourth quarter, they will most likely be negative, they typically are negative and I talked about that before that there is a seasonality component to these stats, which is why when you isolate any one quarter, it’s not always indicative of the full year.
Mark Parrell: Thanks Nick. No, we are certainly open to getting larger, I think the market is giving us a growth signal, I would start by saying, as I said in my prepared remarks, the transaction market with the kind of quality assets we want is extremely competitive. So it’s not like we have a whole bunch of things that have piled up that we’d love to acquire. I mean we’re buying pretty well everything again that fits into the window that we’re comfortable with on price. So I would start by saying, there isn’t a lot left that we haven’t done to begin with. I also point out that if you were to use, for example, the ATM. The implied cap rate on the stock as compared to the kind of asset cap rates we have is not going to create a great deal of accretion at least immediately for the company. I would say we’re more interested in potentially issuing debt and buying assets. I mean I think we have a pretty modest leverage profile, we are not suggesting we are going to pile the debt on, but I think we’re in a position where we could certainly spend a considerable amount of money and fund it with debt to buy assets if we could find enough good assets to buy. So definitely that’s top of mind for us Nick. But it’s probably more of a debt play at this point than it is use of the ATM or some discrete secondary.
Mark Parrell: Hi, Shirley. It’s Mark. Thanks for the question. We have not. California has really just kept going. I mean, cap rates have generally kind of been steady to declining for our kind of assets. So we have not seen, I think that’s because California was so well discussed to the credit of the policymakers the activists representing the tenant groups, and the companies like ours and the owners, everyone was involved in this conversation about rent control and rent reform. And so when this all came to pass, everyone understood it and the regulations made sense in the market digested it. I contrast that to New York, where it was done, as I’ve said before, sort of in the dark night, probably wasn’t as well thought through. And I think the implications are harder to understand the transaction market in New York. But in California everything feels about the same to us.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So this is what the industry has been calling Prop 10 2.0, and the proponent put out a press release recently saying as we expected, but they have enough signatures to put this on the ballot. Again that’s what the industry anticipated. I will tell you we are very well organized. There have been the industry meetings about this. We beat this by about 20 percentage points back in November, educated the public, educated policymakers it was just a bad idea. We think the same approach is justified here again, we intend to be very much aggressive and out there having these conversations in the public space about how this sort of repeal of Costa Hawkins is going to do the exact opposite of what people want, there will be less supply, there will be less investment in existing stock of housing, both single family and multifamily by the way, and we’re going to have that conversation to be very forthright about it So at this point, I feel pretty good about, again our organization in the industry to oppose that measure.
Mark Parrell: Yes, we have a few other. Thank you for the question. We have a few other of these sort of opportunities we are talking to. We have just seen and we telegraphed this on the prior call, it was just more inbound call volume. Developers we know, regional folks, reputable local folks that have had no problem getting equity and now do and we think some of that is just again build to yields have gotten low. A lot of folks who made a lot of money on development maybe they are a little anxious about where they are in the cycle. A lot of people that are building, they build for a window. So these, developers are building, needing to deliver as merchant builders in a window and things need to be great in 2022 or 2023 or they don’t make money, that is not the way we think about development. We want to like our unit cost in our per square foot cost and our location in the long run. So I think we do have an advantage right now at the moment where we’re able to take a longer view, where we do have ample capital and these opportunities, again you can put in front of you, the capital of the developer, they’re out there, taking the completion risk initially, now again these developers have capitalization, not as significant as ours and they have experience and we watch over their shoulders. So we think we get a little risk mitigation and there is a little bit of an opportunity right now to kind of jump in the deals that are ready to go. So I do think there is a little bit of a window here for us.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I want to add one thing, Rich. This stuff becomes competitive even earlier. So before the CMO comes there out their pre-leasing that pressures operators and people like us with properties in the area. So sometimes moving from December to January, it looks like something in all of us from a distance, but from the operator perspective it’s meaningless. And I also point out, when you have 20% of LA move from ‘18 and ‘19 and 20% move from ‘19 and ‘20, nothing really happened. I mean all that happened is, we have done some good interesting analytical work where we see the pattern and really this is the point where the numbers for example, for 2020 are at their highest and from here they’ll just decline because deals will keep getting pushed or moved or changed in some regard. So there is a bit of a pattern here where I think we all start looking at numbers that end up being much lower in the long run, because stuff just naturally pushes.
Mark Parrell: Thanks, John. So I would probably put it in terms of spend, if that’s helpful. So the way we’ve talked about it with the Board is, we feel like we can spend $500 million a year on development, which would consist of the $300 million of excess cash flow that we have every year after all, our CapEx needs are met, as well as, call it $200 million of additional leverage from the growth in EBITDA. We do that, we don’t need to sell assets, we don’t need to access to capital and we won’t need to do anything, we can just sort of self fund and in that case, then we think that’s the best safest way to do it. So I would expect our goal is to get close to opening starting, say $500 million in 2020. We have one large deal in the West Coast. We are working hard on that would be half of that. So, and there is a number of other play, that are really interesting that are density plays, where we’re knocking down say 40 or so garden units and replacing them with 200, 250 mid-rise units and we have a number of projects like that going on in the West Coast that we hope to start next year, and a few going on in the East and may take a little longer. So I mean that’s where you should see, in terms of a range, probably spend $300 million, $400 million, $500 million a year and us looking at both JV development, some of this legacy land bank we still have of lower priced brand and these density plays that we think are interesting.
Mark Parrell: So you are correct. First of all that, the spread is about 100 basis points improvement in new lease change when you isolate to the 12 to 12. I haven’t really seen much from a demand standpoint changing in the willingness to take long-term leases we’ve done some stuff in LA we do some stuff strategically in front of some of the supply to try to get some longer leases in place, but we haven’t seen anything whether that be in New York or California yet that would suggest consumers are looking for longer term leases or that turnover has changed. I mean New York turnover, for example, one of my questions, which is whether we would see a difference between our market rate and our rent stabilized portfolio in terms of turnover and they both are moving in the similar way. So maybe I guess it’s just one quarter of data and we’ll see, but my expectation was that the rent stabilized portfolio would start to have even lower turnover than the market rate portfolio, but that has not yet proven to be true.
Mark Parrell: Yes, it’s Mark. We certainly have talked on several occasions, the fact that these rent control rules in the long run are going to reduce supply and even though the affordable New York program for example wasn’t specifically changed, these sort of rules have a chilling effect on capital going into development. And so for an owner like us of properties that already have a relatively low basis because we’ve owned them a long time, in a lot of regards the government has now been our partner in reducing supply and increasing the competitive moat. But and we also have opportunities on expenses that we’ve talked about whether it’s leasing and advertising, because again, we’re more highly occupied, turn costs and the like, but I have to be fair about this and I’ve said this before, rent regulation when it reduces the amount the supply of housing, ultimately reduces the dynamism and vibrancy of a city and that’s not good for us. We would rather see and take a little bit of pain in the short run but see these neighborhoods continue to build out and our existing assets become even more popular and there will be even more entertainment options and more of everything. So I would suggest that rent control is I think we can manage through and to this point has been not as significant as maybe some folks who thought it would be, but it’s hard for me to say that it’s a positive in the long run to these cities.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I think that’s probably fair or maybe a little bit lower. I mean I think the range we’re operating in is 4.3% to 4.7% for markets like Boston near the low end of that cap rate range, where it’s just super competitive and a market like Denver more toward the higher end of that range.
Mark Parrell: Certainly the regulatory scheme, the pressure we feel, the welcome frankly that the city puts out for us is a factor. The Berkeley assets had both asset characteristics and city characteristics that made them worth selling. So I’d say we aware of places where it’s more difficult to do business and we factor that into our decisions to sell.
Mark Parrell: Sure. While we welcome those sorts of conversations certainly, and I know we try and engage in of sort of dialogs. I think this is great. I think Facebook’s announcement I believe was $1 billion and I think that equated to about $50,000 a unit. So clearly there is something else going on here in terms of the government matching or contributing land or doing some other things. I think it’s great to alleviate some of these housing shortages. I think it’s very thoughtful for big office users to also be thinking about housing. And I think this is just another ingredient in the solution that the government can utilize if it sees fit.
Mark Parrell: Sure, we are open to that. We are absolutely open to that. And a lot of cases they are making – if they are building a project that’s employee specific, for tech company is building what amounts to a dormitory for their employees, that’s probably a little less interesting for us. If they are building properties where in along with maybe the city contributing land and they’re contributing capital and we are in a partnership and we are building it, that’s all, that’s very interesting. Those kind of opportunities would be very worthwhile for us.
Mark Parrell: Yes, great question. So our goal, as we mentioned in Denver is to get it up to call it 5% of our NOI. Right now it’s about 1.5%. That’s probably funded with some incremental capital but probably some recycling out of places like Washington DC, where we like the market, but we have a significant concentration and where there been some serious supply issues over the years, as well as maybe some money from some of the other markets here and there. So I think you can expect us to continue to acquire in Denver, we acquired one asset in the past quarter, we have almost $600 million invested in that market and I’d like to see that number closer to $2 billion and our concentration closer to 5%.
Mark Parrell: Well, it depends. I mean some of the older assets we sell. it’s got a higher CapEx low to them I have some of the stuff in front of me, but I’m not sure I’m in a position to give you exact numbers – we talked about in our disclosure materials on – page 27 I think we define for you acquisition capitalization rate or cap rate and give you a sense of kind of what the underwriting looks like from a in unit replacement, CapEx etcetera, and how that’s kind of condition that might give you some color, Rich.
Mark Parrell: Do you mean FFO – AFFO of after the replacement reserves and everything else for example? Yes, like Park at Pentagon Row that’s, that’s a good thing to talk about for a second. I mean we looked at the buyers numbers as best we can. And again, that’s not what we disclose and we put in $200 a unit for that per year. I can tell you that number is way too low. We also put $200 unit in some of the 2017, 2018 product we bought in California. And I think that number is just fine on stuff that was built a year to 18 months ago. So I think when you start to get to where the rubber meets the road and what you’re replacements really are a lot of the stuff we’re doing isn’t accretive in the long run, it’s accretive right then and now.
Mark Parrell: Well, I mean there’s so much to un-bundle in that. I mean, I just want to start by saying, you do have plague a horrible, as you mentioned in California, but there is a lot of positives that we wouldn’t known and I know, is that you’re a veteran guy, you know that. I mean the job creation machine in California. The Company creation machine, a whole employment picture in the United States is to some extent driven by what’s going on in California In terms of technology and going on in the West Coast and now spread everywhere throughout the country. So I would say, we like a lot of the dynamics there and things that would scare us about California are mostly about those job dynamics changing, that sort of demand stuff would be most concerning to us, we don’t, as Michael said in his remarks on San Francisco, we just don’t see that yet. I also say that Prop 13 and remember the split role initiative doesn’t affect us in the apartment business. Having your largest single expense, significantly lower, I mean we have a lot of markets where outside of New York, where property taxes are going up 5%, 7% a year. And in California, they are considerably lower. That’s a huge advantage to us in terms of what our return is. So I’d say there is still plenty of positive things about California, notwithstanding some of the elements of the plagues that you mentioned earlier. And I think you hit it on the head in terms of the California strategy. We do not want to have more NOI in California that we have now. I think we’re about right, maybe a little lower be okay too, but I think we do want to be younger. I think we have some older assets that even withstanding, notwithstanding rent control we want to sell. And I think we’ll continue along that play and you’ll see us sell some of the stuff that’s a little bit older in the portfolio and try and keep our portfolio in California particularly young.
Mark Parrell: Yes, so I don’t say that Southern Cal is disappointing at all on the demand side. I think what you’re seeing right now in our numbers and what we’ve talked about even in the previous quarters is we knew deceleration was going to be come and just based on the supply coming right on top of us. So even though while there was that shift of supply kind of moving the supply is on top of us in Downtown LA right now and we feel that, but the demand is still strong for our type of product. It’s just, we’re not having as much pricing power. And as I think as you go into 2020 just in my prepared remarks, we recognize that we’re still going to have that pressure sitting on us in the first part of the year and LA. So I think it’s clear to say that it’s not that the demand is shifting. It’s really more just the pressure that we’re feeling from the supplier.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess, I would tell you, I kind of opened it up, which is what we thought about kind of next year at the high level for some of those markets. But I would say the momentum for the East Coast markets has been strong, but you’ve got to factor in just like I said, for next year with Boston. We’re starting to see the supply come back on us in Boston, which mean just like the conversation we had in LA, we will experience some pricing pressure that we haven’t had to deal with this year, but the overall demand picture and the overall momentum that we feel on new lease growth and renewal growth is really good in the East Coast markets.
Mark Parrell: Well, I’ll start by saying I don’t think anyone on this call, myself included, is in any position to predict what a politician will do or what the political system will do and how many or elsewhere. So it’s hard to say. I’ve read the same things you read, Alex, and we’re working with our advocates in New York. So what I’d say is I think there needs to be more dialog than maybe there has been so far. And we’re working to do that. I know that the people we have on the ground talk a lot to policy makers, but I’m not sure those channels couldn’t be opened even wider. I do know that there has been some conversations even from the mayor’s office about whether the first stage of rent control is working very well in New York. I think there is already things that make you wonder about whether this is such a great idea. And I would hope the policymakers would take that into account before considering or passing new rules on top of the already onerous regulations passed back in June. So what I hope for the most is to have the industry have a seat at the table for that dialog and that’s what as a member of the industry and as a big owner in New York, we’ll push for.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So I think I said over the course of the next couple of quarters, I think you’ll see us talk more specifically around some of the financial kind of impact from some of these initiatives, I would say, sitting here right now, it’s pretty clear that several of these initiatives combined are ultimately going to create some operating efficiencies in the portfolio. For us the goal of doing all these initiatives has really been around better experiences for our employees and residents and we expect that the efficiencies that we gain on the operation staff that will impact staffing level will really just happen through attrition in the workplace. The initiatives on the sales side of the business are already starting to show time save, definitely offering our customers flexibility and convenience. And on the service side of the business, right now our expectation is that our dependency and reliance on contractors and overtime that we pay out should start to be reduced over time. So I think it’s clear in the next couple of quarters, we’ll start putting some more financial numbers in front of you guys, but over the course of the next couple of years, the operating efficiencies will start to manifest themselves through leveraging this technology.
Mark Parrell: Yes, on the utility side, because you did call that out specifically, we’ve done almost every LED-type lighting project we can do, so some of the low hanging, really all the low hanging fruit is gone. We have a lot of solar installs and some of which are actually going to be pushed into the beginning of next year that we’re going to do in this quarter and the fourth quarter that stuff will benefit us to. But, yes, on the utility side, it’s this sort of the sustainability thought process we have that – we just put a new report out on our ESG efforts. There is a lot in there about it. That’s going to help us on the utility items, but it takes some time to kind of get through the numbers, but again I think we’ve done all the easy stuff and now we’re onto things like solar and co-gen and other things that will save us money and be good for the environment but take a little time to manifest.
Mark Parrell: Yes, I mean we – have a $40 billion portfolio, there is always an asset or two that is becoming obsolete for whatever reason, where the neighborhoods change, the dynamics change, there will always be an asset here or there that need selling, but it isn’t significant. It is like we have this incredible burden where we’re tearing a whole market, we don’t want to own or anything like that, that’s just not the case anymore, and you can evidence that most by seeing our little dilution in this case, in this year none that we have because we are basically buying and selling in the same markets and just buying newer product versus the older. So next year, will we buy more than we sell, we will see and that mostly depends on the competition, it isn’t that we’ve been hesitant to start raising debt by assets. It’s just that we haven’t been able to find enough good product at prices we were willing to pay in order to fire up that acquisition machine. So it’s really more about our spend in the next two or three months, seeing if there is enough in the pipeline for us to really buy in order to to kind of have a net acquisition year in 2020.
Mark Parrell: No, I don’t think the correlation there, I think lifestyle changes of our resident base is really, the probably most significant catalyst to the reduction in turnover, and we’ve proven time and time again that turnover is correlated to resident satisfaction. So as we keep focused on increasing our overall resident satisfaction, we should still continue to see reductions in turnover. How much lower it can go. I don’t know, I would think that it stabilizes here at some point, but I guess that every quarter we continue to inch that down a little bit.
Mark Parrell: Yes, good question. Thank you for that. Michael. So you can see on Page 25 that the amount we spent this year on advocacy is $200,000 versus the number last year that I think approached 5 actually at the end of the day, mostly California related. So there is great variability, it’s like a lawsuit. We sometimes settle a lawsuit and get money, which we then settle a lawsuit and pay money, they’re not important to the core operation of the business.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So what I tell you is we’ll do and we promise to do is be very clear , like we are on Page 25, we’ll tell you what we’re spending, whether it’s in or out of norm FFO will convene our Chief Accounting Officer, our very capable CFO, and our audit committee and we’ll decide what we’re going to do next year, but I agree with you that at some point if you have large recurring every year costs, then they are just part of your business. For us this has been unusual. Last year was, I don’t remember any year like that. And I’ve been at the company for 20 plus years, so that’s when we call out something is when it’s unusual and it was not affecting the run rate of our cash flows.
Mark Parrell: So the way we think about, and I’m going to use rent growth as revenue growth as the kind of biggest thing you are thinking about biggest variable. We have a good sense of what will happen in the next year. We know the markets we’re going into, we know if there is a bunch of supply. We know if the prior owner was running asset well where the rents are too low, maybe they have been, they have, nominally high rents but high concessions. So we understand the existing rent roll in the market and then you’ll get a number that’s very specific as a result of that. So I’m looking for example at our underwriting for Denver and our number for rent growth in year one is slightly negative. And it’s slightly negative because we understand what’s going on in that submarket and we have priced the deal to that. Over the long haul we pick a number that we think is appropriate. We don’t pro forma year that’s going to be negative, even though we know there is one there, just like we don’t perform a year when it’s 6%, even though we know there is going to be one of those. So in the near term, what we do Michael is we really think hard about what’s going on and for the first year or two we feel pretty good about that on revenue growth after that we’re putting an average out there, it’s usually somewhere around 3 and saying to ourselves, there’ll be years where it will be way low on that number, of years we will be way high and this will be a good average. And then we spent a whole bunch of time thinking about the cap rate at the end of the deal, and that’s kind of the thought process that the team has.
Mark Parrell: That we are talking about us specifically being EQR I’d say no, with the thought being that we’re talking about relatively small amounts of money relative to the size of the company. Do I think there is excesses in the sovereign debt market or in with the central banks are doing, I think there’s a lot of people to think that’s true. I mean there’s a lot of interesting and unusual things going on in those markets in the short-term funding market, things like that, but I don’t feel like we’re putting the company in any risk adding several hundreds of million dollars of debt to the balance sheet and adding hundreds of millions dollars of high-quality assets, that feels fine to me.
Mark Parrell: I wonder if some of that isn’t the equity, are you really on the debt, so the debt’s been cheap for a while. This isn’t like a new factor really. I think what really is going on as you got a hard asset class with stable to good operating performance, good demographics that’s easy to understand and we are to some extent a safety, then we are also a substitute for fixed income, I think a lot of people look at apartments and the private side is all over it because they feel all those things. So I think a lot of the positive you see, that may be why development capital is a little less available equity because that is perceived correctly, is ,considerably more risky whereas buying a stabilized asset in a great market at a 4.5% cap rate feels like a good trade not going to turn out bad.
Mark Parrell: Great question. Thank you for that. Yes, we had our regularly scheduled board meeting a few weeks ago and at that meeting, we talked about market allocations and I think you’ve been around a while, so you know in our book we have page usually it’s page 16 of our investor book, where we talk about other markets – our markets and other markets and the relative attractiveness. And the example you gave of Austin, Austin screens particularly well. The issue to date has been that Austin trades as good or better at the moment as some of our other primary markets do and we’re not sure that makes a lot of sense and that IRR is defensible. So would we go into another market, is that possible? Sure, that’s possible. But in the near-term what we are trying to do is do things that makes sense both on the real estate side but are good on the FFO side and the buy – there is an asset that traded recently in Austin – it was a good asset that’s a sub-4 cap rate, I don’t know why that’s a good idea from our perspective. So for us it’s both having these great demand and good supply statistics like Austin has, especially on the demand side, but it’s also just a matter of price, there may be markets we’d like to be, and they’re just not price for our entry as they’re just too expensive. So I can’t give you an exact premium, but there is a cost to us going into a new market because until we have a good enough size. We don’t have as good a coverage. We don’t have the same number of people in that market doing maintenance items for example and oversight. We have people on-site doing their jobs, but just we don’t have an on-site human resources manager for Denver, those sorts of things. There’s travel costs and stuff. And then as you build it out, you have those people on site. So I would tell you that you don’t need to just get to be a market with a little higher cap rate for it to be more compelling.
Mark Parrell: Well, I mean the good news is this team has been here a long time. Some of us are newer to our jobs, but none of us are new to the company. So we know that thought process, we understand it, some of the markets we exited, many of them we are delighted to have exited. We were in Austin, many, many years ago with a very different suburban portfolio and to me that’s an argument like Denver. We didn’t leave the Denver market we left did specific Denver assets we own. So I feel like, if the markets changed, circumstances have changed, and we can explain it to ourselves to the Board and to you, then we go back into that market. And if we can’t, we wouldn’t and nothing will change our minds on that.
Mark Parrell: Well, next year, we will see whether we get to $500 million and it was more of a spend number. So we have existing assets under construction, especially the Alcot deal in Boston that are going to be a significant amount of cash next year as we get closer to completing it. So whether we start exactly $500 million or not, I’m not sure, but we expect to start modestly more development than we have seen this year and last year, but I can tell you it won’t be outside our markets. It’s not a great idea from our point of view to have our first asset in the new market, be a development deal, we would rather buy some stabilized assets, make sure we understand what’s going on and then there is a development opportunity like Denver, we’re open for business to do development for sure in that market, but I don’t expect us to enter a new market by doing development.
Mark Parrell: So it does include a ground lease. But let me give you some statistics. Just bear with me as I find the correct pile here but I gave you a cap rate I believe was about 5.9% cap rate, and that cap rate would go down to a 5.1% if we had bought the land. So going to take that question a different way, imagine we had bought the land, the per unit cost of the land would have been about 100,000 a unit in our estimation. And that would have driven down the yield from 5.9% to 5.1%. So that gives you an idea. We always think about ground leases AS financing tools. So the answer is yes. It’s in our numbers and it’s correctly accounted for as a GAAP matter. But when we think about it at the investment side, we’re thinking about it is a financing and making sure we’re comfortable that if we had bought the land in FY, it’s still a good transaction.
Mark Parrell: Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone sticking with us on the call and we will see you around the conference circuit.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So, this is Michael. So I guess first I just want to call out that I think we’ve talked about before that looking at any of these stats for the stand-alone quarter on new lease change, it’s probably not the best way to think about it, it’s probably more indicative to think over long term of the year, but specific to the quarter. I guess I want to call out what we report on Page 15 in that release is really the impact from all lease terms, meaning regardless of what lease was in place when the resident moved out to the replacement rent, when we tend to when we isolate the leases that were just like term or just 12 month lease to 12 monthly month lease, we see about a 100 basis point improvement in the results for the quarter. So I would say that we started, we understood that we were going to see deceleration. I think I mentioned in on the previous call, but if you look specifically like at LA, LA instead of reporting the negative 20 basis points would have reported 80 basis points if I just isolate it out for the life-term or the 12 to 12 and that would have been a positive. The quarter actually performed pretty consistent with what we expected. We knew we were going to face back half pressure on supply and you can see that in San Diego and you can see that and LA and the areas that we have supply have the most pronounced kind of pressure on that new lease change. As I said in my prepared remarks, I mean Downtown LA actually is going to see a reduction in supply next year. So we would expect some pricing power to return to us there.
Michael Manelis: Yes, I mean so we have a process right where we have boots on the ground kind of validating this stuff, I mean it’s pretty hard right now to think that in most of these markets that anything to get delivered in 2020 that we’re not aware of, as you start to get to the shoulder periods, especially like the Q3, Q4. You could see things shift from what we thought was going to be a completion in 2019 shifting into 2020. We’ve seen that now in LA consistently occurring. So I think as you get to the shoulder periods, it’s normal to see some of this stuff shift. And I think on average we see about 10% to 15% shift, in LA we started seeing it to be a little bit more pronounced like 20%, 25% of the unit shifts. But as far as the total quantity, the process that we go through with our local investment team in the market trying to understand the competitive nature of supply in our competitive marketplace, the deals don’t kind of come and go.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So it’s interesting. So at the back door, meaning people leaving us and giving us forwarding addresses to Oakland. We see very little of that activity. Less than 2% of our kind of move-outs give us that forwarding address, but you can look at the Oakland assets that are coming online right now, and they are performing well, their concessions are reasonable than what you would expect from a lease-up. So they are probably siphoning off some demand on the front door right now.
Michael Manelis: Yes, so just to make sure I understood the question, kind of what’s driving the utility cost in the quarter and year-to-date, and that’s mostly, it’s been pretty self-contained in the gas and electric component, most of the increase, we are slightly higher in the third quarter, was coming from some garbage and trash-related expenses, which is predominantly from the West Coast, from a couple of markets in the West Coast.
Michael Manelis: Yes, I think, look, some of the, some of the initiatives around the smart home technology or even smart thermostats being put in the unit can help reduce some of the vacant electric cost associated with it. But those aren’t significant dollars for us that are going to really equate to anything meaningful for us to be talking about.
