Michael Manelis: Steve, this is Michael. So yes, you are thinking about it correct. When you look at the October new lease spreads and you drill into Seattle, San Francisco, and I kind of put the expansion markets in there as well, they are running in the new lease change rate in the high negative single digits. If you drilled into San Francisco and Seattle, I'll tell you about 400 basis points of that is driven from the increased concession use. So, you can almost look at that negative 8%, negative 9%, split it in half, and say half is from increased concession use. The other half is from rate.  Some of that rate decline is really a function of who moved out, when did they move in, but the rates are down about 2%, 2.5% in those markets on a year-over-year basis. And if we drilled in even deeper into there, it is heavily concentrated into those urban cores of both Seattle and San Francisco. But as I said in the prepared remarks, the suburbs aren't completely immune from it. When you went around San Francisco, we are using some concessions on the East Bay concentrated in Alameda. But when you look at the value of the concessions, we're up at like six weeks, call it, 55% of the applications receiving six weeks in Seattle and San Francisco, which is very different than what you see in the suburbs, which are running less than a month.
Michael Manelis: Eric, this is Michael. So yes, the 80 basis points that we included in the management presentation, the snapshot as of October 15, and we're just giving you the historical context. So that number will kind of decelerate a little bit as you get towards the end of the year. But there's nothing that suggests that right now, we don't expect our loss to lease to be in a relatively normal place to start the year. In terms of how you fold that into the blended assumptions for next year, I'm going to kind of stay away from giving any specific guidance on '24. I think what I would look at is the hardest part of the piece right now is for us is that intraperiod growth rate. What are you going to layer in by market? And we're in the very early stages of this budget process that includes both a top-down and bottom-up approach. But I could tell you that we do expect like Seattle and the expansion markets to be pressured from new supply. We continue to see and expect the strength in the East Coast markets, and we'll model some solid growth in Southern California, driven in part by the improvements in delinquency that we just talked about. San Francisco has potential, but I think you could tell from the prepared remarks, we're going to need to see a few consecutive quarters of improving fundamentals like before we adjust the somewhat muted current expectations for next year. But if you really put all those factors together, you look at where that embedded range is, you think about loss to lease being in a relatively normal. You hold in the intra-period comments that I just gave you, it really does still put you in a place where we expect to see solid growth next year.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Haendel, this is Michael. So yes, just to give you like some historical context. So, when we say historical norms, I'm really just looking at like 2017, 2018, 2019. And to give you -- in new lease change would typically in the month of October, be like a negative 1.5% to 2%. November goes down to like a negative 3% to a negative 4% and December would be like a negative 4% or negative 5%. So right now, you're seeing we're putting up a number in October, that's a negative 3.1% because of the inclusion of San Francisco and Seattle and really the pronounced concession use that we have going on in those markets. So, as you think about the fourth quarter for us, I think our new lease change for the full quarter is going to be somewhere around a negative 4% but if you go all the way to the month of December, given what we're seeing, I don't know why we won't be a negative 5% or even slightly above that negative 5% in that spot month. But for the quarter itself, I would put new lease change somewhere around that close to negative 4%. Renewals have been really stable for us and really have been doing better than what we thought. We will hold somewhere right around that 5% net effective change on achieved renewal increases. And when you put those two factors together, that's going to give you a blended somewhere around 1.25% give or take, 10 basis points either way.
Michael Manelis: So, look, I mean we're running high single digits right now. I think San Francisco stays kind of at that level. And I think a little bit has to do with if you back up and think about what were we doing in the fourth quarter this time last year, we did have concessions in play in Seattle. So, we were like a minus 6% new lease change in the fourth quarter of last year. So, I would tell you, maybe we kind of just hold the line in this high single digit for the balance of the year in those markets.
Michael Manelis: Josh, this is Michael. I think I would back you up a little bit and say it's probably like that third week in September. And again, you're hitting a period of time which you see seasonal softening. So, it is not uncommon to see demand start to soften. And what we saw in that kind of later part of September specifically in the San Francisco and Seattle market, as things were trailing off, you clearly saw a market react very quickly with concessions increasing and rates coming down to basically get enough demand to hold occupancies. And that has manifested itself throughout the month of October with continuing deceleration, but it's not like the deceleration has been even more rapid through October. I would tell you it's kind of been at this level now for a while, but we do expect rates to keep decelerating a little bit. But the demand right now in those markets needs to be stronger in order to stop the deceleration rate. And we're just -- we don't have anything that would suggest that we should model that way right now.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Michael, this is Michael. So, we are negotiating a little bit more, but again, that's not uncommon to do in the fourth quarter of any year. We have quotes out for the next 90 days. I think our residents are clearly aware of what's happening in the marketplace. You definitely have kind of more conversations being -- taking place within our centralized renewal team. We're negotiating. We have quotes out somewhere in that kind of mid-7% range, and we expect to achieve somewhere around the 5%, maybe it's like low 7s to mid-7 depending on the month that we have out there. But we have a lot of confidence that the spread you're seeing is not uncommon to see in the fourth quarter. If new lease rates typically go negative, our renewals typically hold up in that 4% to 5% range. So, I don't really see anything that suggests that the spread is not going to continue as we see it. And then as we turn the year, again, it's really more of a function of what happens with intra-period rate growth. But as you start the year off, you'll see us start tightening up some of the renewal negotiations, but we expect a lot of stability on that renewal front. And what we're still trying to figure out is how to peg that new lease change assumption for the year.
Michael Manelis: But I want to interject one thing because there are a couple of development deals we're looking at now that we like, that are in markets in the Northeast. And the thing that really distinguishes them is the really hard places to buy. So, we look at these assets, they have the benefit of having certain zoning and electrical codes and other things that are beneficial. It might be to start that deal or start one or two of these deals, but we're being super selective. We haven't started anything this year. But we do have instances like that where there's an opportunity to build somewhere that you really can't buy in and where we like that exposure where we might be willing to move forward even if it isn't really high 6%, mid-6% return, but the return and the sort of overall IRR in the long haul makes some sense. So yet to come on that, but I do want to put that out there.
Michael Manelis: John, this is Michael. So, I think last quarter, what you heard us speaking to is with Amazon's return to the office mandate, you did see South Lake Union's occupancy tick up. You saw the demand pick up. It wasn't in migration from outside the MSA, it was just pulling people back in from further out within the MSA into that specific area. And in South Lake Union, we did have some new lease-ups. Those lease-ups did feel like they were getting kind of their application volume through. So, you saw concession use really kind of pull back a little bit or stay stable. So, the pressure we felt was a little bit less in that specific area. If you fast forward into next year, Seattle is going to have elevated supply, and that supply is going to be concentrated in the city of Seattle, and we are going to feel that specifically in like a micro submarket of like Downtown Redmond where we happen to have six properties, five of which are really a product that will compete head-to-head with that supply. So, in terms of like how to think about when that pressure is coming to us next year, I don't have the breakout for the new leasing stats by quarter. But I do know that it's not like Q1 is not when we're expecting to feel it. I think we have a little bit of a ramp-up period, but we do expect outside pressure in that market.
Michael Manelis: Rich, this is Michael. I don't have that in front of me right now, but I can tell you that it clearly steps up and it's got to be in the positive 1% or 2% range because it's just going to keep sequentially building as you turn the corner into the year.
Michael Manelis: I don't have that specific number by month outside of this fourth quarter. But I'd be surprised if it's not up near that 1% or greater number.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Rich, this is Michael. So, I guess I can just answer a little bit on that and tell you, as an industry, it is exciting. Mark mentioned a little bit around the data and analytics. But what you're seeing within our industry is there is a lot more available data around this. There are new kind of screening tools that are coming to the market, screening processes that do leverage kind of different data points than conventionally the industry has looked at. There's clearly identity verification tools that are coming into play, not only for the touring side, but the application side. And you're starting to see more and more of this alternative security deposit kind of programs come into play. I think all of these things together in the blender actually do help start mitigating some of what I would characterize as fraud or bad actors in the system.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Adam, this is Michael. I think right now, we put the range out there because it is hard to move that number much more than 10 basis points. And it is our assumption as to where do we land on 12/31. So, you start 1/1, what does that rent roll look like? And what is the embedded growth from the leases that you have in place. Typically, we wouldn't really give a range, we'd give a number, but you do have some volatility sitting out there right now, not on kind of the renewal front, the growth that we're going to get from renewals feel pretty stable. But you could see concessions tick up. You could see rates decelerate a little bit more or the inverse. You could see things pull back a little bit. And that's why we're giving you that 10 basis point spread. The midpoint of our guidance is PEG at the 1.4% which is the middle of that embedded growth.
Alexander Brackenridge: Steve, it's Alex. So, it seemed like over the summer, things were settling down to, say, 5.25%, maybe even a 5.5% cap. The last 60 days have changed that a lot. With the spike in the tenure, it's really uncertain what the market is doing right now. So, you hear about transactions closing, but those reflect pricing from the summer, not from right now. So, we're all feeling it out. So, there are properties -- limited number of properties on the market. No one knows exactly what cap rate reflects what the seller is willing to give up and what a buyer thinks is appropriate returns. So, it's definitely upward pressure on cap rates. We're pricing things all the time. As we've talked about on past calls, we look hard at replacement costs, and there might be compelling activity.  And we just think there's going to be more and more pressure to sell over time where people are going to have to accept a new reality, particularly in these high supply markets, particularly people have exposure to caps or debt that's maturing and that there'll be more activity as the market kind of settles down over the next six months to nine months or so.
Alexander Brackenridge: Haendel, it's Alex. We actually have a lease in place already. So, we're very excited about it. It's going to be a good user. It's going to be a great amenity for our residents and for the neighborhood. So, it's a matter of getting them into the space, and that's going to take a little bit of time through next year, six months or so and then they'll be in place.
Alexander Brackenridge: Josh, it's Alex. Yes, you're right. It did go up, but it went up for a variety of reasons that I'll go through, not related to shifting expenses into capital. It's really related to starting the year thinking that spending capital on our portfolio was a more compelling use of capital than acquisitions or development. And we had a big budget. I always handicapped the budget a little bit because things generally take a little longer its construction, things go wrong, contractors, misstates and through the first half of the year, we are right on track for that. We actually had a very productive summer, and so we ended up doing more work than I thought we would do. So, it's partially that. It's also -- we added in some ROI projects, specifically some solar panel installations that have a great return that weren't available to us until the middle of the year. And we did have some storm damage that carried through into the third quarter. And on top of that, we've had some smart rent installations that we've accelerated that added on top of that. So, we expect that next year, we'll be back more in a normalized spend rate. And again, it doesn't relate to any accounting changes.
Alexander Brackenridge: Yes. And I think -- it's Alex. With the 10-year in the high 4s, you think cap rates have got to be in the high 5s. And you think that development yields have got to be mid-6s or high 6s. So, the challenge right now is just getting a project to underwrite with that hurdle. Construction costs are not going up like they used to, but they're not going dramatically down and rents are not booming. So, it's very hard to get to a number that underwrites and Toll understands that and so do our other potential partners and ourselves as we look at projects we might do on our own or with partners, it just very, very difficult to make the numbers work.
Alexander Brackenridge: Jamie, it's Alex. We're open to anything. The bigger is great for us. If the pricing makes sense and if the locations and the quality of the assets are good enough. And that's generally been the challenge with some of the portfolios we've seen over the last couple of years is that the mix of properties and locations just aren't compelling enough. So, we have been targeting one-offs, and we'll do that as well. But something big comes up, we'll certainly pursue it. But in the meantime, there's going to be a lot of product coming to the market at some point. And we really primed up for that, and we're excited to take advantage of that opportunity.
Robert Garechana: Yes. Eric, it's Bob. So, had it kind of progressed as fast as what we would have thought instead of having, call it, a 1.27% in the third quarter, we probably would have been about 10 basis points ahead of that and would have trended closer? So, the trajectory that we were hopeful that we were going to get to. And what we're just seeing, as Mark mentioned and Michael also mentioned in their prepared remarks is that it's just taking longer, right? And so, as the residents are staying longer with us as they go through the process, we're incurring more bad debt overall. We do have excellent transparency and excellent visibility into who's where in the cycle. So, who's where in terms of where they are in court cases, who's awaiting lockouts and all of that stuff, but we don't have great visibility into when exactly those proceedings are going to occur. As Michael mentioned in his prepared remarks, going forward, we do expect that at some point, this will accelerate because the backlog from the pandemic era will be worked through, and that we, at some point, will be able to get back to that 50 basis points, particularly given the fact that the credit quality of our customer hasn't changed, but it's harder to swag where we're going to end up on a full year basis.
Robert Garechana: Yes. And Haendel, from a P&L standpoint, as Alex mentioned, there's two things that will go on to determine the P&L is just how fast those folks get in place, the new lease because that's when we'll start recognizing the revenue for them in 2024 and what that impact is relative to the write -- we had the write-off which you're not going to have again in our base year in 2023. So those two pieces in that rate of growth. But I would expect -- in all likelihood, it will be relatively flat because you had the impact in '23 of the $1.5 million write-off.
Robert Garechana: Yes. I'll start and maybe Michael can augment, if you will. So, I think if I understand your question right, you're kind of looking at the pricing trend looking at the spread between the lines, and saying, like, how does that square with my new lease change? And I guess I would tell you to start on your new lease change. There is a lot of noise around mix, and we do all terms. So, we report all terms in our new lease change. So that means that you could have had a lease that was signed in August that was for -- at a premium rent that was for three months reset in October. And therefore, you're going to have a much bigger change than what would be reflected if you just looked at those lines and said, everybody is on a 12-month lease, everybody's on a year-over-year basis, and that does create a decent amount of noise. If you look and dig into the numbers, there. You also have some level of -- even though these are small as a percentage of total, meaning most of our leases are 12 months, there's enough noise in there and enough volatility in the transaction base to not make that comparison kind of apples-to-apples. What we do think is really helpful for the price -- in pricing trend and why we present it is just to look at the overall kind of directionality of where prices are going and where they are relative to seasonal trends overall. So, I would say the pricing trend is best suited for a directional viewpoint and the new lease change is really what's going into the revenue line and it's really what's supporting your GRP and your revenue overall.
Mark Parrell: And Eric, it's Mark. Just to add to that. We certainly hope 50 basis points is where we end up. But I would say that the fact that in some of these markets, the process has been maybe more permanently elongated because of either right to counsel and funded rights to counsel in some of our markets and just general, more bureaucratic effort required to get through it, you may have folks, and that's what Michael was alluding to in his remarks, we aren't seeing more delinquency with our new residents. We're seeing what I'll call the normal amount. But usually, they'd be out in a month or two.  And now it's just taking longer, and that means they're going to hit our bad debt reserve. They're still leaving. But I just think again, we feel like the credit quality has not changed from all we can see, but the underlying bureaucratic process and regulatory environment has and it may be that we end up pointing to something modestly higher than 50 basis points going forward, again, not because the customer changed but more because the process did.
Mark Parrell: John, it's Mark. I'll start with that. I mean we have been matched funding that. So, this year, it was a pretty modest year for us, $350-odd million of buys and sells. And frankly, we have paused our acquisition activity. The deals you saw closed, they priced really in the early second quarter, and one of them went through a long assumption -- loan assumption process and the other one had a lease-up and an elongated close process. So, we really aren't buying anything right now.  What you see out there in the release is really that tail activity. We may expose a few more assets for sale. We're always doing that, trying to figure out where that market is. And continue to execute on the strategy of moving the capital around. But before we commit to your point to buy assets at this price, we're going to sort of let market settle out a bit or look for an opportunity to just obviously very good.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks, John. So, I'll give a little color on that. I'm not going to be able to be terribly specific because it is pending litigation and giving you a range is something I'm just not able to do. But we are the only ones facing these sorts of issues, both public and private competitors of ours in Northern New Jersey have these litigation concerns. In our case, the particular matter you're talking about in Jersey City, there was a ruling in our favor actually a year ago that these properties, these two towers were exempt from rent control by an administrative entity that administers these rent rules.  The decision that was announced a couple of weeks ago was by a politically appointed Board that overruled the bureau's original decision here and we completely disagree with that. And we're going to go and litigate that in the courts and have our say there and try not to talk about it too much in the press, except to say, again, we think whether it's in Northern New Jersey or elsewhere in the portfolio, we follow the rules of the road. We feel like we comply with, whether it's rental control rules or notice rules or whatever they may be in all these markets, those rules are complex. They're ever-changing. We've got a great legal team, a great operations team that follows up on all that. So, I don't have any sense of an overhanging doom, but I think this is another sign of just political pressure that's manifesting itself in litigation in some of these markets rather than in just going through the process of trying to influence your public officials to change the rental rules.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Alex. I go up a level and say political risk. So, when you look at these markets, it's more about us managing political risk in these markets and our feelings about regulatory matters. In New Jersey, I think, is a market. We are rational capital allocators that is probably disqualified itself from material additional investment by us in terms of development or new asset acquisitions because some of these regulatory things are coming out of left field. They're really not the result of incentives, these particular ones, incentives on construction. What was done is these were placed in a state where for a number of years, they were exempt from local existing rent control rules. And that's what this whole discussion is about. It's not about sort of a 421-A type question, just to be clear, but I get your point. For example, in Atlanta, almost everything built there has a tax incentive. That tax incentive is really well understood. We priced it in there at the beginning. We understand the cap rate and we understand what happens at the end of the deal in terms of the incentive going away 10 years in or whatnot. So I guess it's more of an indicator of these different lawsuits of political risk and places that I think for us and for others, will be less attractive to allocate development capital or acquisition capital and places like Atlanta where you feel more comfortable with political risk, and it's just really an underwriting exercise to price the tax benefit in the deal that the city did with good reason to try and encourage affordable housing in that market or at least buildings that have affordable components.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks. Great question. So, I'm going to start by saying the Sunbelt definitely will have a lot less supply in three years, but it doesn't mean there will never be more supply again. I mean it's proven every bit of the cycle, that happens again. So, I want to speak to San Francisco, and it's merit Seattle real quick and then sum it up here. But we've got to have a little longer-term perspective for us because we're long-term investors in these markets. So, a little background on San Francisco. I know you've been around the real estate world a long time.  This is probably the best-performing large market in terms of rent growth in the country over long periods of time. It's got the high housing costs we want, it's got these big barriers to supply. It's got often explosive high wage job growth. And it's historically been a super desirable place for our resident demographic to live, but lately, I admit a little less so. Prop 13 also helps us limit those real estate tax increases, and that's our biggest expense. So, there's -- the framing in that market is very good.  But it is a volatile market. And that's part of why we've been saying since 2018, we wanted to lower exposure. But you get paid for the volatility. So, for example, post-GFC, EQR same-store revenues in San Francisco, they were down over 2% each year for two years in a row. So, we got hammered a little bit there. But for the next five years, on average, our same-store revenue was up 9% a year. I think our shareholders got paid back for taking that risk and volatility. I think the conditions in the job market in San Francisco can improve pretty rapidly. It certainly -- along with Redmond, Washington, the center of the artificial intelligence employment boom that we hope is coming but I will fully concede there's an elongated recovery going out in San Francisco. And this management team is responsible. If it's responsible for anything, it's responsible for being optimistic. And some of the things we saw in the middle of the year in that market made us feel like that recovery was coming right now. We still have faith that will come. But in terms of capital allocation, we're going to lighten the load downtown. We've said that. We have been selling in that market. We even sold this quarter so far, an asset in San Francisco, but we like that exposure to the tech industry there. We still think it's the tech capital of the world. And the argument on Seattle is not a lot different. I mean it has been a strong performer over time. Again, when we look back on that market, we were down, gosh, 4% on average for two years in 2009 and 2010 after the GFC. And then we're up 6% or more for five years after that. So again, you get paid for your volatility. Seattle is a place where our balance is a little off where we have been saying and we have been moving assets and capital out of downtown and into the suburbs and you'll see us continue to do that but we like that market. So, I believe -- I think the management team and the Board believes in those markets. I think we are a little overexposed to San Francisco. We've been forward about that. A little exposed to the downtown areas. But longer term, we think that's where this demographic of high-wage earners who aren't going to lose their jobs because AI aren't going to lose their jobs because automation are going to get the biggest pay increases, can handle all this inflation risk. That's what we think these people are, so that's where we're headed with our capital. But I'm as impatient as you are to see those markets improve.
Mark Parrell: Well, I appreciate the question, Haendel, it's Mark, but we can't answer that with any specificity. We -- just sort of sharing what we know at this time, we're in the middle of the budget process, which is both top-down and bottoms up. In places like Seattle and the expansion markets supply and close in proximate supply is going to matter. Other places we're looking at job forecasts and how well occupied we are. So, I think that's just news yet to be written.
Mark Parrell: I'm going to split that in half and talk about Toll. It's Mark and I'm going to ask Alex to speak to our required hurdle rates on development. So, we have a great relationship with the folks at Toll. They see the same thing we do, that there's a need to moderate development in some of these markets. We have three deals delivering. One of them, we move forward a couple of quarters. I mean their -- Toll is everything we thought they were. They're an expert developer builder. They're doing a great job. Obviously, we're going to face those same supply issues in Dallas that everybody else is when these 3 assets get up and running. So, I'm not sure why we delay anything. I'm getting the asset up and running getting heads and beds, getting income, that's in our in the shareholders' best interest. So that's what we'll do. And we're just -- we're assuming that starting at the beginning of next year, middle of next year, we'll have all three of those development deals in the lease-up process. And we'll report back. But I wouldn't delay any of those. If you're talking about other starts with Toll and anyone else, that goes more to Alex response on hurdle rates.
Mark Parrell: Just to add, I mean, in 2021, the last time the market was open full blast, I mean, Alex bought and his team, more than $1.7 billion of assets, almost entirely in those expansion markets and a little bit in suburbs of Seattle and Boston. So, we are capable of hitting a lot of singles and scoring a lot of runs by doing that. So, we're happy to acquire in small dribs and drabs if that gets us to our goal. But as Alex said, we're open to portfolios, but they just need to make some sense. And a lot of what we've seen, you're getting three things you like and two you don't, you're not really ahead of the game.
Mark Parrell: You guess it right. I can't say very much. That just kind of came over the wire to us, too. We are unfortunately in a very good company with a lot of our public and private competitors are in that suit as well. So again, we haven't analyzed it. We haven't even been served to our knowledge. So, it's hard for me to have any real comment except to say it's not uncommon to have copycat lawsuits filed by other members of the plaintiffs’ bar or by the states and the District of Columbia when you have a lawsuit like the antitrust case that's being litigated in Tennessee and Federal Court that's out there and gets publicity. I'm not sure it's a new risk. It's the same risk in a different place. And again, let us analyze it, and if it's appropriate to comment further, we will.
Mark Parrell: Rich, it's Mark. I'm trying to answer that. I mean there are tons of rules about who you can and can't rent to. And California, as you sort of implied, as more rules than most, and we're certainly going to comply meticulously with all of those rules. But this is, again, an issue when you create this regulatory framework where delinquency is more expensive, you do motivate us, and we are using our data analytics tools and other means to try and determine whether our credit standards should be raised even further because now the marginal cost of delinquency, which is what your question was getting at, is higher. So, we need to decide whether instead of, call it, three times income to rent, we need 3.5. But we need to do that thoughtfully. We need to do that in a way that doesn't completely tank occupancy. So again, we're rational actors like all the operators are in that market. And we have the advantage of having a great team and a lot of good analytics, but we'll certainly comply with the law, but we're going to look really hard at is there a different cutoff, but there is no group of bad actors. There's not like some particular percentage that's causing this problem. It's more that the processing of delinquencies takes longer. So therefore, just the normal delinquency is in the building three months instead of two. And so now I have one extra month, that's real money, what do we do to address that? Maybe nothing, but maybe it is a change, too. But I think are already pretty stringent credit standards. And so, we'll see where we go with that.
Mark Parrell: Thanks, Jennifer. I want to thank everyone for their time and interest in Equity Residential today, and look forward to seeing everyone on the conference circuit over the next few weeks. Thank you.
