Michael Manelis: Yes. Hey, John, this is Michael. So I think the way to think about renewals is, first and foremost, we have a pretty difficult comp period in front of us with Q1 and Q2. And then as you turn that corner, you would expect performance and renewals to start turning positive.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So Nick, this is Michael. So really, we are not seeing any kind of material shifts when we look at those applications. So we’ve looked at kind of rent as a percent of income. The portfolio has always averaged somewhere right around 19% for those move-ins in the fourth quarter, we were also right at 19%. What we did see a little bit happen is the range that we used to see as rent as a percent of income, used to be from 17% to 23%, with Seattle being the low at 17% and San Diego being the high at 23%. That range has expanded a little bit to 16% and 24%, but it’s really a marginal shift in this stuff. So, from the demographic side no change in the average age of applicants coming in. The income, I guess, I would tell you, when you look at New York, you have got some affordability opportunities right now. So you’re seeing average incomes coming down for applications in New York, but it’s still well over $220,000 a year, and the ratio is still at like 18.5%. So actually, everything we have looked at right now would suggest that all of our new applicants and all of our new residents coming in, from an affordability, from a demographic standpoint, really kind of demonstrate their ability to pay as the markets start to reaccelerate and stay with us.
Michael Manelis: So Rich, this is Michael. I will just start off and say, just overall, when we have looked at the percent of residents moving to buy homes, again, this is one of those sets we really have not seen a difference. At a portfolio level, we’re running just over 12.5% of residents moving out. When you go specific to New York, we really haven’t seen any material change on that front at all. It’s actually declined a little bit in the fourth quarter. So I think relative to our assumptions as we move forward, I think you heard in my prepared remarks, we’re starting to see some improvement in the percent of residents renewing. So for the portfolio, we are expecting to be up at 54%. New York is still one of those markets that we are off – we are off what is normal for that market. So we’re still sitting below 50%, and we should be up above 60%. And so I think our modeling and our assumptions going forward is that we start to see a little bit of improvement in our ability to retain those residents, but nothing specific to them, more of them moving out to go buy homes.
Michael Manelis: So I think, first of all, those – like that’s just the anecdotal statements that’s coming to us. So the quantity is small, right? But every week, we’re on the phone with our on-site teams, and we’re just trying to get some color around the applications and where they were coming from. When we see the inflows, which is new applicants for San Francisco, 87% of all of our applications are coming to us from within the state of California, and 70% are coming from within that MSA. Both of these numbers are up about 10 points each. So you’re still seeing that elevated kind of activity, which to us, is still that deal seeker, right? They’re coming in, they’re taking advantage of that price. So from the out migration in, those states, where people have left and are coming back, it’s just starting to trickle in. It hasn’t really manifested itself into a large enough percentage change. But I think the positive is, is that we haven’t heard any of that for months. And now we’re just now starting to hear that.
Michael Manelis: This is base rent, but it includes – it’s a net effective. So it includes the impact of the concession. So basically, if you scraped our website and you looked at every single one of our units, what we’d be charging, it’s the rent, the amenity, rent – amenitized rent and the impact of that concession.
Michael Manelis: Yes. Alex, this is Michael. So right now, we’ve just started issuing April renewal offers out there. So it’s hard to get kind of that indicator from residents. I will tell you, in the prepared remarks, you could see, I think we’re going to be moving from the 52% that we were in January, up to 54%, maybe even 55%, as you work your way through February and March. At this time, I don’t expect like the April and Mays to do anything materially different. I’m optimistic that we’re going to get back into the 60% retention rate, but you got to remember, at the onset of the pandemic, we had a lot of residents choose to renew with us that drove that kind of number up. So I think we should expect this kind of gradual improvement in retention. And I think the improvement that you’re seeing is really systemic across all the markets. But again, I have the most improvement to gain or the most area to make up in San Francisco and New York. And I think at this point, it’s too early to understand May, June and July kind of timeframes.
Michael Manelis: Yes. I think I would just give a little bit of context. So normally, you’re right, we run about 20% of the volume in Q1, 30% in Q2, 30% in Q3, and then it falls back to about 20% in Q4. The actual, the velocity and the strength of the leasing season that we had in Q3 and Q4 of 2020 has actually shifted this profile a little bit, and put us now for 35% of our leases expiring in the third quarter of 21% and 22% in the fourth quarter. So I actually view this as a little bit of a positive that we shifted some of these expirations to be back-half loaded, which gives us more time to even recover some of this rate and then get through those leases.
Michael Manelis: And the other thing, the number is useful for, Nick, is you’ve got checking and the investors now got checking our guidance. So when people try and understand that, to understand where they gain the leases, gives you some idea of where our starting point is and what we need to make up during the course of the year.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So I’ll just start at the top and just say, so right now, when you think about the natural shifts that happened between the fourth quarter into the first quarter. When we look at supply for ‘20 and ‘21, we think the overall numbers is going to be relatively the same. I think you picked up in my prepared remarks, San Francisco is elevated, and a lot of that is the concentration sitting in South Bay. When you look at markets like New York, it’s really nonexistent in Manhattan from a competitive landscape against us. And we have a little bit in the Hudson Waterfront. So, when we think about supply, we are looking at these numbers in totality, but we really go granular. We go down to an individual asset, and we’re looking at what new deliveries are coming at us or what existing deliveries are still kind of working their way through their lease-up process. And what pressure do we think that, that’s going to have on us in terms of performance as we work our way through the year. So it’s a very granular process. And I think when we roll it all up, right now, you’ve got – you still have a lot of supply coming at you in D.C., so another 12,000 units being delivered. The question there is really just the ability for the market to absorb that supply. From a competitive standpoint, I really stand back and just say the South Bay and San Francisco and a little bit in the Peninsula is going to have a little bit more pressure on us than we have felt in the past.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks, John. So, in terms of values and let’s focus for just a moment on the hardest hit markets of New York and San Francisco. I start by saying there has just been very little – and you know there is very little volume, much, much less. In fact, we can sort of name the deals, the Chief Investment Officer and I that have closed. The ones that have closed, and there’s one in Union Square in New York that closed right about what pre-pandemic values would have been. So that’s an asset that I think was about $1,200 a foot, $900,000 a unit, at like a 3.6% tax cap rate – excuse me, very much value would have traded at before the pandemic, but it’s just one deal. And I don’t have a lot of others. In San Francisco, there is certainly been some stuff traded, smaller deals. I would say we’re probably down 10% or so on value in San Francisco and New York. We are starting to hear from people who want to acquire assets from us in those markets. The thought being, they will ride the recovery up. We get that, and we probably – our sellers, as I implied in my remarks in those markets to some extent. Remember, we still have those 421a assets in New York that have the big tax increases. We have a big concentration in the city of San Francisco. But for us to sell much below the pre-pandemic value, it doesn’t make a lot of sense because we believe in the recovery in those markets. So we think revenues are going up pretty sharply, especially in the second half of this year and into ‘22. And the idea that we would sell at a big discount doesn’t make sense to me, but I think you will see us start to be more active sellers in those two places. Other places like Seattle, particularly has had a spade of sales, including a pretty large one in Bellevue, at very good pricing at pre-pandemic value or maybe even better, obviously, lower cap rates because NOI is down. So Seattle has had some strong numbers. DC too, a lot of suburban stuffs traded or a fair number of suburban things have traded. So we see that as market is holding up. I haven’t seen a lot of urban stuff traded. There is some rules in DC that have come in the force that make it hard in a district to sell assets right now. So I will pause there and I hope that’s responsive.
Mark Parrell: Well, we all are able to boil it down to the math, but there is a lot more to it than that. I – again, we have seen deals we have underwritten, for example in Denver lately that are 7 un-levered IRR deals, maybe even some high 6s. A lot of stuff we are selling might be 1% lower than that. But of course, the assumptions matter a lot and how do you think about your recovery in rents, which is so hard to peg as you know. So, we do think that what matters in moving our capital around is ending up in the place that risk-adjusted is best. And in some cases, some of the markets also have more political risk, other markets have more supply risk, and we just got to balance that out. So there we do see, obviously, a higher IRR in the stuff we are buying than the stuff we are selling. But a lot of stuff we are selling is interesting to the buyers because they are levering it up or they have got a renovation play or some other way they are juicing their IRR that we either don’t believe in or can’t underwrite. So, I guess that’s how I would answer. It’s kind of not as mathematical as just maybe it’s 1% better.
Mark Parrell: And Rich, it’s Mark. Just to support Michael’s comment. There isn’t anything expressly in our guidance about increasing home purchases. Home portfolio was kind of designed not to have a lot of concerns about people moving out to buy homes. And as far as we can tell, that continues to be the case historically. Going forward, a lot of the renewals that Michael is thinking about now and a lot of these people that could elect to buy a home, these were people that renewed with us or least initially with us in the pandemic, I mean we are rolling into a period where everyone would have leased with us knowing what the situation was in New York and especially in March, April and May when it was particularly dire. So I would have thought that if they really were thinking home buying was absolutely at the top of their list, or disproportionately our population of renters thought that they already would have been in the suburbs. They already would have rented there in the hopes of buying. So I’m guessing the homebuilding, home buying boom in the Tri-State area is not actually going to matter very much to us.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So, I think it’s a great question. And I think as we think about the forwarding address for residents that are leaving us, we still see a little bit of an elevated number in those that are leaving urban submarkets to go to suburban submarkets. When we think about our own suburban portfolio, I think a lot of what you’re seeing right now, in the management presentation, a lot of that is just normal seasonality as to how the markets actually would react. And I think what we’re seeing is we had strong demand, we maintained good occupancy throughout the year, and I think we’re going to continue to do that with stability and start pushing rate and try to recover as much of the rate as we can in the suburban submarkets.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So in the fourth quarter, the lease breaks is still elevated kind of on a year-over-year basis. But we are starting to see kind of that percent and the numbers start coming back into norms. I think we peaked up in September at like 36%, and the fourth quarter is now kind of gradually coming back down. We’d expect this number. I think we’re at like 25%, we’d expect this to be coming at somewhere around 20%.
Mark Parrell: Yes, so about 10% of our residents have children living with them. We haven’t seen a change in that trend. And part of that is, I mean, our portfolio hasn’t changed. It still has a limited number of 3-bedroom units. It’s – there’s a fair number of one-bedrooms and studios. So I wouldn’t expect that, Amanda, to change very much just because again, our portfolio is more suited to couples and a few roommate situations and some families, certainly, but it’s just – it is like we added 3-bedroom units to the portfolio to make it more family-friendly in the last couple of quarters.
Mark Parrell: Great. Thanks for those questions, John. So, there is a surface inconsistency there. I mean what our overall strategic goal is, as I said, is to just have a growing and steadily growing dividend and cash flow of the business. And to do that, the management team, even before the pandemic and the Board, had decided that we were going to spread our capital again, into these dense suburban areas around our urban centers, while still maintaining a significant urban center presence and into a few new markets or renewed markets in the case of Denver. So that was the plan. We do think there’s going to be a pretty good recovery in these urban centers, and we think 1 of 2 things is going to happen. We’re either going to be able to sell those assets now with the buyer understanding that they’re going to need to pay close to – close or at pre-pandemic value because they’re almost certain, in our opinion, at least to obtain a pretty good increase in revenue over the next couple of years, or we are going to wait and our shareholders who have suffered with the downside of the reduction in the urban centers will get that benefit.  And then we’ll sell a few of those assets later. So, it’s not that we don’t believe in the urban centers, we’ll stay over-weighted to them, but not this over-weighted. And in terms of exact numbers, we have 9 significant buildings in the city of San Francisco. That’s probably more than we need to have, but exactly how many should leave or go, I’m not sure. On the other hand, we did buy assets in the Bay Area. And we’re thinking about developing a couple of deals. They’re just more Peninsula or East Bay or just sort of spreading the capital out. You saw our development deal, John, that’s sitting on the island just outside of Oakland. So you should just sort of expect a decline in the city of San Francisco and overall, California, just again, because of the concentrated political risk there. I don’t have an order of magnitude to give you, but that’s a source.  And New York composed predominantly at Brooklyn and Manhattan. Again, we have significant number, approaching 30 buildings in that area and to get rid of a few of those buildings at the right price. We are looking at a development deal in the tri-state area, we’ve acquired in Jersey City over the last year or two. So, it’s not like we are not interested in staying invested in the area. It’s just spreading the money out a little bit. So, I guess I’d have you stay tuned for the exact numbers, but you should expect a lessening in California, specifically the city of San Francisco and a lessening in New York provided pricing makes sense and an increase in a place like Denver and in some of these suburban places as well as maybe another couple of markets.
Mark Parrell: No. I think they’re spreading out more. I think new places are urbanizing. I think New York will continue to be a great urban center and San Francisco will eventually recover. But I think places like Denver now have an urban center. It’s not as dense as it needs to be, but it’s attractive, and we have 3 buildings in Downtown Denver, and those are well occupied. So I guess I’d say, I think the trend towards urbanization, I think, is inexorable over the whole world and in the United States. I think it gets thrown off kilter for temporary periods of time like the pandemic. I think what’s going on in the United States is other places. And again, Denver is an example, Austin, Texas, start to become more dense and become more attractive for a variety of reasons. So there’s just going to be more cities. I mean Seattle joined the party 15 years ago in regards to having a really significant downtown. So I just think some of these other cities are also densifying, but I don’t believe that urbanization is going to end in the United States. I think it’s just merely been interrupted.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Thanks, Haendel. I appreciate that question. So, I think all three of our development deals that you now see in the supplementary disclosure are going to deliver this year. We’ll certainly be in lease-up for some time. We’ve been looking at a couple of deals. We started nothing in 2020. That just didn’t seem prudent to us given the circumstances. There are at least two deals we like that we would consider starting this deal – this year, pardon me. One is in the District of Columbia proper. It’s in an emerging neighborhood. We really like some of the highest per foot rents in the city, an area that, though it suffered in the pandemic, not as much as a lot of other neighborhoods. So really like the location. And because of TOPA, and I know you’ve been around a lot, so you know what TOPA is, but the quick brief there as it’s a law that gives residents the right to purchase their building if it’s being sold in the District of Columbia. And it makes it quite difficult to sell or to acquire properties that are newly built and have a resident base, so, building like we have done before, near Union station in that NoMa area, you should expect us to do that occasionally. And to fund this by selling some of the older product we own on Wisconsin Avenue and Connecticut Avenue. So I would expect that, that deal would likely start this year. Another one is in suburban California in a location with some really powerful employer drivers nearby that we really like. The very unique thing about the deal and – is that’s a density play. It’s us knocking down 60 units of an existing property and putting 220 or 230 units back. So it’s very efficient from a capital and return point of view. Again, it’s a place we really like. It’s a hard, hard place to build. So we like that. The team is very busy. We’re looking at a whole bunch of stuff. As I implied in my remarks, there is a couple of things in Denver, we’re thinking about as development opportunities, again. We’d like to get a bigger presence there. The deals we’re looking at are either path of growth, I’d say, between urban and suburban or suburban development. So I’d expect us to start those two deals I just mentioned, maybe one or two other things, we’ll see. We think development is part of the mix here at the company, and we’ll continue to do them as they sort of pencil out.
Mark Parrell: Yes, that’s a terrific question because of how hard that is. You’ve hit on the nub of the hardest underwriting part is what are – first of all, what are spot rents? When spot rents are going down in a lot of these places. So what does spot rent mean? And then you come back and unfortunately, 3 months later, spot rent has changed. And how do you think about rent growth? So you’re going to be building these buildings for 3 years. I mean they’re going to deliver in 2022 – excuse me, 2023, early 2024. You may be delivering into – you will be delivering into certainly, a very different climate and maybe a much more advantageous one. So we spend a lot of time thinking about just that. So I can’t really give you a yield if we start the deals, I will talk about that. But it is – just as important as your starting rate is your rent growth assumption, when do you get back to where you were? Do you get back to where you were? How does that work? And that’s the art of this process.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So I don’t have the actual demand in totality. I will tell you that studios continue to be our most challenged unit type. So I think our overall occupancy in studios is like 93% compared to – they used to be the highest, just over 96%. And if you drill into those studios and you look at like New York and San Francisco, the occupancies of studios are down at like 85%, 86%. So I think you could say that the demand that’s coming into us is still seeking kind of that one-bedroom, the larger units, even the 2-bedrooms because that is where that occupancy improvement has come from. And I think right now, we’re just kind of in the wait-and-see mode to understand at what price can we clear these studios out. And when does that demand really start to return to these markets.
Mark Parrell: Thanks, Alex. It’s Mark. So I would have told you before the pandemic that, that effort would have been accretive slightly, that we’d be selling New York at 4% or slightly sub-4% cap rate and we’d be buying Denver and a 4.75%, and it will all be happy and easy. Now I think those two cap rates are close to each other. Part of that is a product of what’s going on in New York and San Francisco. But I don’t envision this to be a dilutive exercise. I think it isn’t going to be an accretive one. I think it’s going to be about even now. And I think what we’re buying in some of these new markets is probably better political risk, a little bit better cash flow in these assets over the long haul. And maintaining exposure, though, to these big urban centers where you have a lot of affluent renters and for New York, a really good supply picture. That’s good. And I think what we’ll have then is just more opportunities to invest and develop across a larger number of markets and the steadier platform win inevitable issues come up in the future. So I don’t expect dilution from the process. Again, I would have told you in early ‘19, I was hoping there’d be accretion in the process, but I don’t think that’s realistic right now.
Mark Parrell: Yes. So I think you are referring to gain in loss to lease. So basically, just snapshotting kind of our rents in place and comparing it to the existing rent rule. Sitting here, and I did this basically at the end of January. Our gain-to-lease was 6.5%, not including concessions, 9.5% when you fold it in concessions, and that is clearly front-loaded. So the numbers are – we have much higher gains in that Q1, and then it starts to kind of gradually down. We actually flip to kind of the loss to lease model back in that fourth quarter. But I think at this point, you’re looking at this at the lowest point in the rent seasonality, rents are the lowest, and you’re comparing this still against people that were pre-pandemic and then new people. So I don’t really – I mean, I think it’s a good snapshot to understand what could be. But I think really over the next couple of months, this number is going to move around a little bit.
Mark Parrell: And Alex, it’s Mark. If I can just add something on some sort of new research we’ve done to try and think about just new starts, so not completions, as Michael was referring, but starts as we look at – just – it’s tough to make these deals pencil in the urban centers. So we’re trying to determine what does it look like in ‘23. And a couple of our guys, it’s really good work, and the work was focused on, what do we see starting within, call it, 2 miles of our properties, remembering that all supply in a market is competitive with us. But Michael would tell you and our operators would tell you that the supply that’s very close is what is most damaging to our rent roll. So looking at what’s relatively close to us, looking at what starts were from 2016 to 2019 by market, getting an average and comparing that to what we saw in ‘20 and ‘21. What we see that’s being generated in ‘21, will lead us to believe that starts are likely to be down 30%, and thus deliveries are down 30% in, say, 2023, especially in our urban markets. Now in Washington, DC that number seems completely unaffected. I mean starts seem relatively constant. But we are seeing that, and we hope that, that’s an additional tailwind. But again, this is relatively new research that our folks have done that we think is informing us to our optimism about supply close in urban center coming forward.
Mark Parrell: I think our somewhat increased pessimism about bad debt over the last 2 months was based on both the new administration, doing its extension under its CDC Authority, California doing an extension, New York, all these markets sort of chiming in, given that the pandemic got challenging again in the fourth quarter and in January that all this got extended, which meant that we wouldn’t get resolution. But I will say that we didn’t – and this is why our guidance, as Bob acknowledged, was a little conservative remains in our minds, maybe a little conservative on bad debt, is that we didn’t take into account either the $25 billion that was passed in the old administration’s bill in December for rental relief. New York put rules out last – yesterday on that. California put those out a week ago. We’re still analyzing all of that. So we’re not sure. We certainly intend to get involved there and make sure our residents, who are in a delinquency situation, are aware of that and can take advantage of it. So we may get some benefit there from taking advantage of some of those programs. The Biden administration $1.9 trillion program has another $25 billion in it for rent for helping folks that are behind in their rents, so rental assistance. Again, who knows if that passes, but that’s very helpful. Along with in the $1.9 trillion bill is $350 million of aid to cities. And that is tremendously helpful to places like New York, we’re thinking about tax increases or service cuts. And so I’ve taken your question a little longer, but I think it’s important that some of these government restrictions are problematic, but they come with some good things as well, especially for owners like us of apartments that are in more urban settings.
Mark Parrell: Yes. It’s Mark Parrell. Well, thank you all for your interest in Equity Residential and have a good day. Take care.
