David Neithercut: Well the cap rates have been in the low 5s on the -- but [ph] the portfolio that we sold in the Metro D.C. area and then in the low 7s away from there.
David Neithercut: Well I guess, we're not calling kind of peaks. We're just identifying assets, Dave, that we know we don't want to own long term. And we're in the process of selling at values that we think are pretty good values. And I guess as we exit markets, there's only so much that you can sell in a market at any one time. So we sold some properties in Portland. We still have more properties to sell in Portland. And you wouldn't want to bring all those to the market at the same time.  And that would be the same in Tampa and Jacksonville and other markets that we've identified for exit. So we're managing the process, the most appropriate way that we think that we can. We also are trying to balance that with redeploying that capital. I'm trying to find the right path. So last year we were a net acquirer of assets. This year will be a net seller of assets. And then we'll continue into 2012 and see what that balance will be going forward.
David Neithercut: Well, we haven't tabled anything. I mean we'll do what we think is the right thing by our shareholders as we move forward. So it's premature to say what -- but what we'll do, if it makes sense to distribute, we will. If we find an opportunity to invest then we will. And I think we've been pretty good stewards of capital in the past, and I expect us to be that going forward.
David Neithercut: Well we're trying to do that Rob, and I would hope in the next quarter or 2, [indiscernible] would say that we've done that successfully. But we had got numerous conversations taking place with owners of existing land to see if there's not some way by which we can provide them with the bankable takeout upon completion of construction and do some sort of presale. And that's a much more efficient way for us to deal with our disposition activity 12, 24, 36 months down the road. And we'd like to do that. And I will tell you that anyone who's got a good piece of dirt in one of our core markets. We've got an awful lot of people trying to have those same conversation with them right now. But we are having, as I said, numerous conversations with people hoping to do that and I'd be disappointed if we didn't do one or 2 in the next 90 days to 6 months.
David Neithercut: Well, anything that we're looking at that you might consider to be a portfolio is still relatively small. So I'm not so sure that it would get to a level where there may be some kind of discount for something of size. And anything that might be a portfolio, just in terms of absolute dollars, is just not that much. So everything we're looking at today is pretty competitive across all the markets. They said we've got $325 million of the balance that we hope to do this year already tied up and in various stages of due diligence, then we'll have to identify some new opportunities. And we are working on lots of things at all times. But no, we're not seeing anything of real size at the present time.
David Neithercut: Well, I can tell you that on the things that we've acquired most recently that have been acquired in that 5-or-so percent weighted average cap rate for first and the second quarter, we think in a couple of years we will be in the high 5s and even in one of them hopefully in the 7s because we're going to be doing some significant rehab work to that transaction. But if we can achieve the same kind of rental growth that we have over the past 6 to 12 months, kind of going forward, 5% yield will become high 5s and 6s reasonably soon.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess I've said on the last call, we still have $1 billion or $2 billion of assets that we think we'd like to sell. Again, I don't think that's there's necessarily [ph] an urgency in those. And I would say that as a company of our size, we will always in every year have assets that for various reasons that we think we want to sell. But we're still working on some markets in Northern Florida. And again, we'll exit Portland soon. And we're selling some properties I guess in Phoenix and Atlanta. But there's probably still $1 billion to $2 billion worth of stuff that we've identified that we're fairly confident we don't want to own in the medium term.
David Neithercut: No. I think it's less of the goal in terms of average rent or quality of asset and more of the markets we want to have the capital invested in. Because even in core markets, we'll have B quality product. In fact, we bought properties, one could argue lately a C quality products, which we intend to bring up to a B quality. It's not an average rental rate. It's not an average of asset quality. It's what markets do we want to be in, what markets do we believe will provide the best total returns going forward. And within that marketplace, you might find us in lots of different assets and of a different quality and of different price points.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess we think that they're underwriting -- the people that we're competing with for product probably 7 handle IRRs, and we're still trying to achieve. And I think we will achieve IRRs with 8 handles. But I think, of course, depending on the market, people are underwriting 6 if not more percent of rental growth over the next couple of years before they begin to moderate those expectations.
David Neithercut: Well, I think that valuations are certainly impacted by interest rates. I think the better quality product that we own and that we've been acquiring is less susceptible than the lesser quality non-core assets that we've been selling that we believe are much more subject to a leveraged bid, and therefore, would be much more impacted by changes in interest rates. But if increasing interest rates also come as a result of economic expansion, then we think our top line's going to grow, and that doesn't necessarily mean the value of our assets will go down.
David Neithercut: I guess, Mike, I would tell you that I think it's a very good question. It's certainly something one needs to keep an eye on. But I can tell you that across our property management functions, both those that are directly involve in property management directly and David's team. And I would tell you, for Fred and David as well, their compensation structure includes not simply how we've done in terms of raising revenue and dealing with our expenses but also customer loyalty scores. So there's a check and balance in the -- evaluation structure here that make sure that we're not raising revenue and cutting expenses at the cost of reduced customer loyalty scores. And that is not an under-weighted component relative to the others, that is a strongly weighted component relative to the others. And again that's Fred, David and their teams all the way down.
David Neithercut: I guess I'd go back to Fred's comment earlier. Ross, we talked about we see an increase of people moving out, and they can't afford rent. But we are not seeing any problem with traffic backfilling that of potential residents who can pay the rent.
David Neithercut: Fred and David are so excited about that opportunity. Even [indiscernible] right now. I think that we've experienced a good deal of success over the past handful of years, and I think that's because we've had a pretty specific narrow focus in what we're doing. And I'm not sure that I'd allow us or these guys would allow us to be distracted from that.
David Neithercut: Can someone? I suppose. I mean what will the cost per revenue dollar be to actually do that? I don't know, but I think it would not be the way that we're running our properties today as a percentage of the revenue dollar.
David Neithercut: I can't speak to that. I don't know. I mean I do know that at the GSEs [ph] there was talk about maybe doing something like that. Again, how that gets run, how that gets leased, how you manage that, how you deal with CapEx, every single unit has got 4 exterior walls, a roof, blacktop and landscaping. That is not a recipe for great rental opportunity. So I don't know how you do that.
David Neithercut: It may be a good way to inventory product, and we're seeing a de minimis yield while it's in inventory, while your waiting for some kind of recovery in absolute volume. I just think from pure operating standpoint, I think it's a nightmare.
David Neithercut: I'd say there's not much I can talk about Archstone. So I'll just -- I'll have you go to your next question.
David Neithercut: We haven't seen any change in that. We haven't seen any issues in the production line over at Fannie or Freddie. So we haven't seen that manifest itself yet, Alex.
David Neithercut: That includes those and there's more. There's a South Florida deal in there and some other things that are kind of maybes.
David Neithercut: Yes, I guess I'll tell you, Andy, that we look at disposition IRRs, we're selling an acquisition IRRs we're buying. And we think that we're on leverage. So we think we're selling somewhere maybe in the 7s or low 7s and buying 6s when one -- and buying 8s rather, when one is honest with what the CapEx needs of the assets that we're selling. So it's not simply a first-year delta on yield but it's a longer-term total return calculations. And as we exit markets, when we make decisions to exit markets, we kind of go through that process. It's not -- we're not looking at every single asset. We're getting now to the point now where we got 2 properties in Portland, Oregon. And we'll end up selling them. So I'm not quite sure we're going to worry about necessarily about what the absolute cap rate is. It's time to complete that exit, and we'll realize a lot of benefits on the property management side. And we haven't had the total exit there. So again it's not simply first-year kind of yields, but it's a longer term decision.
David Neithercut: Well one never knows. We know that when they come back and they try and retrade based upon what they think CapEx needs are. But one never knows what they might identify, what they really will actually spend or what they claim they're going to spend. We also think that generally the insurance costs will go up. Generally, we think that their insurance costs are not the same as ours, and will likely go up. And I think I mentioned on the call last time, when we think we're selling some cap rate [ph], we think our buyers are probably buying something that might even be 50 basis points lower than their yield because of insurance, because of real estate taxes, et cetera. But we don't know really what CapEx dollars they'll actually spend.
David Neithercut: I don't know offhand where we thought we were probably in the 7s, it's a guess, maybe original underwriting and again, like 425 Mass, we'll exceed that. I wouldn't be surprised if we'd be in the 8s.
David Neithercut: First of all, the -- kind of those legacy leases that people in their -- throughout this whole process, as I said earlier, the gain to lease situation is pretty much gone. We're basically flat now. A couple of market such as Phoenix, South Florida and L.A., we still have some more exposure to that, but it working it's way through the system. Now the -- it's from 2 components. One is rents go up, and the other one, people either renew to those street rents, or they do, in fact, move out, then we have to replace them. In terms of our renewal strategy, through the downturn, we learned that consumer behavior is very interesting that a lot of people would take flat to down 1%, while market rents were going down 6%, 8%, 10%, 12%, 20%. So it's no different now. So even though they're been paying rents that were higher, and now maybe equal to or, in some cases, maybe even much higher than current street. What we're doing now is we're still offering a slight increase. It may not be a 6% increase, but we'll offer an increase, what we call a minimum increase. And in some cases, we achieved those. Other cases, we're willing to negotiate down to flat, okay? So depending on a lot of situation, the aspect of that particular market, that property, that unit type, and on their personal situation exactly, so far. The propensity to stay increases with residency. So those cohorts that went 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, they get very sticky. They continue to stay so we know that, that's a kind of potential there. And that we have not seen a change in that. And as David Santee mentioned earlier, our length of stay has increased in the last year by about 3 months, I believe. So -- and that's the loyal customer base that continues to stay. In terms of their income level versus average, I don't have that information handy.
David Neithercut: Well our activity is just a function of the opportunities we see. So I can't tell you that last year, we were focused on the East Coast and this year, we're focused on the West Coast. We're focused where we find the opportunities. And last year, the opportunities were in D.C., and we hit it pretty hard with 425 mass and our deals in Arlington and made a lot of great acquisitions. There was little product available a year ago in Southern California. This year, we're seeing more. And so we just happen to be more active there. But we've got guys in every region that are actively looking for product, and in any given point in time, there might be more opportunity in one over another, and it happens to be in Southern California now. And Southern California's kind of been a laggard. It's been -- slow to turn. We think long-term, it's a great market. And we think that the assets that we've acquired in downtown L.A. will do -- will do very well for us.
David Neithercut: I just want to make it clear, the acceleration of the development. So we've talk about starting $400 million to $500 million this year. And I think that number now may be $500 million or $600 million. And all that means is some deals we thought might be first quarter 2012 are now going to be fourth quarter 2011. So it's not that we've decided to not mothball something and get at it. It's just the timing of the stuff that we're working on. And the deals that we have in the pipeline, the land deals that we bought with the very aggressive buyers a year ago, we think will be in the 7s. And in fact, it's probably up now because I know of those are our current rents at that time. We all know that rents have gone up considerably since then. New land deals today, we're looking at mid-5s to low 6s probably. I will tell you that we have lost some land deals to people that we think were taking development yields in the 4s or low 5s. And I will tell you that we have always looked at getting 100, 150 basis points or so kind of spread over acquisition yields if we can, but there are certain time in the market where there's nothing to buy. So that kind of spread is irrelevant. But I will tell you that it's not simply in our minds the spread to acquisition yields. We also think that there's some kind of a minimum to what one ought to get to become properly compensated for the construction risks. So if acquisition yields go to 2.5, that doesn't mean that we're building a 3.5. We think there's some kind of minimum return expectations that one ought to have. And we've lost a lot of the land opportunities over the last 6 months. We've been a bridesmaid an awful high a number of times.
David Neithercut: Well, yes. We've seen that for a while. And that's why we have been selling the assets that we've been selling that we think are pretty good prices. So yes, I think as soon as it gets very, very competitive, kind of buying core products, core markets, capital will find its way into higher yields in other markets. And they'll be willing to take a little but more risk at little less yield. And we've certainly seen that. I think that's the case with the portfolio we sold in the Metro D.C. area. And I think that, that's the one of the reasons we're getting what we think is pretty good pricing on our Portland asset, in Tampa, in Jacksonville, et cetera. So certainly, if capital can't get what it wants in the core assets and higher barrier markets, it will migrate its way in other markets, and we're taking advantage of that.
David Neithercut: Sure. So assume a 10-year rate of 3%, Mike. Then you add to that about a 1.6% spread, I'd say, give or take, call it a 460 10-year unsecured. And I think we're an 1/8 to 1/4 wide of that if we did a secured deal right now. So unsecured pricing, like I think we mentioned on the call just before this, was -- has been better unsecured than secured for a while now.
David Neithercut: Yes. Not for a minute do we think we don't have residents in our properties that are ultimately want to be home buyers. And at some point in time, when they're willing to make that decision -- that's not simply an economic decision. It's a lifestyle decision as well. So we are looking at that. I'll tell you, a lot of those homes that might be value homes are sort of in the exurbs of where we operate. That's why I think it really is as much as a lifestyle decision as it's an economic decision. And I think when people exercise that decision to go do that, I think, that would be at point in the economy at a time when there's job growth, where there'll be more than ample traffic to backfill those people who do decide to leave us and go buy a single family home.
David Neithercut: Well, again, this is not simply an earnings process. This is a ultimate total return in value creation process. And if we think that we can sell assets today that are at risk to interest rates, or risk to GSE financing, or risk to capital needs, and sell them at the prices that we're seeing in the marketplace today, we think long term, that's the right thing to do. I don't think we'd be selling assets today that at call, the 6.5% yield if we thought that we could sell it at 6.5% yield, 2 years from now. We might not be doing that. So we think that those valuations, these are good. We know we don't want to own these assets long term. And we think that those values are potentially at risk. And so we think it is the right thing to do, notwithstanding what the amount of immediate first year dilution might be.
David Neithercut: Well as I said earlier, I think the disposition IRRs that we're selling, we think are in the 7s and the IRRs that we're underwriting are in the 8s. And I'll tell you that we make sure that our assumptions about residual value are not outlandish. We make sure that we understand what goes on price per pound, or price per unit basis and what the compound average growth rate would be for a net 10-year hold period. But again, we think we're buying better long-term IRRs than what we're selling.
David Neithercut: Stabilize, we're 95.4 this morning. As I said earlier, currency factor is at this point, leasing fees, and we have a lot of transactions coming through the system. We're only 7.5% less the leases this morning. At that's a forward indicator of exposure, which is very healthy. Typically you might see that closer to 800 at this point in the cycle.
David Neithercut: I will tell you that we don't do that to meet "goals." I don't sit here and say $1.51 billion of acquisitions, and we'll do whatever it takes to meet that goal. What we try and tell you is the assumptions that are embedded in our guidance. And if we can't find anything good to buy, we won't, I assure you. That's merely just the assumptions that have been baked into the guidance that Mark and his team have prepared for you. And as I said, $325 million has been identified, and we're working on it. And then the rest is yet to be seen. I'll tell you every year, we expect there to be opportunities late in the year. I'll be honest with you and tell you I thought that last year and we didn't see any. But our guys out there in the field are saying that the brokers are giving them notice that they're working on a lot of potential transactions that they would expect to be bringing to the market in the short term and in the near term. And we'll have an opportunity to look at those. I'll also tell you that it's very possible something that we've identified to close this year could close in January of next year. That could just be pushed from one year to the next. So again, these are just sort of guidelines and the assumptions we give you, and they don't sit around and worry about whether or not we actually make that goal and do stupid things to make sure we don't.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, I'd probably tell you in some deals we might be right in there. And have just missed by a little bit. And I also know there are other things we've lost where we were 10% off. I'll say we're just -- we get price talk, whisper talk about where things are going. And we'll just abandon working on them knowing that we won't get close to those levels. So we think that there've been deals trading with 3-handle cap rates and we had just go -- we'll find something else to work on.
David Neithercut: David Neithercut here. Thank you, all, for your time today. We appreciated it. And I'm sure we'll see many of you in September. Have a great summer. Thank you.
Mark Parrell: Yes, in terms of renewal rent, what we're seeing right now is July we finished up 6.3%. And as we go forward into August, we're quoting in the 7s and we expect to achieve in the low 6s. And beyond that, we're quoting in the mid 7s. And maybe a couple of market will be a little bit stronger. And we expect this to maintain in the low 6s in the going forward. We have a little bit of a tougher comp period. But so far it hasn't really slowed us down. And in Q4, you'll have a little bit of softness due to the seasonal slowdown, so you don't want to be wildly aggressive. You have to maintain a good balance there, but I still think the 6s [indiscernible] Will be achievable, perhaps a little bit better.
Mark Parrell: Yes. As we look forward into the balance of the year, we still see, we have very strong indicators. I mean the renewal increases are good. Occupancy should be fairly stable. Although, it will soften seasonally in Q4. It always does, probably it always will. And then the rents over last year I think as I mentioned will maintain good healthy spread over that but we will see some softening of rents from the peak now as we get into Q4, that's the seasonal slowdown. So that's to be expected. And when you look at the numbers that I gave you for how we're going to achieve it this year, when you look at the total net result of the revenue change, you have to keep in mind that still in 2011, we have some leases in place that are either equal to our current rents or maybe a gain to lease situation. Back in January, I mentioned that we had at that point in time 20% of the leases to be in our rent roll in January were actually paying rents above market back then by 5%. So that's kind of a constrainer or a governor on your overall growth. You don't get these growth numbers immediately impacting the rent roll. You have to burn off the existing legacy leases. And that's happened but it's going to impact our numbers this year. Right now, in July, we only have 3% of our people in our rent rolls today that are paying rents equal to or above our current street rents, and it's only by $5. So we're basically flat. So we've burn through most of that and that will set us up great for next year.
Mark Parrell: So we have approximately 106,000 same-store quarter-over-quarter units. The total unit count is about 120,000 units. So the difference there, 5,000 of that 15,000 are military units, and that's just a different market altogether. So call it 10,000 units in the non-same stores set. It's hard to talk about those trends. Those development deals tend to do very well for us. Those tend to be in the markets that David described, the lease-ups occurring in. Those also include the big Vantage deal in San Diego, the 425 Mass Avenue deal in D.C., so I suggest to you that those deal will do [ph] very well. I'm not sure if they're going to move on their own, the entire mix of the company just because it is such a substantial same-store set at 105,000 same store units versus the -- call it 15,000 less the military housing that we actually have.
Mark Parrell: Alex, it's Mark Parell. It's a terrific theoretical conversation because we do think about this as how much debt is coming due in an entire calendar year, which for us in this calendar was give or take $1 billion that we thought we would refinance and we hedged about $350 million of it. So it generally will hedge somewhere between 40% and 50% of what we think will come due. We don't pretend we know what interest rates are exactly going to do, but we look at our P&L and we look at our balance sheet and we say, can we manage our single biggest expense item and it is interest expense? If I can keep that number lower next year than it otherwise would have been. So that's rolling off, had a higher rate and the new debt that's going on and extend duration appropriately as we buy assets that have longer lives. That's kind of the goal. The debt thought processes is kind of integrated with the investment strategy. So I tell you we hedged give or take half of what we expect to issue in the calendar year. In our guidance specifically, we thought we're going to do a $400 million debt deal, give or take, July or August 1, 2011, that we now placed in our own minds in January 2012. So that's what impacted guidance. But our theoretical construct is we hedge about half.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes. I mean New York, Manhattan in particular and the Gold Coast of Jersey just continue to motor on. And, you ask if we're seeing an evidence to that? The answer is no. I would have to ask you all if you're seeing any evidence because we don't. And I've asked this recently just a few days ago, our managers there. Have you heard any talk in any verifiable evidences, any of our residents losing a job or getting a severance or worried about it. And the answer is no, resounding no. To the contrary, we're seeing stability in the financial sector and we see growth in the entertainment and tech sector. So New York right now, I mean we have very strong occupancy. We're 96.2%, 7% rest of lease, rents are up almost 11% since the beginning of the year. And we're getting very good renewal increases with virtually no push back or kind of real legitimate resistance to pricing. So New York is still looking -- a great place to be.
Frederick Tuomi: This is Fred again. Supply is really a good picture for 2011 and 2012. For example some markets like Phoenix, San Diego and Orange County have virtually no deliveries this year. We have 800 units in Phoenix, 500 in San Diego, 300 in Orange County. And looking next year, we actually have goose eggs for Phoenix, which is something we've never seen in any time in history of the valley there. So it's still a very good supply situation, 2011 and 2012. This year, on the higher end, you are delivering 3,600 units still into the Virginia, D.C. markets but those are being absorbed very quickly and that's not an issue. L.A. still has deliveries of about 2,300 this year, meaning 2011. That has caused a little bit of friction there in certain markets such as San Fernando Valley, Warner Center, some areas of downtown. Because L.A. is not as robust a market. And then Atlanta still has -- 2,000 units coming this year to digest. And even though that seems high given the situation of Atlanta, that's kind of an all-time historic low. And then Seattle has 2,000, which is really no issue to Seattle. Looking forward, in 2012 and 2013 of the higher markets, everybody knows we have a pipeline that's been building in D.C., I mean D.C. and Northern Virginia. And 2012, we expect more than 7,000, maybe 7,500 units to come into the D.C. market. And for 2012, we're not too concerned about that. We had very strong absorption even through the recession and that should continue into 2012. Now D.C., looking forward into 2013 and plus, that could get a little sketchy. Because there we see right now we've identified about 12,000 units or more in the pipeline, more to come. Some of these deals may get canceled or delayed, but it's going to be a pretty healthy delivery in 2013 and 2014. So if the government hiring and all the other great things going on in D.C. continue, we can absorb that. If there's a slowdown, then we're going to have a little bit of a supply demand mismatch for a couple of years there in '13 and '14. South Florida is another one, virtually nothing coming next year, only 400 units. So South Florida will, I think, have a great year next year. But beyond that, 2013 and 2014, there is a pipeline building. There's lots of proposed developments including some in our schedule. And it could be more than 10,000 units in the pipeline for '13 and '14 down there in South Florida. L.A., less of a concern. Next year will be good. And then as we look forward to '13 and '14 and maybe about 5,000 units of bestowed of [ph] Highly localized. Again more coming in Warner Center, unfortunately, and then the downtown close in areas. And then Seattle is another one. Again, it's going to be great next year, only 1,000 units. But then in the pipeline, we're looking forward to about 4,000 units plus in the downtown, East side, a little bit on North. We've got some great projects there as well. And I'm not too concerned about the Seattle. So really it boils down to D.C. in South Florida in '13 and '14, but between now and there, it's all systems go.
Frederick Tuomi: Well pricing, the base rent pricing through NOLs [ph], that sets up everything. And we aren't really constrained. The major impact of that is the competitive rent, but we're not necessarily actually constrained by that. We are running a margin above our comps right now, but you can't be an extreme outlier in the market. [indiscernible] correct, based on the sensitivity of the market. When you give a big rent increase, the first thing people are going to do is they're going to be in shock. They might come in and talk, they might complain, but then they're going to shop the market. And when they shop the market, they're going to see if that price is valid or not. And we're seeing that they are validated vis-à-vis the comp. And that's why they come back and they renew because it's a hassle to move, and that's not generally satisfied. So another indicator of that is people that tell us that again, we're moving out because my rent is too expensive. And if home buying has gone down the last couple of years, we are seeing that on the relative mix, the makeup of reasons for move out, but that one's floating closer to the top, change in job or change in life situation is always #1. But move out because it's too expensive has moved up over the last several quarters, but really not to an outrageous level. In fact, I'd be surprised if we didn't see some of that. So I'm not sure if I answered your question specifically. But all those factors come into play, the supply, the demand, it's your comps, it's their satisfaction level, et cetera. And I can just tell you that our goal in revenue is to optimize, which is to hit the right points between occupancy turnover and rate. And we're always trying to optimize those numbers.
Frederick Tuomi: This is Fred. I would like to add 2 other quick things to that. One is that our Resident surveys tell us that our residents are really for the highest degree of value on online services. They told us that they wanted to communicate with us electronically to do their lease administration, check balances and their service request and their payments are better. So we thought early on, really, a few years ago, a significant increase in resident survey responses saying that they wanted this technology. And as David Santee referred to is the STEs really didn't go down dramatically, but we reshaped the existing STE [ph] property. Meaning that we took the administrative functions off, the back office things off of the site people, put those in the hands of specialists off-site that the residents never really saw or could appreciate, and we redeployed those things headcount with customer service people at a lower comp level, but in a closer touch to the resident.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, I mean we're going to go for all the gusto that we can get here but who knows how high we can take it next year. We're not really going to talk about next year numbers, but you can tell from the momentum that we're building and the information I gave you earlier that things are looking good for a set up into 2012, especially the fact that our gains of lease [ph] Or the ones that equal current pricing is pretty much burned off. So now we'll be in an overall kind of cross lease [ph] Situation. But the other factor is all -- I've heard this question often especially in neighboring [ph] -- a couple of months ago, how can these people afford more rent gains [ph]? Aren't you going to hit the wall where people who just can't pay the rent? And we look at the rent versus income ratio of our residents. And back in January, the average rent as a percent of income was 17.7%. And today, it's 17.6%. It actually improved a little bit. In fact, our average income in the rent roll back in January. Today, is up 4% and the rents are up 3.2%. So that's a healthy level. 17%, 18% is very healthy. 20%, 22% is healthy. We quantify up to 30% without additional deposits. So I don't see any kind of in the near-term cap on people's ability to pay, especially in the markets that we're in and the type of products that we're providing. I mean New York is one of the most expensive places to live, where we have the lowest rent-to-income ratio. it's only 14.5%. And Southern California are the high ones in the low 20s. But it traditionally has always cost more for housing in Southern California. So no one can really say how high we can take this. We'll take it to the highest level we can, but right now given the supply, picture for the next 18 months to 24 months, the demand picture, which is stable even though with the low job creation, maybe this morning's report about the unemployment picture is encouraging. And then the demographics in our portfolio mix, it's pretty compelling for continued good results.
Frederick Tuomi: No evidence of that. No reports of that yet. That's an interesting concept. And I can see that, that can be the case. And there will be great residence to welcome, so we'll see what happens.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, it's very difficult. So that would be purely anecdotal observation, and that one has not bubbled up to the surface yet.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes. It's Fred. There's a lot of demand, a lot of leasing, and a lot of new [ph] leases. That product just kind of sat there in limbo as a for sale product. And I'll tell you, once we got in there and understood it, positioned it, marketed it, all online, it's just has been gangbusters demand. We're just way ahead of our expectations. And frankly, when we did underwriting that one, I was a little concern about the velocity, leasing velocity in the early months that I actually took them down a little bit on the margin, and they prove me wrong and they do those numbers. So we're very happy with the demand there. And this is another example of people didn't want to buy that product, but it's a beautiful asset and a great location in an exciting market, and they're certainly willing to rent that lifestyle.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes, it's Fred. Overall, enterprise level and this can change market-to-market, but our overall top level of our rent, we're pretty much equal to the comps coming into this year. And stayed that way through the slower Q1, where you don't have enough transactions to really fuel rent growth there. But once we saw lift off in the leasing season, which should be late April, early May, if we saw separation. And actually the gap is at its widest point right now. So it's one gauge. It's certainly not the most important one, that's just something relative we look at. We certainly don't like to see it going the other way, but from our competitive sets that we logged into NOL, it's telling us that right here in the moment, we like what we see because we feel like we're on the more aggressive side and we're riding the top end of the pricing curve.
Frederick Tuomi: Yes. This is Fred. Not really. The home purchasing, as I mentioned earlier, continues to go down. I mean, this quarter, second quarter versus second quarter of last year, so at the same point in the season, we do not have a single market where the home purchasing has increased. They all continue to fall. And when I look at the -- in terms of affordability, some of the commodity markets for housing such as Orlando, Atlanta, Phoenix, they continue to go down. They're just not buying even at almost any price. So it almost doesn't matter what the rent versus buy ratio is in theory. In practice, people are not buying homes in the commodity markets or in the really -- any market. It continues to go down. It's down 270 basis point quarter-over-quarter this second quarter. And we don't see any kind of beginning of a trend of that going up.
