Frederick Tuomi: Mark mentioned our renewals for April are up 6.1% and that's actually achieved completed renewals. And going forward into the next month, it looks like growth will continue to improve, recording in the 7, achieving maybe in the low 6s. Looking at the April renewals, those are complete. The most powerful renewals are done in San Francisco at 8.4. 8.4 up in San Francisco. Denver was 7.9, D.C., Virginia was 7.1 and Seattle is also 7.1. So we're getting some power in those great markets. As expected, Southern California is going to bring up the rear. Renewals and we did achieve at 3.3 in L.A., 3.6 in Orange County, which is starting to gain some momentum and in San Diego was a 4.2.
Frederick Tuomi: This is Fred Tuomi again. Southern California, I'll take it by major market. First, Los Angeles. L.A. is a big market. It's a big, diverse economy. It was hit hard in the recession; all the sectors were hit pretty hard, some worse than others. And the job growth, although it's coming back, it's coming back slower, a little bit later than other markets. So we still love L.A. It's going to be great. But just now, it's starting to get some momentum on the job creation. It's going to need some job growth across all sectors. Most recently -- I'm more concerned about the state, local, city governments. But sectors such as The Port [ph], showing some good high single, low double digit growth. Entertainment is up. The technology's been stable. Defense has some good news, bad news. So it's sort of a mixed bag, but gaining momentum and should grow about 50,000 jobs this year; to forecast, which is a 1.3%. Unemployment's still lingering kind of high. It's at 12.2. So still needs a little more time to percolate on the job, but I believe they're coming. L.A. also was a victim of supply. In the last couple of years of 5,000-plus new units delivered into L.A. Even though it's a big market, they're highly concentrated in market rates in the key submarkets like Warner Center in San Fernando Valley, and those areas of Hollywood and southern downtown. The downtown market has absorbed quite well, but there's other 2 markets that have been struggling with the absorption. This year, they're delivering another 2,000 units. 2011 will see 2,200 units still coming into L.A. There's kind of a spillover at those projects. And next year, we'll probably see another 2,000. So a little bit of a supply pressure in the market that's sort of weak. That's holding L.A. back. Now L.A. is, as I said, it's a big market, lots of submarkets. Some markets we're in are performing quite well, much better than the top line number you see. But those areas like [indiscernible] Warner Center, we've got tests, a lot of concessions, some really tough lease up pressure as well as in the NoHo area. Orange County is a smaller market, easier to kind of get your arms around. We're happy to see job growth coming back to Orange County earlier than L.A. So it's kind of nice to learn here that jobs are up about 2.2% or 30,000 jobs. Occupancy has recovered. We're 96% occupied in Orange County right now, and renewal increases are starting to pick up at 3 6 and our rents are up and 4.7 over last year and up already 4% this year to date. So Orange County we see a strengthening trend led by jobs. And then nice thing about Orange County, only 200 new units being delivered this year. That's unheard of. Typically, we run 2,000 to 3,500 per year in Orange County. We only had 200 and only a couple of hundred coming next year. San Diego has been -- even though it's a small market, sort of a disappointment. It's been kind of also based on the military. We've had military rotations in and out; mostly out. And that's been kind of a dampening effect on San Diego's progress. It's doing okay, but not great. Renewals are up 4%. Rents are up in the 3 range and occupancy is roughly around 95. And again in San Diego, North County's doing much better, Mission Valley is still competitive and has no material impact impact. And in the South County, definitely the military impact doesn't hurt any less in South County, San Diego.
Frederick Tuomi: David, this is Fred. I can give you a little bit more color on that issue, a per market also. Base rent increases, the net effect of new lease rates, are up year-over-year in San Francisco, 10.9% as of right now. Boston up 9.2%; D.C., Virginia up 8.9%. Pretty robust, but the average is brought down again by Southern California where Inland Empire is pretty much flat. L.A.'s up 1%, San Diego up 2.5% and Orange County a little better.
Frederick Tuomi: Phoenix, has been a pleasant surprise. We're expecting a lot worse due to the mass of single-family overhead. But what's happening in Phoenix is , even though the prices on homes continue to plummet, foreclosures continue to mount through today, people just aren't buying those homes really at any price. And a lot of those distressed, single-family homes are outside of the core markets, they are far North, far West Phoenix, our portfolio there is much concentrated than all the good neighborhoods where you want to be. Home buying, due to home buying in Phoenix continues to drop this quarter over last quarter, first quarter last year is down another 4%. It's only 16.7% which is very, very low for Phoenix. So you're right, Phoenix is kind of define initial logic, is doing fantastic we're seeing good rent growth, renewals are up 6%, occupancy, even at this stage of the year is 95.9 as we start going into the warmer season there. And all systems are going and we're really pleased with it.
Frederick Tuomi: This is Fred. DC market, especially in district and Northern Virginia, it's continuing to get better and better. We had a great first quarter and really building momentum from there as we enter into the second quarter. So obviously this year, it's going to be this fantastic. We have a pretty low supply 2,900 units that will spread throughout the District and Virginia, and some in suburban Maryland. Going out, the next 2012 and 2013, it's going to be a little more challenging, 2012, we're going to see 7,000 units delivered into the market. A lot of that in D.C., a lot of it in Northern Virginia, and a little bit in the key cities of Maryland. But the job growth so far is still very, very strong. We've got 66,000 jobs, 2.2%, so the engine of government, of defense, of technology, of business services, of legal, and all of the population services, and retail service, tourism, everything is up and strong and getting better in those markets. So the job growth is there, which I think it will be for 2012. I think 2012, even though we have 7,000 units coming in, we'll be able to absorb those in fine fashion. Because remember, looking back last 2 years during the recession, we delivered 7,000 units plus back in 2010, and 7,700 in 2009. So I think we absorbed those during the recession in great fashion. So I'm not worried about 2012, I think it will still be a good your. 2013, getting a little bit out there. I think if the government slows hiring or slows spending, so the procurement, would decline so the job growth would soften a little bit. And in the face of jammed up pipeline of supply, we've got 10,500 units going to hit us in 2013 based on current pipeline that we've identified. So 2013 you could see some softening there because of the supply and demand maybe going the other way. But the next couple of years are going to continue to be strong in that market.
David Neithercut: Well, we just had a very attractive opportunity to sell some of our older, more outlying, garden-style assets. And I also noted that we had acquired a couple of properties in D.C. And so we just thought it was appropriate way to balance our exposure there. And net of all of this, I'd tell you we'll be down about $200 million of exposure, following the completions of both these buys and sells.
David Neithercut: I'm not sure part of what. We did acquire for $100 million a property in downtown L.A. which has been -- previously been an office building which has been converted into apartments; I mean, a phenomenal location in downtown L.A. It's 322 units, and we think we bought that at close to a 5 cap.
David Neithercut: Well, we think that these assets are subject to -- the valuations are subject to the interest rate risk, and we just think as we look at these prices on a per pound basis and what we think buyers' expectations are in those valuations for revenue growth and rent growth. We think that these are fair prices. I think that one can wait too long and not have the ability to sell. And so we think when the opportunity is there, we have to take advantage of it.
David Neithercut: No, I said my comment was what I thought buyers were underwriting sort of more core product. And so actually I think people are underwriting these assets that we've been selling more at higher IRRs than that. I think that Alan George's team would tell you that he's seeing more buyers out there thinking about more value-add opportunities. And so I think we're selling assets into that mindset with the hope that by putting however much money into these older properties we're selling, we'll be able to get incrementally higher rents. And as long as the people want to pay us for that opportunity, we think it's the right thing to do.
David Neithercut: Well, we think NOI growth for those deals will still be okay. I don't think we'll expect the same NOI growth that we'll see in the properties which we have been investing, but I don't see any reason why the deals we're selling won't see a decent NOI growth. And I think the valuations show, acquires expectations of that growth. I'd just tell you that I think that the buyers that are acquiring these assets are leveraged buyers, and so interest rates make those valuations very sensitive, then we just we don't have an expectation. Sooner than later, at some point in time, interest rates will go up and those valuations could be at risk. There'll be top line growth as well. So I don't know how much values might change, whether that top line will be able to keep up the pace. But in any event, we've targeted assets or markets that we don't believe that are in the long-term picture for EQR. And as a result of that, we are now, just as we have over the past 5 years, systematically going and offering those properties into the marketplace, and we think they're pretty good values today.
David Neithercut: Yeah, I think that's right. If you go back to the renewal rates, that credit quoted in some of those markets around the country for 30, 60 days out, they're was a very strong high single-digit renewals.
David Neithercut: Yes, and that was contrary to what our initial thought on how this year would play out. You would expect as you put the pedal on the rent, the more people move out. That's not happening. And I think that's kind of a systematic view of our business right now is people aren't buying homes. Homebuying continues to drop. They're enjoying the lifestyle., They can rent a better lifestyle than they can afford to buy. They're in great cities with great jobs. And consider the alternatives. They're not going to sink every penny that they can beg, borrow and steal into a home. They're not going to move out into the 'burbs. They're going to stay in urban core, enjoy a great life and continuing to want to buy up on that lifestyle. So we're seeing great retention at good pricing.
David Neithercut: Let me just add one other. I'll just repeat that. On the overall market dynamics, this thing about no supply in 2011 and 2012 is a real game changer. Before, you'd always have a good number of supply coming in to these markets. It gave people choices, gave them options and gave them incentives to move. We don't have new supply now. None of our key markets have a supply issue this year, and they're not going to have it next year. And that just takes an option right off the table. So people are staying put.
David Neithercut: Yes, there's a couple of different dynamics that we're seeing. Number one, as far as our traffic to equityapartments.com in the past couple of months, we've seen daily increases of 15% to 25% unique visitors. Now the dynamic changes when you start publishing rents online. And historically, our foot traffic for the most part has remained the same. So the people that call or submit a guest card online, those people that finally make it to the property for the most part quarter-over-quarter relative to last year is about the same. But historically, we've always seen a 75/25 breakout. So 75% of the people actually rented and moved in, and then the other 25% canceled or were disqualified or declined. What we've seen in the last 2 quarters is a shift in 80%. 80% of those people are now moving in and only 20% of those people are canceling or being declined.
David Neithercut: Well, when you look at our utility mix, utilities makes up about 60% and energy makes up about 40%. I would tell you that we see more growth in the water sewer. Water sewer is up about 9%. But then gas, natural gas, we did a rate lock through this year, so natural gas is offsetting that sewer and water rates. I tend to think that we're already talking about our natural gas strategy for next year. And frankly, we see no reason today to considering a lock for next year and just may ride the market, unless there is some significant speculative change, relative to future pricing. I don't know if that answers your question.
David Neithercut: Very hard to say, Jay. If I had a better sense of that, we might have kind of changed our guidance already. But we're working on acquisition opportunities, and I think that will have a -- will play a big part on what we do on the dispo side. We continue to think that there will be more acquisition opportunities later in the year. We don't know if the color we get out there from our guys that are working this every day for us in the field, our conversations with our brokers, they know that brokers are having more and more conversations with owners, giving them their opinions and value, and they're telling us that more products coming. So it's really hard for me today to kind of give you a best guess how this is going to end up at the end of the year and in the past years, our disposition and acquisition activity is kind of been balanced throughout the year. And as I've said over the past several cause, it's just going to be lumpy. And because it does such, it's just very hard to call.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess it's both. It's never kind of an either or proposition for us, Jay. We operate in markets and I tell you, markets we've been buyers of existing streams of income, At the same time, we've been buyers of land site. So it all just depends on what the opportunities are, and if we think we're getting the appropriate risk adjusted return for taking the development risk. But we think development continues to be a terrific opportunity for us, way for us to create value. But I also think that acquiring assets is the way to create value as evidenced by what we did in late '09 and the early part of 2010. So I think we'll play both and I think you'll see us be buying existing streams of income and building new streams of income in most of our core markets around the country.
David Neithercut: Well, I think that after adjusting for real estate taxes, it will likely be changed at the transfer. I'd tell you they don't get the same insurance benefits that we get. They certainly don't get the same leasing and advertising benefits that David Santee and his team deliver. So our expectations that it's going to be more difficult for them to see the same sort of benefit on the expense side that we see.
David Neithercut: Well for those of you who don't understand what Alex was referring to, there were some construction union people protesting at a meeting that Sam and I participated in New York not too long ago. And they're protesting the fact that we use nonunion labor for our deal under construction in Manhattan at 23rd. It's hard for me to respond to that Alex, because I don't really have a frame of reference. It's just we've moved on, it's not been a problem for us. They tried to do things that annoy our residents at various buildings around New York and I tell you, our residents don't really care. And I guess we gave this union shops and opportunity to bid and gave them sort of bogeys they need to hit, they were unwilling or unable to hit those, and so we decided to go with an experienced contractor that used nonunion labor, and we're extremely pleased with the job that they're doing. So I don't know -- I think you mentioned AvalonBay, my guess is 1:00 today, you're going to maybe get a better idea from Bryce who might have a bigger frame of reference for you about their experience dealing with these unions.
David Neithercut: Mostly one-off, Andy. We've seen very few larger portfolio transactions. I mean, I can't remember us looking at anything more than maybe 2 deals, but we're working now on a pair of deals, smaller deals that are sort of run as 1. But other than that, it's really been a 1 off acquisition process for us. Of course, other than the 3 deals we bought in New York in early 2010.
David Neithercut: What we did early on was to buy completely vacant deals, then we did look at some deals that had a very small percentage of units being sold through third parties. And I'm not sure that we're seeing anything today on the busted condo front. I will tell you that we are looking at some deals that have been busted condos, which have now been leased as apartments. So in fact Alan was telling me about one just the other day. So the current owners switched from condo to rental, and now, it's a stabilized apartment building and they're thinking about perhaps selling it. But we've not seen much of that. But I'll tell you, there is some talk out there about improvements in the condo market and maybe even people starting to gin up construction for condominiums again. So I think if you probably had to wherewithal the hold on this long. My guess is it probably behooves you to continue down that path.
David Neithercut: I'd tell you low 5s, our expectations were probably in the 6s, but they're probably low 5s, just given the timing and construction costs at the time and land prices at the time, but probably trending, probably low 5s.
David Neithercut: Well I guess I'd say, 100% of our portfolio is interest rate sensitive. I'm not -- don't mean to suggest that our sort of core longer-term assets aren't, we just don't think that they are as sensitive interest rates. We don't think that even the buyers with whom we complete to acquire our core product, are basing their bid based upon what kind of leverage they can get from the Lifeco from the agency, so they could compare it more to what BBB bond yields are. Et cetera, et cetera. I think what we're seeing is the properties that we're trying to sell, those are a much more heavily-leveraged buyer, whose valuations are directly tied to the mortgage financing. And our team, we've got a terrific team of people who handle our secured financing, and they can tell you exactly what's going to happen to the GSEs or Lifeco advance amounts and advance rates based upon very small changes in interest rate. And we immediately see this. We've got deals under letter of intent and buyers come back to us and say markets move 25 bps spread wide, and what have you. And those values change. So I would say 100% of our assets are interest-rate sensitive. And we just think that there's more volatility due to interest rate changes on the assets that we've been selling.
David Neithercut: Well, look, I guess if the question is, and forgive me if I'm going ahead here, but the question is how much more of that assets are we still planning on selling. We think that could be perhaps a couple of billion dollars more. And so that's part of the longer-term plan. So going back to 1 of the earlier questions, why are we selling now, we'll look over the next 5 years at the asset we know we don't want to own over the next 5 years, and we've got some we want to sell. So we need to take advantage of pricing today because in a perfect world, there will be more behind it.
David Neithercut: Well I think a lot of it just depends on the continued fundamentals in our industry, low supply, even if job growth trickles in. I think we'll continue to push and try to maximize that number. It's really just, really depends on what the market rates end up doing. And all indications are simple rules of supply and demand, if the demand continues to increase on a fixed supply, we would expect market rates continuing to increase above average run rates of 3, and maybe in the 4 or 5, and therefore, we'd expect to see renewals, then you could run it 5 or 6.
David Neithercut: I don't think so, frankly. I think that much of what happened in '06 and '07 was very much debt-capital driven, today, I think what you're seeing is very fundamental driven. And so I think that's just a much different picture. I think that the buyers of the assets that we're selling are getting good leverage and good grades. A good debt-rates and they're going to put some money into these units, and I think we're going to get good returns on incremental capital, and my guess is they'll get very decent, cash-on-cash returns, although on a more leveraged basis than we would operate. And they'll get very acceptable IRRs, given where their tenured treasury is today, and where alternative yields are on alternative investments. So I understand your question, I just think it's -- I never want to say it's different because you got to be careful about that. But I think much of what happens today is driven by fundamentals, and much of what happened back then, was driven by just a mass amount of debt capital available in the marketplace.
David Neithercut: Yes, it's really a sources and uses question, David. Just by what's happening on the sales side of our business, and we're generating a lot of cash. So we don't really have much use for any ATM proceeds when we're sitting on the amount of cash we have and the cash that we expect to get from our disposition process over the next 30 to 60 days.
David Neithercut: Well, we have a -- as everyday goes by, we will do that. But we would expect come the end of July, obviously with 7 months under our belts in 30 and 60-day visibility, and as David said, just with a percentage of transactions get ahead of us, and we'd have a pretty good sense as to when we think the full year will produce, and I think that we have over the past 2 or 3 years, changed guidance at that time, and have been pretty accurate.
David Neithercut: Well as we said before, we don't operate our business based out of -- kind of a macro unknown assumption set. We base our business based on what we see on the ground on our business everyday with our intelligence from our locals tell us, and looked at our incredible operating platform can actually visually show us in terms of what's happening today, what's happening in the recent past, and more importantly, the near-term predictive capability that we have. And based on that, we don't see any kind of headwinds or constraints. Can it happen? Yes, maybe. But we'll know it probably within 45 to 60, 90 days, then we can react accordingly. But we're not going to take a preemptive reaction, try to temper things anticipating a slowdown, anticipating resistance. Our pricing philosophy is based on the willing seller and the willing buyer. And right now, the willing buyers are there, and we're going to continue to pressure test at the right level until we have resistance. Were not going to take a soft approach trying to avoid assistance, we'll know it when we actually see it and then actually [indiscernible] We ought to say that trees don't grow to the sky, but right now, with the occupancy levels, we have, with the democratic picture, we see with the statistics that Fred shared with you about the income as opposed to rent as a percentage of income. We see a lot of run rate not yet.
David Neithercut: I guess I'll answer the first question and have Freddy answer the second. I don't know off the top of my head, Haendel, but I will tell you that we do have an intention of continuing to sort of tighten the circle of our investments there and be more downtown and more sort of the Arlington, Alexandria area. We continue to have some older assets more of the outer kind of ring, and our intention would be to address those. I don't know off the top of my head exactly how much that represents today though.
Mark Parrell: And then the other side of the coin is, is that so you have people that are living here that are still paying above market rents. Those folks are still getting maybe a 1% or 2%, but people that moved in in the lowest part of the down cycle, I mean, a lot of these folks are getting 15%, 20%, 25% rent increases.
Mark Parrell: I think the last data point is when you look at our reason for move out. Historically, it's always been, the number 1 reason for move out is job change, then second to that was always home buying and rent increase too expensive was usually about number 4, number 5 on the list. Today, and for the past really 2 to 3 quarters, rent increase or too expensive has been our number 2 reason for move out and equates to about 14% of our move outs. So I think that's a testament to our aggressiveness and kind of pushing those rents to the limit.
Mark Parrell: No. New York is just been a sweet spot again. January and early February was a little soft, that's seasonal to be expected, and then, it just really tightened up. There's very little new supply coming into New York this year or next year, the broker fees are pretty much all gone, come late March and in April, very strong demand. Before we're relying on job growth coming from business services and legal and entertainment, and now the financial sector, and all you guys are hiding like crazy. And they're all renting apartments versus buying homes out in the 'burbs. So we're seeing very strong demand and increasing demand in New York, limited supplies so rents are moving up quite nicely in New York.
Mark Parrell: I can direct you just to Page 22 of the release. There's a lot of good detail on that so when you go through and you want to just reconcile on normalized or actually white paper or classic FFO in a normalize, we give you the reconciling items. So some of that reconciliation was due to forfeited deposits this quarter which was about $500,000 that we had. So that's listed on the schedule. We also had an insurance recovery on Prospect Towers of $1.6 million. So most of that adjustment was due to those, as well as the normal things you see us adjust, for which is to convert bond premium, as well as property acquisition cost. So that sort of lay down on 22, and hopefully that answers your question.
Mark Parrell: I'll also add there, we look at that another way, just the financial condition of our customers. And those coming in, we see still very good strong credit score and income ratios and overall in our entire portfolio, in all of our leases across our entire company, we look at the rent versus income ratio. And right now, we're sitting at a medium rent as a percent of income of 22.9%. That's a very healthy number. I think we've got a lot of room to grow on that. We automatically approve at the range of 30% to 35%. So sitting at 22.9, the average of 17.7. Those numbers have been fairly consistent and if you look across the market, some of our high-priced market are actually low on this, and California is always typically higher, which has always been the case. So we feel like we're nowhere near a danger zone where people can't afford, continued higher rents for their lifestyle. And though we don't really see any kind of near-term constraint.
Mark Parrell: It's Mark Parrell, David. I mean, we have a limit everyday. There's rules about how much you can issue using the ATM. But if we needed to, we could raise more than that if the market is stable and appropriate. So really, just not needing money. We don't runoff to a magic number and need it. We spoke on the last call about raising money into the ATM to fund these development deals, and we had discussed the fixed land parcels bought during 2010, and that's really what the ATM activity was about. It wasn't about a limitation of how much we can do in a particular quarter either, practically or legally.
Mark Parrell: No. I mean when I sit here and look at the distribution of expirations, let's just say it's relatively flat from November through March, and then April is kind of the shoulder month. And then May through -- really, May through August are the peak months, and then September and October become the other -- in other side of the shoulder month.
Mark Parrell: I want to -- with the balance sheet up, we do have refinanced REITs on the debt side as to rate, and we do hedge that separately. The activity on the asset side of the balance sheet to sell these interest rate sensitive assets, then certainly, you coordinate those but we are not selling assets to pay down debt at this point. That's not our goal.
Mark Parrell: Well I guess, I'll let Fred and David answer how many do they think are student. We don't own any assets that would be considered student by the classification of, common room with 4 or 5 bedrooms off of which, with each bed being leased separately. We do have properties in which we have different percentages of students in occupancy, but it's conventional apartment product.
Mark Parrell: Yes. The railroad property is right across the street in University of Miami. But these are conventional apartments that would have a high percentage perhaps, of student occupancy.
Mark Parrell: I guess, we thought about it not so much by the tendency by just generally what do we think growth expectations might be in various assets. I will tell you, I toured some properties, and we've got students. And I'm just wondering whether or not they should be in the long-term strategy for us. So my guess is that over time, we may address those, but there's no immediate sort of need to get up there after those today. Occupancies are strong, rents are going up there, perhaps even more quickly than in our other products. But we'll certainly be looking at those as we think about the strategy longer-term.
Mark Parrell: Look, I mean our ability to develop has nothing to do with the fact that we don't have a top-notch development team where we're understaffed. We've got a terrific bunch of guys who delivered phenomenal product for us, and we expect to continue to deliver phenomenal product for us. So I think it's just more a question of at what percentage of our investment activity should development represent, I would have no desire to go buy some development company and try and ramp that up to some extremely high number. I think a 500 or so million dollar per annum, sort of pipeline for us is just fine, and if we ever wanted to take it up, I assure you, we could do it with the existing resources we have. And I encourage you to go and look at what we built in Boston, and what we built in New York and what we're building in Chelsea. What their team has done in Seattle and in South Florida. I mean, we can do what we want to do, and it's easily scalable if we want to increase the business.
