David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our call today. Last night, we were very pleased to report our operating results for the second quarter and first half of the year, which showed continued strong apartment fundamentals across our markets. As expected, San Francisco, Denver and Seattle continue to lead the way. And also, as expected, we're beginning to experience weakness in the Washington, D.C. market. Last night, we also reported that we currently expect our full year same-store operating performance to be right on the guidance we provided in February, with a slightly negative impact on expenses, due to real estate taxes, which David Santee will address in just a moment. So with respect to revenues and controllable expenses, we're very much on our numbers. And that comes despite having integrated 21,000 new apartment units into our new store portfolio while also overseeing the operations in 24,000 units that we disposed of during the first half of the year. And please don't underestimate the effort it takes to run a disposition effort. It really requires a great deal of time and attention through the entire sales process. So our teams across the country have done a fabulous job so far this year, delivering the goods on all fronts: same-store performance, new asset integration and asset sales. And I send my most sincere thanks and congratulations to our investment and property management teams for a job very well done. So David Santee now will give you a bit more detail about fundamentals and what we're seeing across some of our markets today.
David J. Neithercut: All right. Thank you, David. On the transactional side, we remain very busy during the second quarter. And as noted in last night's press release, in the quarter, we sold 19 assets, 5 land parcels and a commercial building in Seattle, for a total of $820 million. In the first half of the year, we've sold $3.7 billion of operating assets and as noted on Page 9 of the release, have exited Jacksonville, Florida and have limited assets remaining in Tacoma, Atlanta and Phoenix. Three of the remaining 6 assets in Phoenix are under contract and should close yet this summer, with the last 3 sales likely being 2014 disposition events. Since the end of the quarter, we have sold one of our last 2 assets in Tacoma, and we expect to sell the remaining one yet this year or in early 2014. And finally, in Atlanta, of the 4 assets we still owned on June 30, 2 are under contract and are scheduled to close next week, and the others should be sold by the end of the year or early next year. For the full year, we've -- we currently expect to sell about $4.1 billion of assets. This is primarily comprised of assets and exit markets with some noncore assets within our targeted markets. Now, as you know, an important driver of the Archstone transaction was the ability it provided us to accelerate the sale of so many of these noncore assets. And we're very pleased that the market has been extremely receptive to our offerings, and we were able to achieve our disposition goals, add values and yields that were right on top of our original expectations when we were finalizing the Archstone deal late last year. And we were able to get it done much more quickly than we had planned, thanks to the work that have done by our teams in advance of the announcement, and we thereby significantly reduced the execution risk of the Archstone acquisition. And that execution risk was real as demonstrated by the increase in the tenured treasury, the spread widening and all-in increase in borrowing rates that we've seen take place over the last several years -- last several months or so. This is precisely the risk that we wanted to manage. And as Mark Parrell will discuss in greater detail in just a moment, this accelerated level of dispositions came at the cost of more FFO dilution for the years than originally expected, but it was a great trade. And we're delighted we made it, and we're glad we made it when we did. The disclosure of our development business in last night's earnings release shows about $1.4 billion of active development currently underway and $156 million completed, and we released some. Of the $1.4 billion under construction, 5 assets totaling about $300 million, which came to us as part of the Archstone transaction, are not considered core investments, and we would expect to sell these following lease-up and stabilization. During the quarter, we sold the 5 land sites that we've mentioned at our most recent earnings call, 4 that were acquired as part of the Archstone transaction. Three of these were in Phoenix, one -- and one was in Maryland. And we also sold legacy land site in EQR's inventory in South Florida to a condo developer, and we more than doubled our investment in that property. We continue to hold 4 Archstone land sites that we expect to sell in the near term, 1 in Maryland, 2 in South Florida and 1 in Southern California. And as I noted on our April call, the remaining 5 Archstone assets will be held for future development, 1 site in D.C. and 4 in the city of San Francisco. In the second quarter, we also bought one new land site in the heart of Seattle's Ballard neighborhood, where we will build 303 units for approximately $83 million at a mid-5% yield on current rents. With this recent acquisition in the Archstone land sites we intend to keep, we now own a total of 18 land sites and control 2 others, representing a pipeline of nearly 6,000 units with a development cost of approximately $2.5 billion. We did not begin construction on any new projects in the second quarter. So our year-to-date starts remained at the $130 million level, which we started in the first quarter. However, we have the potential to begin construction yet this year on as much as another $800 million of development, which could bring our starts for the year to nearly $1 billion and will add great assets to our portfolio in key locations of the urban core of our target markets and create significant value for our shareholders. So now I'll turn the call over to Mark Parrell.
David J. Neithercut: All right. Thank you, Mark. Like many public real estate companies who trace their beginnings back to the modern REIT era of the early 1990s, EQR went public in 1993 and will celebrate its 20th anniversary as a public company on August 12. We are extremely proud of our 20-year history, having delivered a compounded average annual returns since our IPO of nearly 14%, which compares quite favorably to 9% for the S&P 500 and 11% for the REIT Index during the same time period. And while we are extremely proud of the past returns we provided to our shareholders, what we are particularly proud of is the company we have built during this time, one that has done extremely well for its shareholders in the past and one that is positioned today to continue to deliver industry-leading performance for our shareholders far into the future; a company that did not simply weather the Great Recession without issuing dilutive equity, but was also the earliest and most aggressive investor in late 2009 and early 2010, when others were not yet aware that a recovery was underway; a company with an operating platform and team of professionals that has unmatched visibility into its business and has yet again hit its operating guidance with laser-like precision while simultaneously and seamlessly integrating the 21,000 housing units we acquired in the Archstone transaction and while selling 24,000 noncore units that helps pay for it; and a company that, over the last 10 years, has transformed itself from an owner operator of garden [ph] apartment properties in low-barrier commodity markets across the country to an owner operator of assets in high-density urban areas, with high Walk Scores in select markets with high housing costs and barriers to new entry. As we celebrate our last 20 years and look forward towards the next 20, we think we are extraordinarily well positioned because there's no denying the growth, the gateway city center. There's no denying the continued demand in these cities where well-located, good-quality rental housing like that provided by EQR. There's no denying the powerful demographic impact on housing in these markets by the Echo Boom generation, who are marrying later, having children later and who will opt for the flexibly provided by rental housing much later in their lives than prior generations. Because there's also no denying that there are more than 2 million additional 20- to 30-somethings living at home with Mom and Dad than historical average and that these so-called missing households will ultimate enter the housing market and will do so by primarily occupying rental housing. And there's no denying that, despite current levels of new supply, our core markets will continue to have a shortage of rental housing to meet this strong and growing demand. So as we look forward to our next 20 years, we are extremely excited about how we are positioned with our assets, with our platform and the team that will move us forward. And with that, now we'll be happy to open the call to questions.
David J. Neithercut: A very interesting question, one that we're watching quite closely. I will tell you that on core market, core assets and core markets, not at all. There continues to be a very short supply and very long demand. So we've seen very little change on cap rates there. We think values on those kinds of assets can be made and modestly continue to increase. On the -- not core, not A product, what we've kind of talked about is more leveraged-up product. We've seen some modest change. A lot of this increase in borrowing rates has occurred maybe over the last 60 or 90 days. And a lot of deals that are getting done today would have been priced a while ago. But I think we are certainly beginning to see some pushback from investors, some re-trades and certainly are beginning to see some small impact on values as a result. I guess I would say that I think that you'll -- would expect to see a bigger change in value as rates continue to go up. We did not see any change early in this increase but more recently, have begun to see some modest pushback.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I would tell you. I mean, the things that we're -- we'll be delivering in the next -- this year, next year, this day, and these are -- will be stabilizing in -- some of them in the 7s and 8s and easily 6s. And kind of what's been starting now or what will start this year on current rents, we think, we'll be in the mid-5s to low 6s.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, the -- really, the year is kind of baked. David and his team got pretty good visibility into August, obviously, September, and then the number of transactions begins to really dwindle. I mean, there's -- it almost doesn't matter what happens between now and end of the year because so much of the year has already been determined. We are certainly at a point now, unlike the last several years. We've talked in the past about how because people weren't moving out to buy single-family homes and there was no new supply and our occupancy was strong, job growth just wasn't as important to us in moving rents. Now with new supply coming, job growth is becoming more important, like it has been for -- in the -- for all of the history of the apartment space. So clearly, with the elevated levels of new supply in D.C., there's demand there, but we'd certainly like some more job supply, the more jobs in order to help us have a little bit -- more wind at our back on the rental increase side. But as it relates to this year and any estimates or projections we're making for this year, that's really kind of a moot point.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, I'll tell you that as a form of competition for Equity Residential, we don't see it at all. If you look at the portfolios that these folks own, it's Las Vegas, it's Phoenix, it's Tampa, it's suburban Chicago, it's Atlanta. I mean, we just don't overlap. With respect to it competing with multifamily, I mean, single-family homes has -- have always been a very large share of overall rental housing. But then the question comes, is it a business? Is it a trade? I'm kind of in the -- I'm in the trade camp, not the business camp. And it'd be very interesting to see what happens.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, really, the latter. I think that they will be more challenging to manage than people think. I think that it's likely that they will underestimate tenant credit quality, underestimate the turn cost and releasing expenses and CapEx and maintenance and all of the above. Not that it can't be done. But the notion that it can be done as efficiently under the same margins with -- as multifamily, I think, is comical. We owned the Lexford portfolio years ago, which averaged 88 single-story units. And believe me, the margins on the Lexford portfolio was nothing like the margins that we enjoy in our high-density urban assets. So I think that these claims that we operate the same margin as multifamily is just a joke.
David J. Neithercut: I'm not quite sure I understand the question. Just in terms of the platform of our business, we run a very tight ship. And you've seen our G&A costs as a percentage of revenue dollar, our management costs as a percentage of revenue dollar, are the lowest among our peers. So I'm not quite sure what the -- I'm not sure I understand the nature of your question.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess with respect to development, we don't have a target for that. What we've told our development team is that we will try and make sure that we can fund all the good development that they can find. Because of the additions of the Archstone land sites to our portfolio, we will have higher than sort of normal run rates when development starts this year and next, although at the present time, I don't expect that to be a new ongoing run rate. I wouldn't be surprised if we didn't go back to what had been our historical run rate of a $600 million or $700 million of development starts in any 1 year. Our intention is to be, I think, a little more discriminating and selective on what we build and where we build it rather than thinking about volume.
David J. Neithercut: No, we don't see the need to change those. I mean, we think the market concentrations that we have are appropriate. The company's very diversified on the operations side. We think running the company with about a 7.0 net debt-to-EBITDA number, which is what it was before Archstone and what we're back to already, is the right thing to do. And fixed charge coverage of 2.5x when we take out or better take out cap interest. So we think the company is where it should be, and we don't expect to change that.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, we gave you a 100 basis point spread in February, and we're 110 today. And a lot of that is probably just the mix of assets that ultimately will be sold. But I'll tell you, we were generally right on top of the number of the disposition cap rate we said we'd achieve and pretty close to the volume. So I mean, that's just rounding error.
David J. Neithercut: Well, as I said, we have the potential. I'm not sure that we'll get it all done. But we have the potential to begin as many as $800 million more this year to get to $1 billion. Again, I'm not sure that we'll get it all started. We don't start it this year, believe me, a lot of that will start early next year. And then with respect to construction costs, it's different across different markets. They certainly have increased. We're seeing kind of flattening, a very little growth in the kind of Boston and the D.C. metro area. And most other markets this year, we think they're rising 2% to 3%, 4%, except in the Bay Area, where we're seeing increases of plus 10%.
David J. Neithercut: Well, the stock would need to be a lot cheaper than Main Street real estate values. Again, I just want to make it clear that these were just capacity. These were just options that we have provided ourselves to take advantage of should we want to down the road. We have no intention of executing or using any of them in the near term and not use either of these options in the -- over last year or so. So we have bought stock back in the past and at levels below -- a lot less than where we are today. And we won't hesitate to do it in the future. But a lot of things have to happen with respect to the between Main Street values and real estate values.
David J. Neithercut: I want to thank you all for your time and attention today. Look forward to seeing many of you in September, if not before. Thank you.
Mark J. Parrell: David, it's Mark Parrell. Just to comment on that, I mean, tactically, Fannie and Freddie continue to work just as diligently. They continue to get back to us. There's no dysfunction occurring that we can see at all on the operational side. What they have done, though, and probably in reaction to the regulator, is to really hold spreads constant. So what you see at the time, we think that at the time we announced the Archstone transaction, the all-in rate for kind of a maximum leverage, 1.25x coverage alone, in the kind of markets we're selling out of like Phoenix, probably carried as the tenure amount of that loan would have carried a rate of 3.5% and would have had a spread of 1.7% or so. We think that spread's probably up 50 basis points, and that all-in rate is probably around 5%. And so what I would tell you is Fannie and Freddie are operating day-to-day just fine. But I would say that there has been an impact we have seen in terms of the regulators' input into spreads or some other type of input in the spread but has really caused Fannie and Freddie's rates to increase pretty substantially. But what you see also are some of these buyers are taking advantage of 7-year deals and trying to moderate some of that rate increase by just going down the duration curve. So we're seeing a little bit of that as well.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. So this year, this will be kind of the growth percent by market over 2012. Arizona was a plus 2%. California was up 5.7%. Colorado blended 12%...
Mark J. Parrell: Mike, it's Mark Parrell. So we're working on that right now. We'll be able to give you a pretty formal report in October. I mean, the good news is that whatever the sort of prepayment penalty is that gets put into that ends up offsetting to some extent. I mean, the prepayment currently is getting smaller as rates go up. So I think it's a rate that's probably in the 6s somewhere right now and probably will stay somewhere in the 6s. Because again, as rates go up, the prepayment penalty goes down and vice versa. So I'm not sure that even if rates change between now and October, I'm going to report to you a much different number than something in the 6s. It's just a matter of how we work the extension in the bargain option with Fannie Mae, and those are all details we're working on right now.
Mark J. Parrell: Probably not. But we'll go through the accounting with you when we go through it in October because it can be fairly involved.
