David Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for today's call. We were pleased that across our markets we continue to experience very deep and resilient demand for apartment living. As David Santee will explain in more detail in just a moment, despite elevated levels of new supply our portfolio performed very well during the lease confusion. Driven by great property management and operational support teams that will now deliver results for the full year that will meet or exceed our original expectations for revenue growth in every markets day one Across our portfolio we see the benefits to our business with an expanding economy producing jobs, loans, unemployment, and rising incomes which continue to drive strong and steady demand for rental housing in our core markets. As a result we now expect to achieve year-over-year growth of same store revenue and net operating income towards the upper end of our original expectations and our year-over-year growth in normalized funds from operations will be the upper end of the range we provided last February as well. So I’ll let David Santee go into more detail about how our markets performed during the extremely important third quarter and then Mark Parrell will give some color on operating expenses and our guidance for this year.
David Neithercut: All right thanks, Mark. Just a moment, a quick moment in capital allocation. As we know it in last night’s press release, our transaction activity picked up some in the third quarter with the acquisition of three assets. A stabilized 301 unit property completed in 2016 in the Wiltshire Center submarket in Los Angeles was acquired for $117 million at a cap rate for 4.5%. During the quarter we also acquired two brand new assets that were both nearing completion of their initial lease up, one in Boston, 160 unit property acquired for $116 million has stabilized cap rate of 4.5%. We also acquired a 350 unit property in Bellevue, Washington for $178 million at a stabilized cap rate of 5.3. During the quarter we disposed off one asset a 120 unit property in [Indiscernible] California built in 2002 for $53 million at a disposition yield of 4.3% and we realized a 10.1% unleveraged IRR on that investment. Now at the present time we do not expect to acquire additional assets before the year is up. So as a result the $468 million acquired through the end of the third quarter will most likely be our number for the full year, but that could change if the seller needs to complete a transaction by year end and we are incentivized to help make that happen. We also continue to actively work on the disposition of a handful of assets that could close yet this year, so we have every expectation that we will get closer to the original guidance and dispositions of $500 million for the year. On the development side, in the third quarter we were very excited to essentially complete the construction on our new 398 unit high rise tower in Seattle, just two block from high place markets. Rents and absorption rates are well above our original pro forma and we expect this asset to stabilize at a yield on cost of about 5.6%. You’ll note that the budget for this development has been increased by the $11.5 million and this represents changes in scope that have occurred since construction began on this asset in 2014. As rents continue to increase across the Seattle market, we were compelled to increase the quality of the unit appliance packages and the overall finishes of the property including the amenities in the common areas. We could not be more pleased with the job our team in Seattle did delivering this asset and the market reaction to it has been tremendous thus far. But during the quarter, we also completed our 178-year development in Washington DC's Mt. Vernon Triangle Submarket, this asset is also been very well received by the marketplace. Since occupancy began in June they’re already 69% occupied and 80% leased as rents that are very much in line with our original expectations. We expect to realize the stabilized yield on cost of this new development of 5.7% this was a job well done by a DC team. During the third quarter we started our first new development of the year, a small one, 137 units in the Capitol Hill market in Seattle. This project has a $62 million development cost and we project a high 5% stabilized yield on cost in this transaction. And it remains possible that we will start construction and one more development project before the year is out, also small 84 units in Cambridge Massachusetts. This is adjacent to an existing 186-unit asset we have in that market in the construction budget and this deal would be about $50 million and the yield on cost currently projected in the mid-5s. So before we open the call to Q&A I just wanted [Indiscernible] one additional time on having been recently recognized by GRESB for the fourth consecutive year as a leader in environmental, social and governance performance. We take our responsibilities and our commitments on these matters quite seriously here and everyone at Equity is honored that we recognize that this year's global residential listed leader. My thanks to everyone at Equity for helping, make that happen again this year. So with that James we’ll open the call to Q&A.
David Neithercut: Okay. Nick, this is David. I’ll just kind of give you a higher, lower by market. Starting with Boston, 18 deliveries slightly lower, New York slightly higher, but -- or higher but some of that is push from 17 and 18, Washington D.C. pretty much identical to 17. San Francisco little bit lower. Seattle lower, Los Angeles significantly higher 8000 up to 14 14,500, Orange County about the same 5,000, San Diego just a little bit more at 3,500 units. Just to be clear Nick this is the way we look at the – with our competitive set those projects in these marketplaces that we look at that would compete with us. So this would not be a holistic amount across an entire marketplace, but those that are within that, so defined boundary that we look as competitive to us.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess I would say, job with full employment it's probably difficult to expect outsized job. And then when we go across the markets we just look at where the supply is going to impact us. So, as an example Boston 50% of the new deliveries will be in the urban core and 20% are going to be in Cambridge. But there’s announcements of Facebook taking a sizable office spaces in Cambridge which I discussed previously. So even though there is elevated supply there we expected to be absorbed with minimal impact to rate. You know, D.C. is really, it's pretty much everywhere, but 45% of those deliveries are very concentrated in the Riverfront D.C. Central and NoMa Submarket, so places like RBC corridor where we have little – where we have a lot of product we’ll see little deliveries. Kind of going on to New York, I mean, when you look at the deliveries or even the delayed delivery, 57% of those numbers both really this year and next year are in Long Island City will we have no presence. And then Midtown West where we don't have a large presence, adding that in Jersey Waterfront is 23%, so 70%, 80% of the deliveries in New York are really not directly competing with our assets. So, I mean, I can go on through the rest of the markets, but I think that’s how we’re kind of looking at next year and our ability to drive rates and retain our residence and grab good renewal rate growth.
David Neithercut: I’ll be careful with the use of the term opportunity, Nick. Are we seeing more product? No. I think the volume is, I guess, okay. It’s still down from a year ago. I don't think we’ve seen the same amount of product that we had seen kind of in the past. And I wouldn't characterize any of it’s from an opportunity. I think there’s a lot of capital that’s maybe backed away maybe from core product, but there's still enough out there that what is getting done is getting done at the same kind of cap rates and valuations that we’ve seen first for some time. But I would not suggest that we’ve seen anything would represent as opportunities.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess I'm not sure, my comments Michael should have interpreted expecting something to crack, but more that there just would be deals that one could acquire that been recently built that might represent better sort of risk-adjusted opportunity to deploy capital rather than develop oneself at least in the marketplace today. Now as I noted, what we acquired in the third quarter two of those were deal that had been recently completed and that were in their final stages of lease-up. So we have executed couple of those. I think we got decent going in yields relative to what stabilized product might have traded for. So I wasn’t -- I'm not sure we expected anything to sort of crack, but rather there might be a flow of product. We demonstrated by buying two and my guess is that there will be opportunities for us to look at more of that product from 2018.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess, I’d say, we will consider all of those, Nick. We had board meeting in September and Mark Parrell laid out that exact situation and the options we might have with that free cash flow now that our development spend has decrease considerably over the past several years. So, we’ll consider when the time comes what we think is the best execution on behalf of our shareholders and won’t be afraid to buy if it make sense, address the dividend if it makes sense, or think about development if it make sense.
David Neithercut: Well, I think the biggest most obvious discussion for our portfolio would be Long Island City and we just haven't seen – our concern was with value hunters be willing to move out of the city into Long Island City for a better value. And we just really haven't seen that materialized. And then when you look at a big portion of what's being delivered in Brooklyn is further east. Brooklyn pretty much held up reasonably well for us. So we don't see a big chunk of these new deliveries next year really impacting us if the market continues to be disciplined the way it has this year.
David Neithercut: The transactions that are stabilized that would be our forward 12 across the acquisition. And on the lease-up it would be the second 12 month period of ownership.
David Neithercut: Depending on the marketplace it would either be – that could include some combination of burn off of perhaps what the developer might offered in concessions, as well as some sort of rent growth. Yes, there would be some view as to what would be taking place on the rent side in that second 12 month period.
David Neithercut: Well, all I could give you today would be kind of a snapshot of our market rents relative to our exposure and today across the portfolio, market rents versus the same week last year are up about 2.5% which bodes very well considering we’re in the entering the slower time of the year.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess that would be a market by market discussion, but I gave you all of the Q3 lease over lease numbers in my prepared remarks.
David Neithercut: Well, I think if you look at some of the data stops, they’re using the statistical MSA which if you use New York as an example goes all the way down to almost Philadelphia far west into New Jersey, further up into outer New York almost Connecticut. And in our portfolio in New York is really Manhattan, a little bit on the Jersey waterfront and then a little bit in Brooklyn. So we just kind of draw a circle around all of that and focus on the deliveries within that boundary. This year or last year we decided to include Long Island city which really is a different price point probably a different -- a little bit different demographic knowing that new submarket could draw residents from the city. So, I think we’re very conservative in giving ourselves, being intellectually honest withdrawing these boundaries plus we’re going all the way down to kind of five level – five-unit communities, so we’re including everything knowing that anything that's on the market for lease could impact demand in our footprint.
David Neithercut: So the increase in New York for 2018, some of that is a push going back back to that delayed units, it's you probably couple thousand units that are being moved from 2017 in the 2018. Now when you look at where all of these deliveries are, the largest concentration and when I say concentration I mean literally within a couple of blocks of each other. 57% of the number for 2018 is 19,000 units. So 57% of those 19,000 units are predominantly in Long Island city and Far East and North Brooklyn. Okay. So we have probably four smaller assets in Brooklyn. We have nothing in Long Island city, but we have incorporated that into our own customized but competitive set knowing that because of the value opportunity in Long Island city that some folks could [Indiscernible] to save on rent.
David Neithercut: I guess, it's perhaps all of the above, Alex. And again, I'm not sure that I ever implied there is going to be some tsunami wave of these deals coming but you also many of these markets see them all going up and our expectations is over some accretive time. May not, maybe that's some of them had been delayed because construction has been delayed, some maybe want to get stabilized, maybe some have got some institutional capital it's willing to sit for several year. I mean, it's all of the above. But we certainly will expect to see some of those brought to market as I know we bought two. So, certainly they, some of them are already are being brought to market. I'm sure we've underwritten scheds more than just the two that we've acquired and I'm sure that we will look at more yes this year and certainly into 2018. But I'm not so sure that there is any reason why there's a fewer today that I may have led you to believe when we talked about this pool of potential investment opportunities have on horizon. We're looking at them, we bought a couple and we'll certainly look at more. But I don’t think there's been any change necessarily in the flow of that product.
David Neithercut: Well, 2014 a lawsuit was brought against us because of our late rate late payments and process and procedures and I will just sort of tell you things like this and sort of standard operating procedure for a company like us and particularly in complex in California.
David Neithercut: Well, we haven’t, we're not really underwriting anything new at this point in time. But we certainly there have been numerous city council initiatives what have you that involves fees and taxes and we always update those items when we are underwriting either an acquisition or a new development.
David Neithercut: Well, I think, I mean we targeted several of our larger buildings or buildings that were across the street from one and other that we may have used one manager to run two or three buildings and we felt that in this very competitive environment we want to make sure that our residents were being serviced that we had appropriate resources to administer our renewal programs, to ensure the sales were in tip top shape. And when we discussed that at the beginning of the year, most of that was put in place and we really have it made any further adjustments since then. We don’t see we have not really added staffing solely because of packages. We are more focused on 24/7 package rooms that we have been extremely focused on delivering to our employees this year. So, I mean when you look at the wage growth wage pressure, with the retail slowdown however you want it to categorize what's going on with retail, office employees are not really that under pressure. It's more on the service side, the guys that know how to fix refrigerators and HVACs and what have you. So, we feel good about the changes that we made year-to-date for the most part where pretty stable right now.
David Neithercut: Yes. And just to reiterate what we said earlier. Just because projects are being quote-and-quote delayed from their final completion, does not mean their doors did not open for occupancy when originally expected and certainly they begin marketing those units 60, 90 days in advance. So, just because something gets quote-on-quote sort of delayed or its completion gets pushed back, it does not mean it was not in the competitive set during the third quarter. That was possible but it's just and in our own experience it's been on two deals that on this press release we're notifying you for the first time have been delayed, their doors were open as we expected and first occupancies took place as we expected and the delays did not impact any of that. So, we'll just use that as an example of being careful about drawing too much out of the fact that things have completions have been pushed back.
David Neithercut: Oh, I see. Okay, I got it. So, with respect to the urgency. I think what we saw a year ago primarily in San Francisco was people could cut rents from the marketplace and still exceed the original expectations of other rental levels, that's not the case now. I think that people that rent today are in the ballpark of what people underwrote and they have to preserve try those levels. And so, they have to be disciplined with respect to achieving those. And I think that may very well explain what we're seeing this year relative to what we saw in San Francisco a year ago.
David Neithercut: So, it's less the financing market and more just where rents are today relative to their original pro formas.
David Neithercut: Sure. That was a construction defect lawsuit and lawyers were able to resolve in a favorable way for us. So, we received the money and you can't capitalize it, it has to go through an income account. And so we do exclude it from normalized FFO even though it's a benefit.
David Neithercut: And we do consider all those areas within our competitive sort of trade areas, they are going back to the conversation about sort of the boundaries, Belltown, Queen Anne, downtown Salt Lake Union Capital Hill, Belleview -- I mean they are all considered part of that trade area.
David Neithercut: No it’s just – since its a trade area, I just want to make it clear that area that we consider new product being built to compete with us, so that would, all those markets would be included in that area.
David Neithercut: Oh yes, my guys certainly are tracking all those things, they now examine, we’ve got platforms you can go online and see every potential site who owns it, what’s being contemplated to be built, when our teams expect it to start, when our teams expect it to be not just completed but available for occupancy and they track all that information absolutely.
David Neithercut: Yeah well thank you everybody. We’ll see a lot of you in Dallas next month. Thanks for your time this morning.
Mark Parrell: Thank you, David and good morning. I want to take a couple of minutes to talk today about our same store expenses, our revised full year normalized FFO guidance and our capital markets activities. Our same store expenses were up 1.7% for the third quarter and this was driven by a relatively modest increase in payroll and utilities and an increase of 2.9% in property taxes. On the plus side, the third quarter property tax increase was considerably less than we had expected due to favourable results we obtained on several property tax appeals. Our annual property tax expense guidance included an estimate of appeal success based on the many years of experience of our in house property tax team and we had a few large appeals that were resolved sooner than we had anticipated in our guidance. And as we discussed on the July call, leasing and advertising expense growth has as expected turned negative for the quarter and year-to-date , newly non-existent spending on resident gift cards as David Santee mentioned is driving the reduction. Switching to the year-to-date numbers, our same store expenses are up 2.9% for the first nine months of 2017, again increases in real-estate taxes and onside payroll continue to be the primary drivers of this growth. Same store payroll expense was up 4.7% through the first nine months of the year. As we have discussed on previous calls we continue to be impacted in this category by a combination of wage pressure to retain our property level employees in a very competitive market and the addition of staff in some markets to provide even better service to our residents and the support resident retention. These factors and a higher estimate for certain employee medical insurance and workmen’s comp claims have caused us to maintain our estimate that on-site payroll will grow about 6% for the full year. We have revised our full year same store property tax expense increased guidance to 3.4% and that’s down from our previous 4% to 4.5% growth expectation all for the reasons I just mentioned. This improvement in our estimate of real estate tax expense growth in turn drove the reduction and our same store expense growth guidance to 3.2% which is slightly below the low end of our previous guidance range. Moving onto normalized FFO, in our earnings release we provided a full year same store revenue increased guidance expectation of 2.2% and that’s at the high end of our previous range driven by the factors that David Santee just discussed. This revenue number and our new expense growth guidance of 3.2% will lead to an increase in same store NOI of 1.8% which is slightly above the top end of our previous range. For our annual normalized FFO guidance we are picking up two pennies per share and higher property NOI with a contribution from both our better same store performance and strong performance from our leased up properties. We will see a one penny offset to this improvement due to slightly higher interest expense due to the size of our debt issuance as well as other items including a slight increase in corporate overhead. Combining all of this the result is a modest increase to our normalized FFO guidance midpoint to $3.12 per share from $3.11 per share. Now going to the balance sheet, as we discussed in our earnings release, we issued $700 million of unsecured debt in August and that consisted of $400 million of 10-year notes and $300 million of 30 year notes. Our July guidance included an assumption that we would issue about 500 million in tenure notes this year, recognizing the strength of a third year market, we decided to add a third year issuance while slightly pairing down to 10 year note issuance and indeed overall demand was exceptional for us. We were over four times oversubscribed, our tenure was down at a coupon of 3.25% and an all in rate of 3.32% and the third year has a 4% coupon and an all in effective rate of 4.11%. The third year was our lowest cost third year issuance ever and one of the lowest third year unsecured bond coupons and REIT industry history. We used the proceeds to pay down our outstanding commercial paper and revolve the balance. We thank our many strong supporters in a fixed income community for this terrific result. So all-in-all better than expected revenue, expense and NOI results, a slight increase in our normalized FFO and a very good unsecured debt issuance. I’ll turn the call back over to David Neithercut.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Rich, it’s Mark Parrell. So just going over to the quarter-over-quarter numbers and giving you a little bit of background. Average rental rate physical occupancy and turnover are all numbers we compute solely with regards to the residential portfolio which is 96 plus percent of our income. We do have as you know, retail in the base of our buildings as tenant amenities dry cleaners and the like. That number that we report, the revenue number for the quarter for Seattle which was 4.9%, that number does include retail garage than anything else. So we had some retail vacancy in the third quarter in Seattle. We also had some stuff that was really a timing issue that will correct itself in the fourth quarter. So if you would've look at that number, 4.9 it would have in the 6% number just on residential. But again it's not anything particularly material and a great deal that will reverse itself in the fourth quarter.
Mark Parrell: And I’ll just, before we go to next question, I had one little other piece of information to you Dennis with respect to that lease over lease. The number that David gave you 90 basis points is our total lease over lease. 12 month lease expiring over a 12 month lease which's been writing is half that amount, so it's about negative 40 basis.
Mark Parrell: Hey John, it's Mark. Some of this is just wage growth as we said because there are wage pressures in the field. But there also are and we mentioned this on the prior earnings call as well, some adjustments that we are making that are very hard for us to predict. To work means comp and medical insurance reserves, we are self-insured. So, as a result of that when those items run through the numbers, they can impact on the margin a bit. So, when you look at what's going on and we talk about a 6% number for the year, a fair amount of that kind of part over 4% is probably driven by these workman's comp and medical insurance reserve adjustments that we made the last few quarters. And that we're making estimates up in the fourth quarter that could change a fair amount. We're wrong, that number could be a fair amount lower than 6% or a bit higher, it's just very hard for us to pack.
Mark Parrell: We've had labor challenges particularly on the construction side across all of our markets and those continues. I noted actually in San Francisco our Brannan property has been in the last 120 so wide units have been delayed because of this challenge is getting people on site. I have not heard anyone attribute any marginal worsening of that problem because resources have been deployed in taxes of our floor. So, I can't tell you that's the case but we continue to just see labor shortages and our contractors whereas our tradesman are all kind of continuing to sing the blues in that regard. But haven’t heard anyone suggest it that's got worse because of the hurricanes.
Mark Parrell: Again it's Mark Parrell. I mean, no just the map here means that in the fourth quarter, our quarter-over-quarter number could be anywhere from 1.9% to 2.3% and still map out to the two two number that we put out to you. And really it's very small changes in occupancy and as we said a moment ago, we're really not buyers in the thesis that there are delays that are meaningful in deliveries that are impacting our numbers. So, there is a margin air in these numbers but we would generally expect the number in the fourth quarter that we report quarter-over-quarter to be reasonably consistent with third quarter number or quarter-over-quarter that we just reported.
Mark Parrell: We have ongoing appeals in every market. And we underwrite and try and guess and it's really a very good educated guess as to how many of those appeals wind up getting recognized as income received or reduction of our taxes. But it's an estimate and sometimes things happen a little faster or a little slower than we expect.
Mark Parrell: I think you can think about the tax appeal as worth give or take $2 million and then the rest of it is a combination of revenue being better than we thought in the same store set and non-same store predominant lease up income being better than we thought.
David Santee: Okay. So, the downtown market continues to be under pressure. That is the b bottom performing submarket. The best performance is in the Peninsula, and then East Bay, South Bay, Berkeley kind of all in between, but very similar.
David Santee: Juan, its David Santee. As far as concessions on lease-up, I mean, it’s been very stable and within expectations places like Seattle, even our Brannan deal in Downtown San Francisco. We had very strong demand, so we didn't come out of the chute with the standard one month concession. And everywhere else it's pretty consistently. I mean, there's not no markets that are giving more than one month on lease-up at least in the lease for our portfolio and we don't we haven't seen any change through the peak season.
David Santee: Well, there is several reasons. I can tell you that our property in San Francisco our Brannan asset is just having some issues getting sufficient labor to close out the last 122 or so units on that property. And then on property cascade in Seattle, we had some issues completing some of the exterior work because of some work that we'd be done – being done across the street that was sort of closing down some streets or some sidewalks that caused delay. But its very important sort of note with respect to these two deals. Each of them have been pushed back maybe one or maybe one a couple of orders, but that did not push back at all the date upon which those properties were first made available for lease. So I think it’s a very important thing we get ask a lot of questions about what's happening with – is your performance and the result of property being pushed back or completion being pushed back and this is a perfect example of why we don’t really pay a lot of attention to those being pushed back. These deals were pushed back but did not affect when they open and available in the marketplace, and it will not affect the overall leasing velocity and overall performance of these assets despite that one being pushed back a quarter and I think being pushed back a couple of quarters.
David Santee: Well, I mean obviously the closer you are to closer to property is to it sounds like giving in the more it's going to be influenced by Amazon. But we have a wide range of people living with the works for different employers but again I mean we measure that every so often but it's not necessarily concerning at any one community. I guess that's all I could give you for now.
David Santee: Yes. David's comments about HQ2 weren't specifically citing that but just mentioning that we did see a little kind of wobble if you will of some of our pricing around that time. But as you also noted in his prepared remarks, the markets recover and he's now operating the same levels that it had from most of this summer. But certainly as we think about looking at Seattle which represents maybe only 8% or 9% of our NOI, we take all of these things into consideration, the impact of gorillas like Amazon and Microsoft and issues with fees and regulations and all those things will be part of what we'll consider is we underwrite the future cash flow streams of the assets we want to either build or acquire.
David Santee: Well again, I mean, I know there was a large buyer in the East Bay in a new development that certainly would help the East Bay. David just discussed our experience at our Brannan property in downtown. But again the fire certainly is taking something out of the mix and pushing it out another year or two. But we have not seen anything that is categorized as delayed but has not begun to lease up. So, the units coming to market are still coming to market as we expected when we began the year.
David Santee: So, this is David Santee. I think we've kind of talked previously that real-estate taxes are a big driver. It's 40% of our total operating expense and one of the key inputs to that are the increases or the step ups in our 421-a in New York which will add probably a 150 basis point to normalize real-estate tax growth up through 2020. So, for the past several quarters or year we've talked about real-estate tax growth of 4% to 5% up through 2020. And then everything else is payroll is obviously our second biggest expense group wage pressures this year. We probably would expect a little bleed in the next year. And then utilities we are trying to or making investments into LED lighting, a lot of energy conservation. At the same time, we kind of try to lock in future natural gas prices that add significant discounts year-over-year. So, all in all I mean I think expenses going forward, we kind of always said three handle.
David Santee: So almost all of the delivery in 2018 is going to be in downtown CBD. So that is compared to this year, it’s a pretty meaningful reduction, relative to what was delivered this year in North Seattle. I mean the bulk of it is really CBD.
