David Neithercut: Thank you, Mark. Before we open the call to questions I want to provide a little perspective release our perspective on the impact in the single family housing market on our business. And I am going to start by telling you that only 65 more of our residents told us that they moved out to buy a home in the first quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of ’09.  Only 65 more move outs to buy a home and I was on a base of 12,000 move outs. Now that activity to purchase homes concentrated only a few of our markets Phoenix, Inland Empire, Orlando, Denver and Northern Virginia. But it appears that much of our reconfigured portfolio seems unaffected. With the strong increase in occupancy we’ve realized during the quarter it seems us to indicate that increased new home sales even though, that’s juiced by the expiring government subsidies has not hurt our operating results and at least not in the near term. The other question is, as economic conditions improved will the single family housing market have a material negative impact on our results. And I will start with an increasingly we believe the answer is no.  We certainly acknowledged that there is certainly some pent up demand for single family homes within our resident population but it seems that this demand is greatly reduced; it seems to us that the physiology of potential home buying appears to be changing. There is a much greater understanding and focus now, on the many down sides of homeownership, especially the heavy acre homeownership can have on a generation of young adults that understand that they may work for many different employers and possibly in many different cities over their working lots. This is yet a another reason we feel so very optimistic about the fundamentals of our business going forward.  And with that operator will be happy to open the call for questions.
David Neithercut: I tell you Michael we’ve had the improvements in fundamental we’ve experienced today without any real net job growth to speak of so if you are going out 12, 24 months and there are many out there I am trying to make you think that we could be adding 3 million jobs a year we just think fundamentals are only going to get better.
David Neithercut: The assets were buying generally have less capital, per unit than the assets that were selling and one of the reasons we often sell assets is because they have a disproportionate amount of capital relative to the returns. I don’t know that it’s fair to do that to suggest that the dispositioned assets are going to have less capital I think they would have more capital in general.
David Neithercut: Well clearly AFFO was significantly less dilutive particularly when you account for the fact Michael that our history has been we’re selling 2 if not 3 units of what might be averaging plus $1000 of CapEx to buy one unit which would be CapEx on the lower side of a $1000 so the number on an AFFO basis that dilution is far less.
David Neithercut: I can’t tell you exactly some sort of number that equates to a certain amount of rental increase. I can just tell you that we are already seeing rental increases net effective increases in rents across all of our markets today and that is again with little net new job growth in those markets.  So if the pattern holds with no new supply and what we think is maybe a change in the perceptive or the attitude about homeownership of many of our residents and we get job growth they obviously we think that they were going into a 12, 24 maybe in 36 month period here some of the best rental growth that we seen.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess we will continue to look at both and trying to do what we think is the right thing for our shareholders. We are certainly aware of the increase in that stock price. We did issue stock to help acquire the macro portfolio. But we still do have 1.5 billion or if not more of assets that we probably like to sell and if we can sell those at attractive prices we think that would be the best way to fund our acquisition pipeline going forward. I think if we were to get ourselves into a net acquisition mode, then we would have to look seriously at the ATM. But I think that a lot of those great opportunities are behind us, we were a net buyer over the past four to five months. But I think that we will probably look the more just in a trading mode going forward.
David Neithercut: Well for an acquisition side, I wish we are not seeing a lot of opportunities today. We did as I said in the fourth quarter saw some opportunities come at a time when we became far more confident in the capital market and our ability to fund ourselves going forward. So we were able to take a lot of the cash we had quoted and jump on those opportunities.  And I think the macro acquisitions, the deals we have done in Washington DC have just absolutely been a tremendous deal and you think about what’s happened to care free compressions since those deals have been acquired as well as what’s happening in the top lines since those deals have been acquired.  We’ve done exceptionally well on them. I wish we had a pipeline of similar opportunities, Michelle but with few deals that are out there and the amount of capital that’s there those key deals that are being offered are being priced very competitively. In fact we are looking at a deal now and I won’t say the market, but we think it's probably being offered close to replacement cost today. Now recently built deal stabilized but we can sort of buy out of development cost without any of the construction risk. But our focus continues to be on Boston, New York, Washington, Southern California, Seattle San Francisco markets that’s where our key focus has been, but again as I said which we could I can tell you we have lot more opportunities there, but we have not for lack of trying our guys are out there talking to everybody underwriting a lot of stuff, but there are few deals and lot of people looking to buy them and we’re not terribly interested in being the winning bidder of our deal that's been competed on by 100 other people.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess our biggest concern for a long time has been a double dip and it looks like that’s behind us so we are delighted that we are seeing improvement in our business that we are without a lot of job growth and so we will not get the kind of inflection that we are hoping it will get along with that job growth. We certainly concerned about interest rates and interest expense going up in March done a great job, hedging some of that exposure for us going forward but we certainly aware of the impact that could have on our balance sheet going forward.
David Neithercut: Well, that’s an interesting question, because we asked that our sales, is the change that we’ve seen in cap rates, would that happened if there was a normal level of supply being offered in the marketplace.  But I tell you I think that’s been it’s been a function of the amount of capital versus the little supply, as well as just be expectations of the improving fundamental that we are seeing.  So, I am not sure but it solely because there has been so much capital and little supply, Dustin I think it’s all for just a recognition that, we are at the beginning of some serious improvement in operating fundamentals. 
David Neithercut: Well, all the acquisitions we’ve done over the past five months we were underwriting in the low double-digit IRR, and I’d said quite strongly on our prior calls. That I still saw no reason why we couldn’t significantly out perform those.  With pricing where it is today with initially yields having going down 75 basis points maybe with the 100 basis points are some of these markets. I hopefully get underwrite to nine handle IRR but it’s might even be solve for that. 
David Neithercut: Fred just said we are doing 20% ay NCL I mean we are. But you know you are just seeing some retail sales up, you are seeing fine dining up without any of the job growth. So I think people that have been hoarding their cash sitting on their savings worried about going outdoors are finally realizing that the sun starting to come out and its maybe sort time to live again and again with occupancy as tight as it is in many of these markets and very low new supply, we are being able to push this through.  So I think there is very little out there. That is going to keep us from really being able to push rents going forward particularly when we get some of this job growth happening again.  Its going to be a long lag before any new supply comes on line I mean we have got 36 months before anybody can start delivering any meaningful supply in New York may be we got little bit of supply coming now and but longer term across the portfolio we think that the fundamentals looking absolutely tremendous. 
David Neithercut: I don’t I mean I mean I am not going to forecast that, but there were markets in which we had double-digit year-over-year rental growth for two, three years in a row. If there is one thing out there maybe it goes back to Michelle’s question, and Fred already alluded to it.  We just don’t know how much money these new jobs are going to be paying and we are able in a place like New York to get double-digit revenue growth from multiple years in a row because incomes were high and really growing not quite sure what’s going to happen to income and maybe what kind of impact that could have what government could have on some of our increases, but I will just tell you that I think people are going to be cognoscenti and accept to the fact they may have to pay more of their income for rent going forward.
David Neithercut: Well how much of PPI is rent; I mean it’s not a big number, its 30 or so percent. If you X that then you got to look at PPI impact just in what you might be able to get from the efficiencies and economies and what have you, but I think that putting all that aside I just think that we’ve got fiscal sort of issues in the country that are going to have an impact on inflation at some point of time and it could be in a very near future.
David Neithercut: No I think that we probably got more aggressive on our underwriting expectations giving the low starting point and the improvement in fundamentals that we began to see as early as the fourth quarter. Well we might have underwritten some of these acquisitions, a decline in revenues in the first year meaning 2010. We underwrote probably in every single acquisition of four, five are up, six at least one year and then we would have stabilize maybe in a 3% to 3.5%, maybe year five going forward. I am happy to tell you that the macro portfolio that we acquire in New York our current treatment there today about 4% higher then what we had underwritten back December-January. So I distressed in the discussion we’ve had about those acquisitions that I had every expectation that we should outperform just given the way that we had looked at those in the early years and the improvement that we thought we were seeing right around the corner.
David Neithercut: Well, clearly this is where a yield generating cash generating asset and interest rates will impact our yield requirements, but increasing by interest rates that inflation or good for real estate and increasing interest rates will impact family home mortgages which is not a bad thing for us. But there is very few sticks and bricks available for the amount of capital is out there today and there is no more being build and so while cap rates or yield requirements might have to go up, I don’t think that they will go up at the same rate as they might have in the past with an increase in interest rates.
David Neithercut: I guess I’ve said a lot way that with the improvement in fundamentals and with the compression in cap rates on existing assets that developments could make sense more quickly than what a lot of people thought. And again we are doing our deal in Manhattan and we just bought that the partial in Virginia. We continue to look at finding existing streams of cash flow and comparing those yields in our IRRs to create building or creating new streams of cash flow and needing to make sure that those makes sense. So if initial yields continue to go down and IRRs are in the eighth range it could make development, make more sense sooner. And again it’s a core competency of ours. We’ve got the terrific team across the country and if it makes more sense on a risk-adjusted basis to pursue development we won't be afraid to do that, I think that we’ve demonstrated with the properties that we’ve delivered recently and know that we will soon deliver then it’s a core competency and we have the ability to deliver terrific assets and assets today but I’ll tell you that a year ago we probably deliver at a value that was less than cost, but today giving were yields are and leasing and we are probably going to deliver these today at cost which is a terrific turnaround for that portfolio. So again we’re going to look at what we have to pay for just in terms of income versus the build streams of income and we’re not afraid to do either.
David Neithercut: None, I mean as of current rent expectations, we lease that up at current rents today we’re just a little under 8% and if we trend those all were over 8%.
David Neithercut: We aren't seeing a lot more. We are involved in lot of discussions Jay, with a lot of banks and we keep up about of other financial institutions that have troubled books, but really with LIBOR as low as it is in their cost of funds so low and the banks really not wanting I think to raise capital again some of the losses they would then after. There just has not been a lot of product which really spin often frankly. We speculate, we wonder internally whether an increase in LIBOR might force the banks to get rid of some of these assets they have in their balance sheet, that makes it harder for them to carry those assets makes them harder for them to pretend that the asset is carrying because they re-strike these loans of LIBOR plus 300 which is great when LIBOR is 25 basis points, it will be that harder when LIBOR is 2%. So we are vigilant, we are out there, we’re talking every bank as much as we can but the truth in not much have happened that way.
David Neithercut: So we think about a couple with things when we consider whether to issue now or to issue later. First is the existence of our hedges, so we have about $900 million of hedges that exist right now to hedge some of that risk. So some of that risk is 2011 rate, some is 12, some is 13 so not all of that applies to be a debt that we need to refinance. Some of our debt next year must be secured debt because of the restructuring which it is, so 300 of that have to be secured debt so that won’t be financed unsecured. As a final sort of factor, if we refinance the debt now and carry it, so it just sits on our balance sheet as cash for certainly a great amount of dilution and we sort of calculate that to mean that we would be paying 30 to 40 basis points more for the money. So effectively right now EQR can borrow as 540 have that cash and sit there to the middle of 2011 and the real cost to us is about 517. So I can wait till rates move to 570 and (inaudible) in terms of the cost to our shareholders. So we just kind of balanced those two out, Jay. We just don't ever use for the money on the debt side right now.
David Neithercut: I think you are right, I mean we sold we were selling deals in 2009, late ‘09 with a seven handle and we bought this deal the macro transaction to 5.5 but that’s on the FFO basis and I forget who was asking about AFFO, it was Michael I think. So the real dilution is less now but it is dilutive and it could be dilutive for longer than just one year. But we think that the gap will rapidly close and certainly from a total return basis we will do significantly better with the assets that we’ve been buying versus also we’ve been selling.
David Neithercut: Timing matters a lot, Rich as you’re suggesting. Our disposition, our back end loaded our acquisitions are front end loaded. 
David Neithercut: Because of that our line is going to carry some of these deals for quarter or two as we go and sell for that.
David Neithercut: At the high end I mean this is it would be very equivalent to our highest quality properties that are currently in our portfolio bill.
David Neithercut: I don’t think there is any question that are resolved of better underwriting as I told you our macro deals that are asking rents today are consistent with what you said you heard at Manhattan 4% higher market rents today that we underwrote as well as cap rates that have come in 25, 50 basis points plus so would have been significantly more expensive to acquire those assets today and my guess is you could say that about every asset that we bought.
David Neithercut: It depends on a market-by-market, sort of analysis we, that the deal we did in Manhattan, with the deal in Chelsea, and a place like that would probably be much narrower than if you are trying to do something and wont be considered s non-supply constraint markets.  So again it depends on each individual situation and frankly also depends on whether or not they really truly are acquisition opportunities. Sometimes, we gone forward with development deals when there have been actually no acquisition opportunities available in those market place, so there really was nothing to compare that development yield to that particular time.  But clearly you need to make sure that you’re getting some premium when your building a stream of income as opposed to be able to buy an existing stabilized stream of income. Whether or not that’s 100 or 105 or 150 and I’m not so sure they will be dictated by each individual situation.
David Neithercut: Well, if I would put the shovel in the ground today we would be building those at less cost than what we actually did build them at. So I will answer the question little differently by telling you that what kind of yield we think we will now achieve on those deals at the actual cost we incurred, again which will be a premium to current replacement cost. And those are probably low five handles, but those are markets where cap rates are at low fives if not fours, which is why I say I think we’re back to a point where values are close to cost.
David Neithercut: I mean I think that’s a pretty fair characterization, it’s only about 7.5% of our NOI that sits in those other markets. When we look at the really incredible transformation of the company over the last two years on the concentration of our efforts to concentration frankly of your questions of our investors concerns are all on those markets listed in 15 up. So that’s really where we focused its not necessary true that every single asset in that 71 property list that is in the all other categories is a disposition target but many of them are.
David Neithercut: Well, I am not sure I understand the question the last part of that but just in terms of gain of lease or loss of lease that’s not anything that we calculated Michael, clear we got some markets where rents are still rolling down to lower number but we got more and more markets are single day and which expiring leases are now going to be rewritten had add to higher numbers. But just in terms of taking of the entire portfolio looking at of that manner we not bother did you that.
David Neithercut: Well I guess people will be reporting over the next weaker so and I think you’ll have be yet [Technical Difficulty]
David Neithercut: Well I think you will have been seeing, essentially what happened in the (inaudible) is that as we got in towards the end ’09 and early 2010 you saw cap rate compression in the more higher barrier, more institutional quality markets and did not see much of a change in the secondary or tertiary markets. And that’s one of the reason we slowed down our disposition process, because we thought that Delta had widened out and essentially what happens I think is that capital see our competitive pricing is in the better quality assets and those better quality markets, its gone, it seeks a more appropriate yield elsewhere. And so we are starting to now see that (inaudible) of cap rates are coming a little bit and that lower quality or secondary and tertiary markets and you are starting to now see more imbalance between the spreads on the cap rates between those two market places. So, yes I think the answer to question is yes, you are seeing that capital goal elsewhere it just finds its required yield and has to go down quality do so it will.
David Neithercut: Well, I’m not quite sure exactly what people are underwriting on the non–coastal markets because we are not underwriting any ourselves, but I will tell you that what we’ve seen across our portfolio is pretty as Fred had said earlier is pretty consistent across all the portfolio, when I would expect that even in those non-core markets what we consider our secondary markets you are seeing in fundamental improvement there. I would not expect those to be quite the same because I think they don’t have the barriers to supply and much of the place that they are having some other job growth at the price point of job that we might see in some of our markets but I certainly believe you’ll be seeing some improvement in fundamental and those other market as well 
David Neithercut: Very good question one that I am not going to be able to answer with the great deal of accuracy. For several reasons a lot of those condo deals that might be also had a lot of retail sales going into them and so they are just remaining units and some third parties made buy those inventory of units and turn them into some sort of rental operation. The ability actually find 100% vacant probably that has been conceived as condo and convert it in its totality into apartments. We’ve not seen a great deal of opportunity there, we have seen some over the last few years; I mean obviously we've just struck this once. There are other things in some of the part and also condo that don't make really sense for apartments, to be operating as apartments. Some of those condo deals are just individual apartments are just too large. We’d like to operate one bedroom apartments that are 600 or so square feet and some condo properties have been conceived and built of 900 square foot one bedrooms and what we’d like to operate two-bedroom properties at 900-950 or so square feet, some of those condo deals can be 15,000 square feet so they don’t work as a parts and so just the number of those that I am really do work as apartments I cant tell you that we’ve worked on probably over the last year looking may be a half a dozen opportunities and we just struck on this one and I am not terrible optimistic that there will be a lot of other such opportunities but if we could find them that they were totally vacant that had apartment sizes that our unit sizes that make sensible apartments we’ve be happy to do it again.
David Neithercut: Well, I think that we are impacted I think ever so little about single family product being made available for rent in certain markets but again we have not seen a big move out as I mentioned earlier people moving out of our apartments to buy single family homes nor to move out through rent single family homes. It doesn’t mean that can happen that won’t happen but I would say even if it goes we think that’s going to be in an economic climate in the job climate in which there will more than enough new prospects to back field that vacancy.
David Neithercut: Okay will great well, for those you got it out today. Thank you very much and I appreciate your time to look forward to see many of you here in Chicago at June may release. Thanks very much.
Fred Tuomi: This is Fred Tuomi. It’s pretty much a broad based recovery that we are seeing and we are very happy we have to look pretty deep to find some negative news right now. So we are very pleased with this the scope and the breadth of this recovery. Certain markets are on the leading edge of that and some are lacking, those typically that went in first are coming out the strongest. And those like the West Coast market that kind went in last fell little bit deeper they are likely little on recovery but all markets on recovery right now.
Fred Tuomi: That’s absolutely true, the supply constraint markets are complete in recovery and that we’re seeing some very strong spike ups in the rent that along with the occupancy, first we got the occupancy started in Q4 we continued through Q1 and just recently we have seen the rates fall and pretty dramatically Seattle is a good example of that.  Seattle was the last one into the recession it fell hard it fell deep that is coming back extremely fast our rents are up in Seattle almost 20% from the beginning of the year and with that they did loose a lot of jobs but we see jobs coming back they may not be reported in the national statistics yet, but this anecdotally on the ground, we’re hearing and we are seeing examples such as technology input jobs coming back in Seattle, Microsoft is certainly stable and adding to their new hiring and their intense Amazons bringing lot of new people in, the bioreceptors hiring mowing is stable and probably will start ramping up and in San Francisco we are seeing on a leading edge the return of temporary tech workers and that I think is a leading indicator that the tech sector is recovering and is going to continue to hire as they invent new ways to ploy the technology both on the software and the hardware side and the same thing in New York on the ground we are seeing new people coming in with fresh new jobs, new pay checks need not be high as the other folks a few years ago but we’re seeing new people in terms of consultants, accountants, attorneys, professional services coming into New York, coming into Virginia, so we’re seeing lots of little examples out there leading indicators of job growth in those supply constraint markets because that is where the job centers are that ‘s where these people want to live and we are very excited about this trend.
Fred Tuomi: It’s a combination of couple of factors. One is that the significant lower turnover. One thing we are seeing in the marketplace is people aren’t moving. They are not transferring to within our communities to lower price units they are not taking their room mates, they are pretty much (inaudible) in the renewal leases. And on those renewals at higher retention rate we are getting higher increases. So, we are seeing that renewal increase is up 2.6 of this and in April we have finished and May and June are looking like they are going to be 3 and maybe 3.5. So, we are getting good lift from the renewal base. Traffic overall has increased over last year. So, the demand is there but we are actually leasing fewer apartments, there are occupancy gain that is really a function of increased retention a lower turnover primarily. That gives us the opportunity then to start pushing the new lease rate. So, I noticed that the new lease rates as David mentioned are up year-over-year because the line early March and they are up significantly year-to-date from January to now and that trend is actually accelerating as we speak. So as the combination of the rotation of the rent roll, people are staying put at a higher proportion, they are paying higher rents and those coming in are paying closer to the rent of those closer to move-out. Put all that together and is building a good firm, steady consistent growth in our rent rolls.
Fred Tuomi: Florida has been interesting; it’s been in dislocation for a quite some time. There is one of the first ones going to be in a trouble. We’re happy to see South Florida is quickly coming back. It’s one of our leading recovery markets right now, occupancy firmed up and now we are seeing some good strong rate growth in South Florida. Rates are up, net effective new lease rates are up 6% little bit more than 6% year-over-year from this time last year and since the begin of the year up almost 5%. So we’re seeing a good stable occupancy and good rapid current lease rates and renewal rates in South Florida. I think as the single family is clearing right there, job losses have stabilized, they have got some infrastructure projects going on, might give us a little bit job growth, long term and still worry about South Florida because population and helpful formation data is still slightly negative. Going up to state Northern Florida is little bit behind that Orlando is having little more problem in getting risked off in Orlando. Its starting but its starting very recently, we had okay occupancy but rate is tougher in Orlando to push the rate. There they have a significant single family over-hang a very cheap single family, lot of people are still buying homes, lot of investors are buying homes and putting them in the rental market. So Orlando is going to take a little bit longer conclude the single family issue but I’m optimistic on Orlando because their economy is really well positioned. In fact well diversified, it’s not just tourism anymore; UCF is now the third largest university in the country. They've got Lockheed getting a lot of good contracts. They’ve got a biomedical facility and use medical school. Tourism has stabled. Disney has now stabilized in terms of deployment and growing hours. So that’s the good thing from a horizon for Orlando.
Fred Tuomi: Yeah, we were talking about this phenomena recently and we feel also what’s happening out there is this is a rotation of our renters. Earlier in the downturn we had the rotation again the people were moving out they are going home to their parents they were doubling up or tripling up households they are going to more cheaper living accommodation that we had people move outs and transfers we can see a reduction.  Now I think we are beginning to see the unwinding of that and this anecdotally comments we got from people in our field that people are starting to uncouple these room mates. We are selling lot of studios right now New York by like David Santee had mentioned that’s an indication that people feel confident, that’s they are willing to take on a living space by there own, on their own and may be they are just getting sick and tried of those roommates after six months and those people living at home with their parents and probably the parents are sick and tired of them what help they are living at home so I think people get a little more confidence in the economy those who have jobs feel more secure perhaps without jobs are optimistic and now we are seeing a little more rotation and movement within our sector.
Fred Tuomi: We have heard that there are conversations of those sorts going on with all sorts of private folks who look at their portfolio. Sometimes it's an exit from being over levered, frankly, which is a lot of what occurred back in ‘93 as well right. In some cases I think these folks are going to realize the amount of G&A involved in that exercise, the amount of effort involved in that exercise and those companies may become available to us and to others. There is a more buzz about that; there are not a lot of, if I think posted activity yet.
Fred Tuomi: Looking at the turnover, quarter-versus-quarter basis, same seasonal period’s first quarter this year versus the same period last year. So you don’t worry about the seasonal differences of our cycle. We were at 13.5 last year and we are at 11.8 this year. So there is an improvement of 170 basis points that Mark had mentioned earlier. So it is a real season to season, quarter-over-quarter improvement in retention. And what causes it? We are working on retention on a number of fronts, so we can only say one specific thing improves, but if put all that together, we’re seeing the behavior of the consumers. We’ve put a lot of emphasis on our customer service, customer loyalty over the last two years. We have programs to improve our customer loyalty, we have ways to measuring it in real time from our customer surveys and we have a lot of recognition programs if you are a company based on that. We’ve seen significant steady climbs in our customer loyalty scores, in fact March we had seen all time high. And we open up to our research that those they say that they are very loyal to us, they refer people, they pay higher rents on the margins and they stay with us significantly longer. So we know that that’s a contributing factor. But I think also is as to what’s going on with the economy right now, I think people ate staying put, they are not moving and we’re seeing our renewal retention rates go up and with that we’re able to increase our renewal increase rates on our rents.
Fred Tuomi: This is Fred Tuomi we track these buildings both one when they are initially be points of conversion and new construction we track this bridge our investment opportunity feels know where these factors are. And in our key core market there is very few remaining that we come back through out in terms of the rental market this may be one or two still in Virginia there is some down town San Diego, there is one in Bellevue that just announced, that hand full of key assets couple of hundred each and we do include those in our supply numbers that we track and with those added in the supply number for 2010 is almost half what it was in 2009 and when you look in 11 there is a significant optimum drop, of OEM supply from any source that not I don’t think it’s a it could be a disruptive factor to us may be one we set here and there but certainly not on a overall basis.
Fred Tuomi: Well I think if you just look at our competitive set over the past years, you know our peers all occupancy in many, many market has been lower. And that was part of our strategy last year.
Mark Parrell: And I guess I would just add it. Interest rates go up for what I call a good reason, because of growth in the economy that means our rents are going up maybe and hopefully a lot more given the supply constraints and the demographic advantage we have at this point. So for us that would be just fine. If interest rates are going up, because they are [stagflation] in the economy, I’m not sure is the single business in the country that would be pleased to hear that. So we are obviously thinking about it as the first not the last.
Mark Parrell: Yes if you track some of these acquisitions solely because of most recent use of the cash that was used to fund them they’ve been very accretive because the cash is, no one was sitting on our balance sheet turning 60 basis points and at some point 20 basis points. If you track that cash all the way back to prior source which was ideal earning 7.5% then it is dilutive but a lot of that dilution came in ‘09 when we saw seven handle cap rates invested the money in cash at less than one and now we took it off the balance sheet to 1 and invested 5.5 it does have the appearance of the immediate impact of that accretion. But we also track all the way back was original source. Final point just on the $0.02 QC that guided you two in terms of increase in NOI in the second quarter for lease up in acquisition. The acquisition number just to be clear, that’s our $607 million of acquisition that incurred in the first quarter, the 425 Mass Avenue deal, which really there is not producing the increment fact is dilutive in the second quarter offset by all that disposition income already. So, we’ve already sold on $15 million of asset. So, it’s the difference between those two numbers Rich that we guide you to in terms of acquisition accretion.
Mark Parrell: You've seen us of late do that. I mean we’ve not been hesitant about pre-funding where we thought that was a good idea. There isn’t a magic number that we have in mind. There isn’t some level with an all in rate something on 10 year basis we would hit it. It’s more just looking at our funding source of the newer system; still we have on the investment side. If there are any other issues in the capital markets we see coming. So I would tell you there isn’t a magic formula, but we do talk about it internally or really on a constant basis.
Mark Parrell: There has been some chatter about a little bit of that happening, there was some talk at ULI about some institutional capital being made available to some other people who had been some of larger builders, how much of that will actually take place, I don't know. What all that's going to be debt financed, I don't know but there had been some conversation about some of those guys having some access to at least some equity capital.
Mark Parrell: I guess, if you are asking me are they going to get back to that 12,000; 15,000; 18,000 a year sort of start run rate I think they are long way from that asset.
Mark Parrell: This was just on the end of a ten year run and we had a mechanism to do a buy/sell that we chose to go down that road and we had a view that valuations were improving and we had the ability to buy this and comparatively spy out their interest and a very attractive imply yield then we will hold some in, sell some. But we thought we had an end to buy this equity attractive price or at least buy their interest out, that's some pretty attractive price.
Mark Parrell: Phoenix, Atlanta, Orlando pretty much similar dynamics, Phoenix actually its been dragging along the bottom for quite some time here, significant job losses and lot’s of supply coming in time, right at the same time, it really got hammered.  But right now today, Phoenix we are sitting at 95% occupied and it’s up almost 200 basis points from this time last year. So we had a decent winter season in Phoenix and were headed into this typically slower summer season at a very high occupancy pretty low left to lease and we are actually getting little funds in rent growth in Phoenix.  I think Phoenix after a long time came in the ditch we are seeing we could have some good things to report in the balance of the year in Phoenix. Now given its still has a way to go on job growth and a single family is really still pretty much on that.  Atlanta throughout this thing I think we have significantly out performed the market in occupancy and in rent growth if you look back, Atlanta we are sitting at 95 rate right now. Exposure little bit higher at 9%, we had some good occupancy firming up so we pushed rates in the Atlanta, we actually got a little bit lift during the middle of first quarter, but then it kind of flattened out and we have to take it a little bit back down.  So Atlanta is getting better, but it’s not on a sustainable trajectory right now. So it may actually take a little bit longer. Again these are the supply stock market, not the supply constraint markets. The supply constraint markets we’re seeing the good fundamental up lift than accelerated momentum from where we sit today.
Mark Parrell: Going back a little you have to be careful these overall statistics nation wide in 92 or Orlando in 89 they must be putting everything in the kitchen sink in that including mobile homes if you look at just institutional quality investment grade assets the markets are doing much better in some of the statistics with implied.  Seattle is we got to explain what’s on in Seattle and its all good. First of all our numbers are down 701 for the quarter in revenue lets pass that a little bit if you take, we own significant portfolio in Tacoma, Washington its far south it’s a military town we own 2000 of our 8400 units are in Tacoma and we include the Tacoma results in with our Seattle reports.  Tacoma has gone through a major down turn right now lot of the military rotated out of Port Louis's and McCord. Last summer we lost may be some reports 15, 20,000 soldiers rotated out and none came in, we had some very large asset there on the market rate side that we’re in the 70 in occupancy but Tacoma revenue is down almost 15% for the quarter included in our 7 if you take that out and just look a the core Seattle was a CVB Eastside to gnomish in the north and few in the south our results were negative 5.5% for the quarter.  It’s a little different story there. Central business district is on fire right now I mean downtown Seattle where we own 2186 units has shown just a dramatic unbelievable recovery. Our rents are up 20% since the beginning of the year renewals are up 5% occupancy is very high demand is really the price of how strong it is and then given that we got couple of things coming that is going to make situation even better for us there is a property that was only 9 years old downtown that has to be demolished 272 units very nice luxury asset coming out of the market and in the Russell relocation from Tacoma to downtown Seattle and the old WaMu building its just getting started this summer.  We see nothing is going to hold us back in the CBD of Seattle which will be fantastic. Eastside is doing but a little more actually a lot more supply pressure in Bellevue and Redmond that ones holding back a little bit but still we are seeing on the e side some good occupancy and rents are just after being flat for two quarters are just beginning to move up
Mark Parrell: Its not all going to plus 20 right now for running in the current month on a year-over-year basis I mean looking at where we think May is income will coming versus last May, here the downtown is down about 2% east side down about 8% and then the other market down about 5%.  So but Tacoma down 11, so I can give you an idea for the relative performance there.
Mark Parrell: I would say that there is not a material difference between our direct competitors, that is one of thing that we track on a weekly basis and putting our competitive rents and understanding what their occupancy is, is part of our data collection process each and every week. But the unique algorithms within LRO are such that once your exposure, your available units to lease far below certain point, you kind of break away from that competitive set, so you’re constantly pinging your competitive set but you are not competing for occupancy which competitive set that makes sense.
Mark Parrell: Hi, its Mark Parrell, Fannie and Freddie don’t have effectively any substantial REO inventory and certainly what they do have and not competitive with our product. What they do have is walk up to the 560 unit multifamily stuff. The multifamily business in Fannie and Freddie was run in the different manner and was target underwriting single family and this isn’t big pile of things waiting to fall on top of us in our competition. I would say that the banks have a lot of loans outstanding that are in default or close to be being in default or been reworked in someway to be extended, but again as Fred said most of buildings are occupied or close to occupied already. The bank may want to change its situation, but it isn’t like those units are going to suddenly put on the market there are already in the market the question is the ownership of the building. So I guess I don’t hear that at this point.
David Santee: This is David Santee. I would say that our targets, we wont necessarily focus on occupancy obviously it’s important, but kind of daily number is our level of exposure. And that’s what gives us the confidence to determine what levels that were due increases or aggressiveness that we do.  And exposure is really just you know left to lease how many un-rented apartments we have. So while we are at 95 free today, we would be comfortable running in the high 94 as long as we are seeing aggressive rate growth. And I believe that’s what we’re seeing today. So everyday I am upstairs with the pricing team push it, push it, push it. And we just don’t want to get a little optimizes rate and occupancy together. So we’re not focused on occupancy.
David Santee: I looked at the dynamics wanted back in 2003 versus today, and I think what’s going on is completely different. Back in 2003 we had many markets that as Mark had mentioned earlier that had tremendous over supply.  Places like Atlanta had 12,000, 14,000 units coming out of the recession that was pretty consistent in many of the markets. Additionally, you had the beginnings of the housing bubble, people started to buy single family homes, so we have those two headwinds at that time.  Today is different, our turn over is significantly lower today. Our net turnover when you exclude your transfers with the same properties on an annualized run rate at 42% I mean that is phenomenal. And as Mark said, earlier there is just no supply, so I think the dynamics are completely different, I think the prospects just a little bit of job growth and I think everyone will benefit from increased occupancy.
David Santee: Bill this is David Santee. You are definitely right when you start looking at some of our areas of demand I have an example our TV, internet sources were up 30% over last year for the quarter. Our initial contact via phone was up 55%, when you start looking at those numbers that translated into an increase in foot traffic people that actually walk to the door as a result attending an mail or making a phone call. That was up 9% but I think as you said a lot of these folks were shopping, I don’t think we stole from future quarters because our net applications were down 7% and that kind of plays through the movement number 2 or the number of movements that we had for Q1 of 2010 were really identical.  The movements that we had for Q1, 2009 so what’s driving the occupancy as Fred said earlier is really the state say, okay initiative keeping those residents living with us so I think people are just preparing for the spring leasing season and recalibrating, what they have to pay.
David Santee: This is David Santee. Many of our markets are 60 day notice market. So we’re going to look out 60, 90 days from now and kind of look at the reasons why people have given notice. Even though they haven’t moved out and we really just don’t see any significant material change in any of these numbers no matter which way you look at.
