David J. Neithercut: All right. Thanks, David. Let me turn now to transactions, which as we've said for quite some time now is really a reinvestment process for us as we continue to sell assets in our non-core markets and redeploy that capital into our core markets that we think will provide a superior long-term risk-adjusted total return for us. So in the third quarter, we acquired 4 assets for $236 million, each great additions to our portfolio, 1 in Manhattan and 3 in California, 2 in the North and 1 in Southern California. We acquired a 98-unit property on 37th Street in Manhattan between 9th and 10th Avenues. This project probably was completed this year and originally intended to be condo product. As such, it has a very high quality with terrific finishes. And unlike most of the other condo deals we've acquired, this one was actually fully leased and was acquired for $84 million, $771,000 a door at a 4.9% cap rate. We acquired 241 units in downtown San Mateo, about 16 miles south of downtown San Francisco. This property was built in 2 phases, an older property, first phase in '64 and the other in 1972. It was acquired for $93 million or $386,000 a door. This is a value add deal in which we intend to invest another $35,000 a door, which will result in a sub-4% yielded in the first year, but will produce a 5% return in short order and will soon deliver 6%-plus returns. We also acquired a small property on Bluxome Street in downtown San Francisco. It was built in 2007. And I say small, both because it's only 102 units, but also because the average unit size is 233 square feet. It's perfect for our target demographic. The property has average rents of $1,750 per unit per month, which is hundreds of dollars below rents on larger studios in the area. The property was acquired for $23.9 million, $234,000 a door at a cap rate of 5%. We've added to our terrific portfolio in downtown Los Angeles by acquiring a property that was originally built in 1925 and was -- got renovated and converted into apartments in 2006. This property contains 99 units, was acquired for $35.5 million, which is $328,000 a door at a cap rate of 4.2%. On the disposition side, through the first 9 months of the year we sold $617 million of non-core assets, $281 million of which were sold last quarter. And so in the quarter just ending, we sold 2,153 units. This comprised of 3 assets in Orlando and 1 each in Phoenix, Atlanta and Maryland. And our last 2 assets developed by joint venture partners, 1 in New Jersey and 1 here in Chicago, which represents our complete exit from our headquarter city. We've reduced our transactional guidance for the year on each side of the trade by $150 million. So we're now down to $1.1 billion of acquisitions and $1.1 billion of dispositions for the year. Now having sold only 56% of our disposition goal through 9/30, we will have a lot to do in the fourth quarter. But so far this quarter, we've sold or have under contract $160 million of product. We have another $140 million under letter of intent and another several hundred million more in various stages of marketing. So we do think, as we sit here today, we'll be able to accomplish that. On the development side, we continue to be very pleased with the results of our new developments recently brought online, the rate of unit absorption remains very strong and net effective rents are in excess of our original pro forma in every case. We continue to look for new opportunities to add high quality assets in great locations in our core markets through development and acquired 3 new parcels in the third quarter to do just that. These 3 sites will produce 794 total units at a total development cost of $270 million, with a weighted average yield on cost at current market rents in the mid-5 range, and these are in markets where high quality assets trade today in the low 4s, being Seattle and coastal Southern California. We started one project in the third quarter. That's the third and smallest phase, our Westgate project in Pasadena, containing 88 units for $54 million. And we have 5 additional projects that are slated to start yet this year, 2 in Manhattan, 2 in Seattle and 1 in Washington D.C. There's certainly no guarantee that we'll get each of these started this year, and if we don't, they'll likely get underway in the first quarter of next year. But assuming that we do however, starts for this year will total 1,051 units, $543 million and deliver a 6% yield on current market rents, which we think will provide a stabilized yield of 7%. Now we currently own sites for an additional 3,500 units with the development cost of nearly $1.4 billion in great locations in Boston, San Francisco, Seattle and Southern California, and continue to pursue opportunities for several billion dollars' more development. So with that, Alicia, we'll be happy to open the call to questions.
David J. Neithercut: Well, look, we got a pretty clear sense out there that there's a lot of questions about 2013. And we felt that there was a lot of uncertainty, a lot of questions. We just felt that we had a clear enough sense about where we were headed, that it was appropriate to let the investment community know.
David J. Neithercut: Yes, and you also have look at the demand sides, also, Eric. I mean, we look at expected household formations and job growth in those markets and look at what historical average institutional-grade apartments sort of capture rate of that growth is. And frankly, in many of these markets, we don't think that new supply will meet that incremental new demand.
David J. Neithercut: I can't tell you what the 3-year average weighted growth rate would -- is going to be on these, but I will tell you that we will -- and these assets will be -- we're buying in the 4s and we'll quickly be in the 5s and moving towards 6. So -- but again on a dollar weighted average basis, I wouldn't have it off the top of my head.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, we don't really look at it in that short of increment, David. We really look at over a longer period of time. And while some of those markets may have very strong growth in the next year or so, new supply will quickly put an end to that. We just think over an extended time period, which is really our investment horizon, that we'll have a better overall total rate of return by making these trades. We're also looking at just where we're trading assets, not simply on a cap rate basis but on an absolute basis, and where those dollars are relative to replacement costs in those markets. And we think that the absolute price per pound makes sense for us.
David J. Neithercut: Well, on the acquisition side, we're only in the primary markets, what we're acquiring. I probably see maybe a little bit on the D.C. side. But generally, I think on average, cap rates have held fairly close, been fairly stable through much of this year. And because of improvements on the bottom line, you've seen modest increases in value during the year.
David J. Neithercut: No. I'd say I think a lot of this is sort of lender-driven. I'm now -- turning now to the assets that we're selling. I think that a lot of what people can pay is a function of Fannie and Freddie, but they're out there, they're lending. They're going to have big books this year. They're as busy as can be, and that's providing capital that actually allow us to continue to sell these assets and allow us to get disposition prices that are in the high 5s to mid-6s.
David J. Neithercut: Well, most of what we've acquired, Rob, is zoned and entitled, and we just need sort of plan review, and it just takes a little while to get that stuff done. But there's not a lot of risk in getting consents and approvals, it's just getting plans done and plans reviewed and approved.
David J. Neithercut: Well, again, a lot of it is just timing and what can actually be started in the year, what might have to be pushed into the next year. But as we look at our agenda today, we've got $700 million of product that could start in 2013, Mike.
David J. Neithercut: Well, again, it's more value. Look, we have -- we're on record as having said that we're going to exit certain of these markets and try and redeploy that capital. And when we find assets to buy that we think makes sense for a long-term investment standpoint and can match that up against sales that we think make sense -- and it's not just simply cap rates. I mean, we certainly do pay attention to that delta, but it's also just where can we sell assets on a price per pound versus what we think replacement costs are on those markets and we try to decide if that makes sense. So I wouldn't focus so much on the 170. A lot of that is just the complexion of what happened to be sold in one quarter versus what happened to be acquired in one quarter. Historically, we've seen that delta to be about 125 basis points. It'll be a little wider now because we've seen more aggressive pricing where we want to invest, and cap rates, I think, being held up a little bit in the markets we want to sell. But we really -- we do look at the absolute values in those markets and still do think that those represent decent prices for us to exit that.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess -- I've been asked that question a lot. And I will tell you, our 2013 sort of rent growth assumptions are probably pretty consistent with what they thought they -- we -- they were going to be back in 2010 and 2011. So as we look forward 12 months today, they're probably less than what we look at 12 months forward, 12 months ago. But I don't think we're looking at 2013 today any differently the way we look at 2013 for a while.
David J. Neithercut: No, I don't think so at all, David. I think that certainly you can see changes in activities result of year end. But I don't think -- we've got nothing that's contingent on the election that would change the sellers' mind or our mind. That's -- we're running our business, we're going -- doing what we can do, and are not concerned about the election.
David J. Neithercut: Well, we do trend increases in construction costs from our underwriting to the time that we would expect to be able to start pricing jobs out. And I'll tell you that we think construction costs are still maybe down 10% from peak, but are rising. And most of our markets will be up sort of mid-single digits this year.
David J. Neithercut: I think that improvements in the single-family space is just good for the economy. And whether or not the guy who is now hanging drywall is our resident or not, I think that's good for the economy. And that will be good for everyone. So...
David J. Neithercut: Well, call it whatever you want. I mean, look, we think that multifamily supply, new incremental multifamily supply will not meet what we think will be incremental new demand. We obviously targeted on this 80-million strong echo boomer generation, and we think they are interested in buying a single-family home, while they may want to, they'll act on that later. David Santee told you what the average occupancy is in our units. So we don't think the single-family homes are a huge threat to us. We don't think multifamily supply, maybe outside of D.C. and San Jose and maybe a little bit in Seattle short-term, will be long-term threat. We think that the space today is pretty well-positioned to perform above -- well-above trend for some time to come. I mean, I can't tell you that's -- what level of moderation that sort of means, but we're certainly not suggesting 2013 will show the same percentage growth we've seen the last couple of years. But still, we think very strong on a historical basis.
David J. Neithercut: I guess I'll leave that up to the analysts like you and to the investors. We -- they're hell-bent on going public. We continue to think and have thought as you know for a long time that it made sense to maybe do something with us. But looks like they're going to go public, and the market will react to that.
David J. Neithercut: Well, good. Thank you, all, for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you in San Diego in just a few weeks.
Frederick C. Tuomi: No, Eric. This is Fred. We're assuming that it's constant occupancy, and maybe a slight uptick in turnover, but you can't just do that math that simply. You have to take into consideration the seasonality of the lease expirations. They don't all expire January 1 and we can move everybody January 1, nor do they all expire conveniently exactly in the middle of the year. So you have to roll that through the actual expirations that we anticipate throughout the year, both those that are according to lease expirations and those that may terminate early. So it's not quite that direct.
Frederick C. Tuomi: No. We're definitely back to a normal market intra-year seasonality curve. Maybe for the years of recession and the first-year recovery was a little bit different but really not materially. But this year, clearly, was -- we ramped up Q1, really pushed things during the leasing season, separate from the comps, so you really get aggressive on the rents and then we start moderating as demand moderates. So you really have to follow the demand cycle, and demand cycle is certainly is seasonal in this business.
Frederick C. Tuomi: We don't really react to an overall number. Just per our core markets, I did look at that. In 2012, we have 37,000 units coming in, which is the lowest we've ever seen it other than the 2011. And for '13, we see 54,000 units coming into our markets, and just for comparison, back in '09, we had 67,000 and in '08 we had 57,000. So still below those years. But that's really not that important. What's more important is that on a market basis and a submarket basis, and really down to the street basis, where are those new deals coming out? How are they pricing? How are they incenting their absorption, lease up schedule through concessions, and what's the impact on our specific properties? You really have to build it from property level up.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, Dave, this is Fred again. We're not going to give market-by-market guidance. We really don't give it even later in the process, we're certainly not going to give it now. But you can just kind of look at the trends. The trends are very strong. In the strong markets, those trends will continue because we have that embedded growth that's going to carry us forward, and the markets that a little bit weaker, less so. And I would say just generally, in terms of deceleration, the only one I would worry about would be Washington, D.C. We've talked a lot about D.C. It's still holding up quite well right now. In fact, it's looking great. But we all know there's 2 big things coming at us; the big supply coming at us in D.C, highly focused on the district and close in. And then the big question mark of the fiscal cliff or the sequestration, which if it happens, could be very disruptive to that market. So I would expect D.C. really to be the only market concerned about a deceleration, not negative, but certainly deceleration of growth. The others, I think, you just look at the current trends will continue.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Thank you. I couldn't have said it any better myself. Yes, that's exactly it. The turnover being 58.2, that's right, really, on top of our original expectation for this year. But we did revise that expectation up after we saw turnover increasing in early part of the year. And I think that exactly kind of reversed itself, due to -- as newer residents coming in, they're used to paying those levels. They don't have the historical perspective of "Gee, I was paying much lower rent back in '08, '09 and '10." And so it's not as much of a shock. And of course, the incomes, they're moving up nicely as well. So I think people are set and they're not buying homes. They are staying put with this urban core, great assets, great walk score, where they want to live. They're not buying homes because if they were to buy home today, they have to go way up the burbs and fight the inner city. So we're seeing very good stability in our resident base and our retention.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes, Seattle is doing great right now, especially downtown and the Eastside. Snohomish is just a little bit softer. And then Tacoma -- we do have a fairly large portfolio in Tacoma, and it's still kind of underwater. But Seattle has a great run. I mean, tech employment is very high. Amazon is hiring a lot of people. Microsoft has a lot of different projects going on, hiring a lot of people. Google is moving in big time into Seattle. The biotech is great. So it's really a great story in Seattle all the way around. But the supply is an issue. We've got 3,000 units this year, 5,000 units next year, and that supply is pretty much concentrated in the downtown area and the fringe of downtown, in places like Ballard, and some are even in West Seattle. But the absorption is strong. And there's a lot of people in the renter demographic that are coming into the city. A lot of people from the other areas are moving into downtown and doing a reverse commute. So we think the absorption is going to be there to meet that supply. And if it doesn't, we may have a little bit of an issue in certain -- those concentrated areas, primarily the CBD, but it's going to be short-lived. So the supply for '13 and '14 -- I would say it's a moderate issue but not a big issue because the demand should be there to meet it.
Frederick C. Tuomi: No. We don't go from macro to micro. We consider the macro environment, but we build these things from the ground up, what's in place and the trends and asset by asset. So we don't really take a headline number and then peg our operations based on that.
Frederick C. Tuomi: So that 10-year hedge is about $200 million or $44 million to the negative right now. So basically you'd take the $44 million divide it by 10 and then whatever the amount of the notional is. So I'm not sure I'm going to do that math in my head right now, but it's probably on a $400 million deal, something like 1%.
Frederick C. Tuomi: Yes. Southern California continues to improve. You can see that in our numbers. I wouldn't say it's like screaming back. But it's good, steady, consistent improvement, whereas 18 months ago, we were complaining that it was start/stop, 2 steps forward/1 step back, kind of lumping [ph] kind of thing. So it is consistent improvement in moving up. I'd say that both L.A. and Orange County have some good job growth rate now. L.A. is a little bit more back-loaded this year, so it remains to be seen. But Orange County has some good broad-based steady improvement on the job front. So rents are still below the peak levels. We still have a little bit more juice to get back to those levels. So I think it's to be expected they'll continue to be one of our better performers, I wouldn't say maybe the best, but one of the better performers next year. Now, there's 2 risk areas. The biggest risk is just California. It's still very messed up as we know, and they've got some serious fiscal issues in the state of California and some legislative things coming up here in this next vote which is really going to be an issue. If California has to really cut expenses, then there could be some severe cuts in government jobs and education, et cetera. So that could take some of the growth fervor out of it. And then also, we have a little bit of supply coming into L.A. On a macro basis, it's not a big number based on the size of that market, but it's highly concentrated in downtown, Wilshire and San Fernando Valley again. So maybe a little bit of issue there. Orange County looks great. San Diego has always been the laggard, but it's got a lot of good things going on, broad base, good job growth. But the military and defense sector overhang there is a little bit of a concern. It's going to keep San Diego, I think, still in third place.
Frederick C. Tuomi: This is Fred. I can't give you that number going back 10 years. But since we've been focused on here the last several years, it really hasn't changed. It's 17 range. The median is 21, 22. And it's been fairly consistent, and if there's been any movement, it's just getting more favorable. Again, related to what David mentioned about our portfolio shift, we're getting better assets, better locations, better residents, better incomes and much higher rents. So I think it's very steady and stable, and if anything, improving on the margin.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. So the line balance is about $850 million. It'll get paid down about $250 million just because we're going to have a lot more in dispositions in the fourth quarter to meet our guidance numbers than we've had to date. So the real amount of issue here is really something like $600 million. Most of that is the term loan that we just recently paid off, which was floating rate debt. So we do want a portion of the revolver to stay outstanding and have a floating rate debt component. And finally, we still do have our hedges in place. We have about $200 million in swaps-to-fixed that protect us. So it isn't a matter of if, it's a matter of when we access the unsecured market. But it won't need to be a particularly large deal and doesn't need to be particularly soon, because I do want to have some floating rate exposure. And with the line, we can maintain exposure around 13%. If we termed it all out, we would end up having floating rate exposure of 5% or 6%, and I just don't think that's quite the number we're looking for. It is certainly a very attractive market to term debt out right now.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. I think, you should expect to see us -- we have something along the lines -- and we talk about that a little bit on Page 22 -- something along the lines of 4,000 to 5,000 units a year in a portfolio, give or take 100,000. So I mean a lot of our locations are just terrific locations and you just need to keep the product up-to-date. So I'm not sure that there is a cumulative number I can give you, which is I think what your question was. But I think a run rate of us doing rehabs that are fairly material on 4% or 5% of the portfolio is probably what we would end up doing.
Mark J. Parrell: I appreciate the question, but just on order of magnitude, we spent $40 million on rehabs. And though the returns are very solid, they're -- I mean that's one asset we would acquire. So I'm not sure that toggling rehabs, even doubling them, to a company of our size is going to make a great deal of difference.
Mark J. Parrell: No. I think that we certainly got -- have assets, and even assets that we have acquired in urban locations, that do have some students but the percentage is certainly smaller. We do have properties, for instance in Orlando, which would be part of assets that we'd likely sell in the near future. We also do have some development sites in Berkeley, California, which we intend to build, which would certainly be attractive to students. So it's not a big part of our strategy. It would really be just on the margin.
Mark J. Parrell: The hedges don't really have anything to do with our thought process on 30-year debt. The hedges are there to just allow us to access the market at an opportune time. Our concerns about a 30-year debt have a lot more to do with just having covenants that are real and substantive continue on for such a long period of time. To handcuff our successor-successor-successor with those kind of important and substantive covenants on leverage is just something we need to be careful about. and to this point, we haven't had any appetite to do.
Mark J. Parrell: I'm going to address the debt issue. It's Mark. Right now, I think, we could issue 10-year unsecured paper at something between, say, 3% and 3.1%. On the secured side, just by means of comparison, I think, that would be more like 3.3% right now. And I'll push it back to Fred for the SoCal question.
Mark J. Parrell: Right. Yes. I understand. We look at it really asset-by-asset, and what's coming into its location is going to be a competitive threat to our existing assets. Now, in some markets you do see a headline numbers, like say, Boston is going to have 3,000 units delivered. Well, if you look at those, we're not really too concerned because a lot it is out in the suburbs and a lot of it are small properties and a lot of it are affordable product. So you're right. So a lot of these are smaller in-locations that don't impact institutional assets and are affordable nature that don't compete with our resident set. But I can tell you too that we do have an issue. D.C., a lot of these products coming out are right in our wheelhouse. I mean they're institutional grade, high-quality, great located buildings are being developed. So I'm not going to say we're not going to have competitive threat, but you just can't react to a headline number.
Mark J. Parrell: David, it's Mark Parrell. That expired about October 4, that conditionality. So we will recognize the remaining $80 million in income in the fourth quarter.
Mark J. Parrell: I would think that the majority of people who are going to be the first to jump and buy a home are probably those renting homes today, not living in apartments. And those that are come back onto the payroll, from the construction jobs and other homebuilding-related recovery, I don't think they're going to go from unemployed to employed to homeownership.
