David Neithercut: Thanks, Marty and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for today's conference call. Now as announced last night, the first quarter came in pretty much in line with our expectations. Thanks to occupancy levels are remained quite high, another quarter of very strong retention and having achieved very impressive renewal rates during the quarter, all of this, despite significant new supply across most of our markets. Now this performance, as a result of the relentless focus on our prospects, residents and properties by our property management and operational teams and everyone across our enterprise that supports those teams. Because notwithstanding, it was very deep and very resilient demand for apartment living in our urban and highly walkable suburban markets. We’re facing peak new deliveries in many of our markets this year, which means it is a very competitive marketplace for new perspective residents and our existing residents have a lot of options from which to choose when they lease with us comes up for renewal. So I cannot emphasize enough of the benefits revised from the remarkable cost and service delivery each and every day by our dedicated teams across the country. Now as far as line, I can remember these efforts have been led in part by a Chief Operating Officer, David Santee, who has most of you know is stepping down as our COO on July 1 and he will retire from Equity at the end of the year. Since join the company 23 years ago, David has had a profound impact on all aspects of EQR and it is hard to imagine the company without him. But among a long list of David's accomplishments is a fact that Michael Manelis is ready to step in his role and move us forward without missing a beat. Now everyone will miss David, and I can tell you, it sure as hell won't be the same without him. But thanks to the work he has done in planning for this event. We will carry on, it only get better from here. So I'm happy now to turn the call over to David for what could be his final quarterly earnings call. The preparation for which I know will be one of the things he will miss most when he's going.
David Neithercut: Well, I think that the data you’re referring to – Nick is national data and the data we give you is that which we see where specifically not just on markets. But in the footprints that we believe compete with our assets. So nothing’s changed from our perspective, with respect to supply we do seeing generally, significantly in some markets like New York. But generally, across our footprint notwithstanding what may be happening across the entire country.
David Neithercut: Well, let me first say it, that’s not an annual conversation, it’s a quarterly conversation with respect to my deployment of capital. And we did in fact have that in our most recent meeting in March. And Mark went through just the cash flow and as know the fact that their cash flow allocated to development is coming down considerably, which it does create some more optionality with respect to where to invest that. And we’ve taken them through the choices and all those conversations are ongoing. Nothing is changed at the present time. I think it’s a – as I shared with the investment community on this call many times over the last year or so. We’re certainly aware of where we trade relative to what the Street things and then what we think are NAV is. We have watched stock back in the past. We won’t hesitate to do so in the future. But it’s our belief of where kind of that discount needs to be relative to many others, as just a wider discount. So we would continue to have 13 million shares available under our announced plan and at the appropriate time, we won’t hesitate to take advantage of that.
David Neithercut: You’re correct on all that, John. And we’re in the process of starting at, it will likely – I’d expect that to be on the development schedule at our second quarter call. So we’re now in the process of preparing the sites, the demolition of the garage. So we’re for full steam ahead on the second quarter. So that is a $410 million of project. It is a – we do expect it will delivered in late 2021. And as you note, it is currently a low 6 or so – low 6% yield. On the construction costs, we are all sort of bided in. So we’re not facing any meaningful – a lot of risk with respect to the construction cost and so I don’t have at my fingertips, what we might be projecting for revenue growth there we feel very good about the market as Michael said in his opening remarks. But we’re quite comfortable with that low 6% number.
David Neithercut: No, Nick. We continue to see a great deal of demand for the product we’re willing to sell as well as for the product that we’d be willing to buy. There may not be as many bidders but there’s certainly sufficient number of bidders to continue to validate the pricing in the valuations that we’ve been looking after quite some time.
David Neithercut: Yes. We sold a deal in the Upper East side of Manhattan had a sub-three cap rate, which had a big impact on the weighted average cap rate for all the dispositions for the quarter.
David Neithercut: Well, we just felt that putting the hard surface flooring and upgrading the kitchen cabinets, doing the countertops rather, I think stepping up the overall quality of some of the amenities all made sense to continue to have some cost relative to the late addition of air conditioning into that property. So they were all things that we felt made a great deal of sense for that property just given more pricing, it is there today.
David Neithercut: Yes. I mean – over the years we've always used kind of the same multiplier. So the percentages don't necessarily change over the past two years the most notable change that we've seen was in Seattle, where rents had grown but the absolute level of grants have been lower, but you've seen this influx of high paying tech jobs. So over the past two or three years Seattle was kind of come down in near – New York City which is our lowest at 17% of rent to income. Everything else is kind of in the 20s and we're at 22% rent to income to that.
David Neithercut: Well, I guess people try, if you look at the larger SMSA that may be the case, but that doesn't mean that you're not adding population in the urban core, but you may be losing population in some of these markets within the entire footprint of SMSA, but we continue to see what we think is increases in households in density in the urban core. I think Washington State is a perfect example. I mean much of the new construct has been in the district to district is now providing a lifestyle, but it not been available for a long time and you're seeing extraordinary growth within the urban core of the of the district.
David Neithercut: Well. I guess you presumed there's a lot of growth in that because of the cap rate. Obviously we feel it was less a growth in that – and that the asset and perhaps the buyer did at. I think that there's a great deal of demand across the space today for “value add product” and I think this fits squarely in that. While we're certainly capable of undertaking that work ourselves, oftentimes we think someone will pay us a nice premium to take better risk and work on them and this is one of those situations. And then just, I mean take an example of the kind of trading that we've communicated the street that we're – they should expect us to be doing by selling assets that we believe will be slower growth and reallocating that capital hopefully assets that will be higher growth. And it be interesting to note that we were under contract to buy another asset a much newer asset in the New York metropolitan area, not in Manhattan specifically but in the New York metropolitan areas. So it's not a retreat from New York but it’s just the reallocation of the capital in New York. And what we own properties across sort of the spectrum in terms of quality, we're not – I like to consider ourselves as agnostic in that regard, well certainly we've got a lot of very good quality property, we also do have these and perhaps even a season where the process of bringing to be. So we're happy to invest across the spectrum.
David Neithercut: Well. California does represent a meaningful share of our invested capital one of our revenue and net operating income and we were working very closely with the group that includes other public reach and other large private owners of multifamily. To address this referendum to appeal the cost of Hawkins' law. And for those who are unfamiliar with that, cost to Hawkins's is the law in the state of California that limits rent control only up to be delivered before February 1995. And it restricts, it actually requires vacancy decontrol on those properties are subject to rent control. So it's important to note, the rent control exists in California today, and municipalities can adopt rent control today, it is just subject to cost of Hawkins. So while we certainly don't think the repeal cost of Hawkins's is a good thing, we also don't think that it's a disaster, because you can have rent control today many, many, many municipalities have decided or opted not to. And in those that have actually been on the ballot measures over the past several years many, many of those have actually been defeated. So it's certainly something that we're watching very closely. We’re aligned with the our peers and others that have got to significant investments in multifamily in California and also to see where it goes.
David Neithercut: Well, again may cost to Hawkins is not introducing rent control. So the fact that cost to Hawkins is repeal does not mean every municipality which we operate will automatically adopt rent control. So most of our cost to Hawkins has to be repealed and then municipalities have to decide whether or not they want to adopt some form of rent control an option that they currently have, but again I mentioned many of them don't. So it's very difficult to sort of tell you what the impact would be. I could tell you if you wanted to ask them keep a particular municipality adopted rent control what that impact might be, but this sort of suggests would be an entire state would be impossible.
David Neithercut: Thanks, Tayo. Here is a schedule we prepare for that on Page 22 and those are lawsuitsthat were settled in our favor relating to some development activities, but we do take those out of those recoveries in our favor out or normalized FFO and that is on Page 22 that $5.3 million almost all of that is really that nature.
David Neithercut: Yes, sure. So I’m just going out kind of rattled off I will tell you for the entire portfolio same-store we were negative 2.6%. And I’ll just move kind of market by market real quick. So Boston was down 4.2%, New York was down 5%, Washington D.C. was down 4.8%, Seattle was down 4.5%, San Francisco down 1.5%, Los Angeles was positive 20 basis points, Orange County was negative 40 basis points, San Diego was positive 50 basis points. And again I just want to make sure everybody realizes that standalone quarter is not a really good indicator and I think we’re more relevant as whether or not the assumptions for the full year are changing based on what has occurred in the first quarter and outside of that trajectory for Seattle and Orange County, I will tell you these are exactly where we expected them to be.
David Neithercut: Yes. So I don’t have that in front of me, but I think we were positive 20 basis points for the last week for the entire portfolio and that will be saved metric.
David Neithercut: Well, I think everybody just only has sort of anecdotal sort of things about that. Dennis, I can tell you that we have received – so our investment team has received inquiries about our interest in providing some equity capital for developments from sponsors that never would have called us 12 or 18 months ago. We’ve just – we’ve seen, we’ve heard about things being marked all and things being put on the back burner et cetera. Now that doesn’t mean that well capitalized people can’t find the capital. Can’t find the institutional partners, we’ve heard of some big institutions sort of stepping aside. Mark can you talk about maybe other debt side.
David Neithercut: Yes, there is more. And there is certainly more involvement from them. But they're capital so expensive that they're more of a substitute for that for the equity than they are for the deck. And again, they are pretty pricey alternative. So again, well the cost pressures, we just see this general cracking down of yields and IRRs in with revenue growth being modest across the country. We do just generally feel like those numbers are just not going to add up and we would expect them to decline over time.
David Neithercut: I guess we've not seen much, really if any of that at least at this juncture. As we mentioned earlier, the products, projects that have been delivered are being absorbed. They may not be achieving the rental rates that they might have expected. But they're being absorbed and my guess is that there being they're far from being in distress. They may not be making their every return that they had hoped. They may not be able to refinance out every sort of nickel of construction loan that they had had hoped. But I mean, we're a long way fighting from this distress in the space, just given the – a very, very strong demand that we're seeing for good quality multi-family today.
David Neithercut: I mean, again, if they're breaking ground today and they're being finance, as Mark said, it 50% or 60% there. They're not going to be distressed, they may not achieve their equity returns. But they will not be in distress.
David Neithercut: Any of the new product being pushed in the back half of the year, there is plenty of product being delivered every quarter, that it's – whether or not something's opens their doors, 30 or 60 or 90 days later than expected is not going to be a windfall for the states. I mean, there's just – a lot of product kind of coming and when something opens its door, I’m not choosing have much of an impact.
David Neithercut: I think the board asks us Steve, on a regular basis to sort of test our thesis and it have asked us repeatedly, if you were to add some additional markets, what might they be? And why are you not entering those today? If you look at the heat map, we've shared in all of our brochures that there are certainly some markets that on some characteristics. Look I think very attractive for one reason or another either too small or single-family home ownership is price of single family homes as is too cheap or whatever. But we are not committed, we’re not choose to lose stone, where we are if it makes sense for us to add another market or two. We won't hesitate to do it and we continue to do that work to determine whether or not that's meant in our shareholders' best interests or not.
David Neithercut: Well, look, I guess, one of the things that we have to be thoughtful about Steve is just given our size for us to go “into a market”. We've acquires a very meaningful amount of capital to have it make sense for Michael and his team and for investment team and for all the support that one needs to give. So my guess, if we went into a market, it would be with a hopefully, some sort of portfolio acquisition that would then be supplemented by one-off acquisitions. And certainly, we would consider development. I would say that Denver is a market that when we exited that market as part of the large sale of the assets to various – Starwood several years ago. We’d always consider that not to be a market exit but rather to be a portfolio exit. It was a portfolio of 30-year old quite suburban, surface park walkup kind of product that we knew we would not own long term. We did not see at the way at the time. So having this sort of portfolio that we want to have in that marketplace and so we took advantage of what we thought was very attractive pricing to sell those assets. And it's certainly a market that we would consider going back into if I want to make sense to pick so.
Mark Parrell: Hey, Juan its Mark Parrell. So the answer to that really depends on how the leasing season goes. And as Michael Manelis and David Santee just said, we're well positioned going into the leasing season, and so we would hope that our quarter-over-quarter number for the second quarter would be just modestly lower than the number we just reported and then the rest of the year to be approximately equivalent again if we have a good leasing season. If the leasing season is less strong than the numbers will decline towards the back half for year quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Parrell: Yes. Hey, Nick, it’s Mark. I appreciate you starting by noting that assets we’ve owned implicitly room for a while have a great deal of tax gaining in fact the $300 million or so. We sold in the first quarter, I have about $210 million of gains just to give you a sense of – when you own assets, you buy right, you hold them for a while, you do have quite a bit again in them as well as our frequent use of 1031 exchanges. In terms of selling newer assets, whether it’s New York or San Francisco, I mean those assets we think are the ones that will drive long-term growth for the company and its shareholders. We feel at some extent that you’re selling your seed corn. We’d suggest to you that if we sell these better assets in bulk and that would affect our multiple at some point as well. So again, it’s not something as David said the board are financially teams are willing to give, but it just isn’t costless either to sell even the newer assets that have less been in them.
Mark Parrell: Hey, John thanks for the question. Just to clarify the 1.7 percentage points of the fact is to real estate tax number, not for overall same-store expense growth, so just to give you a sense of that. That outcome will persist for a while. We have about 1.7 to 1.8 percentage points for the next three, four plus years in terms of these abatements burning-off. Again as I noted in the prior call, every increase in net abatement does certainly hurt us on same-store expense growth. But the assets become more valuable, the cap rate declined. So it’s like you’re paying off, any expense of loan of sorts. You are creating value in these assets. It’s just not as visible to the P&L.
Mark Parrell: That contemplates all the capitalized costs that we’ve been incurred during that timeframe. Yes, I bet your question.
Mark Parrell: So for the full year, for the portfolio, the new lease changed guidance was at negative 60 basis points. Renewals were up 4.2%.
Mark Parrell: I don’t think there was any change in thinking Rich. Look at the board, I think very appropriately looks at the capital, Equity capital is very precious resource and while I understand the arithmetic just believe, again, that we’ve done it in the past. And I think what we did in some of the stock we bought back in all 10-plus years ago. We were buying at 30% and 40% discount to replacement cost. That one only get limited opportunities as we’ve talked about limited by sort of bites at this apple and we just felt like it was not appropriate at this time. I don’t want for a minute to have anyone believe that we're unwilling to. I'm not sure anybody bought more stock backs than we have over the history of the company. As you know we returned a great deal of capital back to our shareholders in the big disposition strategy that we undertook in 2016. So these are – just there's not an unwillingness on our part, is just an – I believe that this discount needs to be greater than what it is today.
Mark Parrell: That’s been pretty consistent for quite some time. And in the low 20s given the portfolio we have today.
Mark Parrell: Well, I guess my question will difference that makes. A lot of the businesses are going to the talent, and the talent is going to these high densities urban environments and so therefore the companies are having to go there. So – I mean we're just seeing very. very, very strong absorption of this new supply it negatively impacts pricing power, we believe that the tide will turn from 2019. But we're seeing an extraordinary absorption of this new product, certainly from millennials having and profound impact but as I – we have mentioned a lot of the our nearly 20% of our residents are 50 years of age and older. So we really do believe that we have appeal to anyone who's interested in living that sort of high density urban lifestyle.
Mark Parrell: And John just to give you some more detail, it's Mark for New York. If real estate taxes were really driving. So New York reported a 5.3% quarter-over-quarter number. They did an exceptional job managing payroll in New York and it was flat for the quarter. It was really about real estate taxes being up 13% and dragging that number up.
Mark Parrell: Well. Its $1 billion pipeline, but what is truly under construction is meaningfully less than that. I mean we're comfortable having that development pipeline be whatever it needs to be. That allows us to commit capital in appropriate sort of risk adjusted manner. Development remains core competency, we've got terrific group of development folks in each of our kind of core markets they continue to look at product for us, and it’s difficult to actually justify any sort of transactions today. They do other work for us, they've been involved in capital projects deals, and they even work underwriting potential acquisitions. So it's a group of people of resource that will retain, and we'll look forward to building that business back up, but only if we want to make sense to do so. We're not going to change products just because we've got folks who would like to be building it. We put those folks who work and doing some other things in addition to them underwriting product and all the time will come and we’ll look forward to doing that business backup.
Mark Parrell: Sure. So what we’ve seen is generally steady, ability of developers who are able to obtain equity to finance themselves in the debt market. At this point, we see some banks for example, Fifth Third just announced that they are reducing their multifamily lending, the other banks we survey generally say they’re going to be in about the same places, they’ve been in the recent past. There may be a touch more focus on suburban deals that are tending to pencil better. So that they're doing a little bit more development in the suburban areas that are being financed, but it doesn't seem that the banks are the restrictor at the Equity. Because the banks are only loaning it, 50% to 60%, so it's easy for them to make that loan and feel confidence, the Equity that set material risk. It get us really quickly. I mean, if you just have a situation where development costs continue to rise, rental rates continue to be pressured, yields, note to yields getting compressed and adjusted. We just think it's going to a point, where a lot of equity is having their sidelines.
Mark Parrell: Yes, just to give a little color around that. We're seeing spreads of 250 to 300 basis points above LIBOR. LIBOR is around 2%, we call it 450. You imagine that rates are up 2%, you could have a situation where the debt rate of developer is staying at 6% and 6.5%. That said, there are underwriting the debt yields of 7% or 8%. So I think the lenders are – at 50% leverage are probably okay. I think the equity, we will get pinched at some point and you feel it. But I think the lenders at this low leverage. Frankly, as David said, probably in adequate position or coverage.
Michael Manelis: Yes, well. This is Michael. So I guess I would tell you that just based on the commentary, I mean, we have markets with elevated supply coming at us and we’re entering the peak leasing season in the position were Orlando would be – but our risk clearly, I mean, we denoted that I think on the last call is New York. We also have LA with – as elevated supply and while it’s doing well in the absorption and we’re positioned well. Those are markets as we go through the peak leasing season that can have a lot of weight on a full year performance.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So again, we kind of look at this in a couple different ways – so we know the elevated supply is concentrated with 11,000 of the 19,000 units being in Brooklyn and Long Island City. And as we think about kind of that performance, we’re looking at former residents, the forwarding address that they give us and I think, we said to-date, we have not seen any impact from Long Island city supply. We did a trailing 12-month view back in February and at that time, we had less than 1% of our move-outs, providing us with forwarding address in Long Island city. And we just updated that from a year-to-date basis that trend has continued with less than 1% of our move-outs having that address. So to-date I would say, the absorption in both Brooklyn and Long Island city is better than what we expected. And it is not impacting the performance in Manhattan and even in our Brooklyn portfolio. Sitting here today for the quarter, we have better position than what we would have thought given the amount of elevated supply that we are facing.
Michael Manelis: Yes. And I guess joining, I add to that. Nick is that the development that we’ve done coming out of the great recession has been extraordinary profitable and notwithstanding the fact that it’s brand new, we’ve made a lot of money on those and there’s a lot of built in gaining those assets as well.
Michael Manelis: Yes. So this is Michael. I do want to started out and I wanted to share – I do not believe that looking at the results for just the first quarter is the best way to think about, there’s new lease change metric. I will tell you that every market others in Seattle and Orange County was on track or slightly ahead with our Q4 – Q1 forecast, even though those were negative numbers. And really there has been no change to our full year new lease guidance assumptions that we shared in the investor presentation back in March. I can also tell you that Seattle and Orange County, which we talked about. We’re also offset by greater than expected performance on the renewal side. And since the volume of transactions during this quarter is low, a lot of this stuff can change on us. We start moving through the leasing season. And I think what you just alluded to if you just go back to some of the commentary for each one of these markets. We are on like our eighth consecutive week of incremental rent increases, week over week over week and that absolutely manifest itself into improvement in this new lease change. But sitting here today like we look at that every single week, this last week we were positive. Doesn’t mean that that friend old, it doesn’t mean that it can’t get even more positive, but that those are the kind of indicators that we have right now in the fact that rents have been moving up, kind of do help fuel performance on the new lease change metric.
Dennis McGill: Hi, thank you guys. First question, so just carrying forward on the new lease questionnaire, I appreciate the clarification. But do you have what the new lease – in the first quarter and then how that spans across markets.
Dennis McGill: That’s very helpful. And just for comparison sort of minus 2, 6 across the whole portfolio that’s comparable to what you just referenced has been slightly positive in the most recent week.
Dennis McGill: Okay, thank you. And then second question, can you maybe to share what you’re hearing and seen with respect to capital availability for the development side.
