David J. Neithercut: Thank you, Marty. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. And on our last call, I told you that the EQR teams across the country had our properties very well positioned for the upcoming leasing season and that they were raring to go to maximize revenue during this very important time of the year. Well, here we are at the end of July, with a couple months of the leasing season in the bank, with August squarely in our sights, and I'm once again pleased to say that our teams have delivered on their promise. As we announced last night, same-store revenues increased 4% for the first half of the year and 4.1% in the second quarter. As a result, we've increased our full year same-store revenue guidance to a midpoint of 4%, which is at the high end of our original guidance provided in early February. And we have also increased our normalized FFO guidance for the full year to a midpoint of $3.10 a share, nearly 9% higher than last year and an annual increase that is among the largest we've experienced in the last 15 years. And this is all because the fundamentals remain very, very solid with continued strong demand for quality rental housing like that provided by Equity Residential. We're also pleased that the continued strength in fundamentals is being experienced across nearly every one of our core markets. Reaching the high end of our original same-store revenue guidance range is not due to any particular market or markets performing significantly better than what we'd expected, but rather nearly every market performing above our baseline expectations and more towards our best-case expectations. Across nearly every market, our occupancy is closer to best case, our retention is closer to best case and market rents and renewal rents are both better than we had expected, even in those markets where there was some concern about new supply. So we're very pleased about our performance so far this year and how things are shaping up for the entire year. And with that, I'll let David Santee, our Chief Operating Officer, discuss in more detail what we're currently seeing in each of our core markets and how we performed during this all-important leasing season. And he'll be followed by Mark Parrell, our Chief Financial Officer, who will address our updated guidance and capital-raising activities.
David J. Neithercut: All right. Thanks, Mark. Clearly, we remain very excited about the strength and fundamentals that we continue to experience across our markets. And we're going to remain confident that due to a very favorable demographic picture and continued improvement in the overall economy, that we have a lot of runway yet ahead of us for continued favorable revenue and NOI growth, which will result in strong growth and normalized FFO and dividend payments and total shareholder return for years to come. So I just want to make a couple of comments about transaction development activity. We did buy a couple of properties in the second quarter as noted in the release. In Seattle, we closed on a deal that we'd put under contract in 2011 before construction commenced. And that was the 134 units that David Santee mentioned, which we acquired for $36 million. Recently completed and 67% occupied at closing, it's now fully leased and occupied. It should stabilize at a return in the mid-6s. And that deal would trade at a cap rate today in the low 4s. And we also acquired 208 units in Glendale, California about a block from GGP's highly productive Glendale Galleria property. We acquired that property for $70.5 million. It was built in 2013 and was 81% occupied at closing. Today, that deal is 91% leased and 87% occupied and should stabilize at a yield of 5%. The one property we sold in the quarter was in Orlando, Florida, 336 units that we sold for $41 million. And in our press release, we reflect the yield that we sold of being one of 6.7%, and we refer to that as the cap rate. The true cap rate, however, that being the yield that the buyer acquired, would be closer to 6% when adjustments are made for real estate taxes and insurance. Now as Mark said, our guidance for the year remains to buy $500 million of assets and sell $500 million at a cap rate spread of 100 basis points. That said, I'll tell you we are seeing a lot more product in the market, a lot of which we'd very happy to own by trading them with -- into them with proceeds from noncore assets. But bidding remains very competitive and pricing remains very aggressive. So if we're able to find more investment opportunities that make sense for us relative to the assets we desire to sell, and that's an important caveat, then our transaction activity this year could exceed current guidance. Interestingly, if that were to happen though, the cap rate spread might actually decrease or narrow because the incremental assets we might sell will be less desirable assets in our core markets. And these would trade at lower cap rates than the assets we've been selling in our exit markets. Real quickly on development. While we may not have completed nor started any projects this past quarter, there was and remains a great deal of activity taking place. And we currently expect to complete another $254 million of development deals yet this year, which will bring total completions to $621 million or so for the full year. Starts this year currently look like they'll come in around $1 billion. That's slightly higher than our original expectations, which simply means that some early 2015 starts could now occur in late 2014. And that would suggest additional starts yet this year totaling about $500 million. During the second quarter, we acquired one land site also in the Capitol Hill neighborhood due east of downtown Seattle for 140 units, which we'll develop for a total cost of about $45 million. That deal should -- would yield about a 5% at current rents today, and we'd expect to stabilize somewhere in the low to mid-6s. And with this newly-acquired land parcel to our inventory and assuming we do get to $1 billion in starts this year, that would then mean we'd have about 5 development projects that we'd start next year, for 1,200 units at a total construction cost of nearly $600 million. And similarly, those deals would lease at current rents in the mid-5s and stabilize yields in the low to mid-6s. So with that said, operator, we'll be happy to open the call to questions.
David J. Neithercut: Well, we've seen a little bit of transaction activity other than a couple of deals that have traded before any lease-up occurred to avoid the TOPA transaction issues. But I will tell you that I'm not quite sure I can define any of that as an opportunity. We think those were still very aggressively priced. So not unlike what David has said just in terms of total operations, things are going reasonably well in D.C. given the supply. We're just not seeing a great deal of transaction activity at prices that we would consider to be opportunistic.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, everything that we delivered last year is probably performing better than expectations just because for all the comments David had said about how well we're doing in our markets. What we're working on today, starting today and expect to start is really a story of 5s and 6s. It's a story of deals yielding at current rents somewhere in the 5s and we think are stabilized 2 years or so out or 3 years out in the 6s.
David J. Neithercut: What's been recently completed would be in excess of that. Right, so anything to start in 2011 is really gangbusters. Everything you start in 2012 would be a little lesser than, et cetera, et cetera. So now it's down to a point where anything started today would yield in the 5s at current rents and again we would expect to yield at 6%.
David J. Neithercut: Well, no company knows more about that than Equity Residential after all the activity we've taken place and we've conducted over the past half a dozen or so years. But that's certainly part of the balancing process. And we would balance that, as I noted in my opening comments, by selling assets in core markets that would be less desirable assets. And we would sell those at lower cap rates than exit markets. And again I don't -- didn't mean to suggest that we thought acquisitions were more attractive. What I suggested was that we expected to see more opportunity, but what we are seeing today remains very, very competitively sought for and pricing to be very aggressive. So we're going to see more product. We'll see if we're able to make sense of the pricing of that product relative to the proceeds and yields we'll be able to sell and raise capital assets to your point, because we do want to manage that dilution. Our sort of pledge to the market has been that the dilution experience is part of this transformation that we've taken place over the past 6 years or so will slow considerably. And we aim to deliver on that.
David J. Neithercut: I think pricing has been very strong, and I think sellers of assets that think that they will likely want to monetize their interests sometime in the near future are thinking this might be a good time. And a lot of that feedback comes from the brokerage network that do let us know that they've been requested by sellers to give their opinions of value. And normally, when more of those inquiries are made, that then does produce more deals coming to the marketplace. So I will say, however, though that there have been several instances in which properties have been pulled back from market because the perhaps sellers' overly-inflated expectations failed to be met. But the brokerages are telling us more is coming. We are certainly seeing more. And I think it's just more of a desire of shorter-term holders thinking today would be a great opportunity to monetize their equity investment.
David J. Neithercut: There have been a few out there. Some concentrations in some markets, and then some larger portfolios of disparate assets across lots of markets, some of which would be considered as sort of noncore from our perspective. But I would not say that there has been an abundant amount of sort of larger portfolios. There have been just a small handful.
David J. Neithercut: Well, it doesn't take an awful lot of buyers. It only takes 2. And I think it's very possible you could see some premium pricing on those portfolios because of size. Again, there's an awful lot of capital chasing few deals in the space. And if one has a desire to get capital out in the multifamily segment, a large portfolio may be a way to do that. And that could result in maybe some modest premium pricing.
David J. Neithercut: Well, I guess, it's -- we've had a very successful transaction that we've done with Toll Brothers. And I will tell you we have had numerous conversations with others on similar opportunities. But a lot of things have to come together. Pricing for the apartments have to make sense. Pricing for the condos have to make sense. The totality needs to make sense relative to the land pricing, et cetera, et cetera. And so I'm not -- I would not be surprised to see more of that, not unlike mixed-use projects you've seen. We've got a lovely property in Manhattan that's above a hotel, for instance. I think it's a great way to share cost and to mitigate risk. But again, it's just one of those things that's got to come together. It just adds more complexity and more moving parts that just makes it more difficult to accomplish.
David J. Neithercut: Well, the one deal, we put under contract in 2011, so it was not a recent decision on that. The one deal we did buy in Glendale was that. And we bought vacant properties, maybe half a dozen vacant properties. So I think that anything that we do that we believe gives us a competitive advantage to buy a property at a more attractive price is something that we'll do. So we're certainly not afraid of that. And that again was an example of someone looking to monetize their interest in a good market, and not willing to sort of wait the extra 6 months or year for a deal to get stabilized. And we're happy to be there to take advantage of that. And again, we'd buy the deal at stabilized 5%, then trade it at a low 4%, maybe even a high 3%. So it's one way a company of our size can take advantage of our balance sheet to maybe get a premium return.
David J. Neithercut: Yes, I responded to a similar question earlier suggesting that what we've seen in terms of pricing, what's taken place, is that there have been not anything we define as opportunity. So I don't think that's a market that we're going to be pursuing at the current time. But we never say never. If, not unlike the lease-up deals we just did, we found something that we thought we could do at a premium, we may very well do that. And we'd pair that with a sale of something onto the suburban market so that net exposure would not increase.
David J. Neithercut: Well, from what we understand, from my conversations with the few that are doing it, is it's more of the latter. It's just them thinking it's a good business for them to be in directly. But I think thus far, it's really been in markets in which they've got large single-family home presences and just really haven't bumped up [indiscernible]. It's a lot of Sunbelt product that we just don't think competes with us. So at the present time, we don't see it as a competitive threat to us.
David J. Neithercut: It's certainly [indiscernible] in our quarter. I guess, we're at a point, Michael, where we continue to have some odds and ends of assets that we'd like to use as the capital to provide proceeds to buy whatever we think we may like to do out there. I don't think there's anything that's terribly important or strategic or overly compelling for us at the current juncture. So my guess is our expectation would be to buy with what we can with what we can sell, to buy assets at these prices and issue stocks at these prices. I mean, maybe there's some modest kind of arbitrage in there, but over 375 million shares I'm not quite sure that there's a whole lot of purpose there. But we certainly do look at all of the [indiscernible] capital -- all of the different segments of capital. And Mark and his team have done a great job across the debt side. And obviously, we're very pleased with where our stock is today and have that be at a place where it might make sense to actually do that. But again, that's also a function of what [indiscernible] you can buy and what the right proceeds. And we always consider all of those options.
David J. Neithercut: That's correct. I mean, our development pipeline, as Mark has said over the past several calls, between free cash flow, the disposition of proceeds, we can manage the pipeline of development that we have. So we are not obligated to go into the market to address them.
David J. Neithercut: That's correct. There has been no shifts. We looked at single-family years ago and didn't see it as anything but a distraction. And as we think about the markets we're in today, the assets we own and operate, they're attractive to students. They're attractive to seniors. And we don't think we need to move into sort of purpose-built product to access those 2 segments.
David J. Neithercut: Well, so far, I think that's been a little bit more talk than action. I think that certainly, we look at our assets and there could be condominium premium embedded in those. But so far, that's probably been more talk. We've seen pricing on the post trade that seemed to have been gone off at some kind of premium. Again, a lot of that is a function of what are you going to do with the proceeds, because those have to be reinvested. But certainly, it's something that we're thoughtful of and keeping an eye on.
David J. Neithercut: Well, obviously, that's extremely brand-new product being built to a particular spec. You can't necessarily extrapolate that directly to a product that was built as apartments that could be now 15 years ago. But clearly, we're aware of what's happening and the timing of activity around our properties. I'll also sort of tell you that much of what you read about condos in a place like New York City with a very high-end luxury, large price point stop, and you read very little about what's happening at the more middle range. But it's something we'll keep a close eye on.
David J. Neithercut: I mean, I guess, enough of it that we think that the $500 million and $500 million can and will be achieved. And I guess, again my comment is we think that as the year progresses, there will be more opportunity and perhaps we'll have an opportunity to identify more. But as we looked at what was kicking around out there that we were working on under contract, et cetera, we've felt confident that $500 million and $500 million was still doable.
Mark J. Parrell: Thank you, David. I want to take a few minutes this morning to review our revised guidance for the year and to give the group some background on our recent debt raise and its impact on our balance sheet. We have provided revised guidance for our same-store metrics as well as our normalized FFO per share for the year. We now expect to produce normalized FFO of $3.08 to $3.12 per share. And that's up $0.02, or about 1%, at the midpoint from our prior range. This growth in normalized FFO, as David Santee just described, is being fueled by our expectation of better-than-expected growth in our net operating income, and that's both in the same-store set and the lease-up set, offset by about $0.02 per share of additional interest expense as a result of our recent debt deal. Our previous guidance included a smaller debt deal later in the year than the one we ended up doing. On the transaction activity side, we did not change our guidance assumptions on volume or cap rate spread. And there was no net impact on our revised normalized FFO guidance from transactions. David Santee reviewed the factors driving our same-store expectations. And I'm pleased to say that we have increased our targeted range on our same-store revenues to 3.9% to 4.1%. And that's up from 3% to 4% from our February guidance. And we've narrowed our expectations on expense growth to a range of 2.25% to 2.75%. And that all results in an expected net operating income range of 4.5% to 5%. And this continues the strong growth we have produced over the last several years and that we continue to expect to deliver. And as a reminder, the Archstone assets we acquired last year had been in our same-store numbers this year since the beginning of the year, both in our sequential, quarterly and year-to-date same-store sets. In June, on the debt side we decided to take advantage of the incredibly attractive rates that were available to us. And we went ahead and issued $1.2 billion of unsecured debt. And we issued 2 pieces of debt. We issued our first true 30-year debt piece and a 5-year issuance. We issued $450 million of unsecured 5-year bonds at an interest rate of 2.4%. And we issued $750 million of 30-year unsecured bonds at an interest rate of 4.54%. We used the proceeds from this offering to repay our $750 million term loan facility, which was scheduled to mature in January of 2015, and to repay the amounts outstanding on our line of credit. These issuances were very well-received by our fixed income investors, particularly the 30-year issuance. In fact, the 30-year bond was issued at the lowest interest rate and the lowest spread above treasuries of any 30-year bond every issued by a REIT, while the 5-year bond issue was priced at near-record low levels. The 5-year bonds were swapped to floating, and we will therefore actually be paying an all-in rate of LIBOR plus about 75 basis points. And right now, all-in that would be around 1% on the $450 million in 5-year bonds that we issued. About 11% of our debt now carries a floating rate. As we draw on our revolver during the balance of the year to repay our September bond maturity and to fund development, floating rate debt will increase until it is about 16% of total debt. And that's right in our 15% to 20% target zone for floating rate debt as compared to total debt. And at the end of the year, I expect our revolver to have a $550 million balance. There were several advantages in our minds to issuing this debt now. The term loan facility was about 50 basis points more costly than the swapped rate on the 5-year notes, so we do have some immediate cost savings. But more importantly, our long-term cost of capital was reduced with such a cheap piece of long-term debt. Also these issuances extended the weighted average maturity of our debt to 7.9 years, which is the longest in the apartment space and one of the longest among all large REITs. When rates do begin to rise, this will be a big advantage to us. Finally, by completing all our 2014 debt refinancing activities and a large portion of our 2015 refinancing activities now, we are in an even better liquidity and funding position over the next couple of years. And now I'll turn the call back over to David Neithercut.
Mark J. Parrell: Nick, it's Mark Parrell. Did you ask why did we decide to issue 30-year debt? You were cut off there.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. Well, it's Mark Parrell. We have been thinking about it a while, Nick. And it's been attractive for awhile, but particularly so the last few months. And we've always thought it's a great way to match these long-hold assets we have that we've built and we've bought lately with a long-term low cost of capital. And our anxiety always centered on the covenants, the meaningful covenants that exist in REIT bonds in just binding ourselves for 30 years, who knows what will change in that period of time? But as you look at a rate as well as we were able to get at 4.5% and you look at the average rate the treasury has been, so imagine 10 years from now, we want to repay these bonds. We did a little research, and even in the low-interest climate we've been in lately the last 20 years, about 2/3 of the time, the 20-year treasury has been at or higher than 4.5%, meaning we'd have no prepayment penalty. So in our minds, just boiling it all down, we were getting a great piece of debt. And there is a pretty fair probability that in the future, the company would have the opportunity to take it out for a small or no prepayment penalty if we ever needed to do that. So again, we think it's a great piece of capital to have in the structure long term.
Mark J. Parrell: Our thought -- we have a strategy on that, Rich. I mean, what we're trying to do is avail ourselves of 2 different points on that debt cost curve. And long is great, 30-year is terrific. And the other side we like is LIBOR. We think being floating rate and being short when LIBOR is 25 basis points, and feels like for the near term it'll be around that number, that feels pretty good to us. And I think with the kind of portfolio we have with the lease growth we expect, if rates do go up because, as David Santee just alluded to, we have more growth, then I think the revenue line and the interest expense line item will move in sync, and it will all make good sense. So I guess, I would say I don't get particularly greedy about that. I think that was part of the strategy.
Mark J. Parrell: Yes. I mean, we're incrementally down on floating rate debt. We're lower than most of the guys in the apartment space right now. But we'll end up at about 15%, 16% by the end of the year.
Mark J. Parrell: Well, again we've got a very low, relatively low, percentage of our income coming out of that marketplace. This was just about a $45 million total cost project, so not quite sure how a $35 billion company can be greedy with a $45 million development deal. And then I also suggested that in response to one of the other questions that some of what we may sell maybe some suburban Seattle stuff. I mean, what we're building is kind of downtown close-in, in Capitol Hill, in South Lake Union, in Ballard downtown. So we like those locations. And as David said, we're performing very well in those locations. So again, at less than 7% current NOI exposure, I'm not quite sure that doing a $45 million deal is getting us over our skis in Seattle.
David S. Santee: This is David Santee. We've already issued renewals out through August and September. And really when you just look at the flow of the numbers, once you lock down September, it's really hard to move the full year numbers. And really the only way to move the full year numbers significantly would be having a significant drop in occupancy. So that's why we're confident in our range, in our very tight range.
David S. Santee: Yes. I mean, we already have notices through September. Those are normal to lower than last year, which would imply we maintained the same level of occupancy. And then really, there are so few transactions in the fourth quarter relative to the full year, it's just very hard to move the full-year-number.
David S. Santee: I would say typically, we -- it's hard to look back and say what we actually say because we don't really have new acquisitions' previous results, so to speak. I mean, we just underwrite it. But I would say, typically, what we see are the 3 areas of opportunity are always leasing and advertising, payroll and turn costs. I can't say that most acquisitions produce that degree of savings.
David S. Santee: Yes and yes. All right. They remain older assets and more the sort of suburban circus park garden kind of product. Suburban D.C. is an example, Inland Empire, some stuff in various submarkets of Southern California, maybe even of Seattle. So if there are assets that ultimately we know that because of their age and location might not be long-term holds for us, and if there are opportunities to sell those at attractive yields relative to what we can buy, we'd be more than happy to make those trades. But there's no pressing need to do so today.
David S. Santee: Well, when I look at our results, and I tried to allude to that in my prepared remarks, I guess I would just say, "It depends." It depends on what the -- where you are in the market, what type of supply you have, what type of new product is coming online. We have some of our best-performing urban assets in Boston are B communities. Some of our best-performing assets in Seattle are B communities. So it's really a mix of location, which I think is becoming more and more critical. I think people are looking for a place that is going to shape their lifestyle. Neighborhood is ultra important. And I think if you're in those neighborhoods, both As and Bs will perform equally well.
David S. Santee: I would say, in general, there is -- at the top level, portfolio level, there is definitely seasonality in the pricing. We track that. We've tracked it for the last 8 years. And basically, rents, call it, rents drift off 3% to 5% in Q4 and Q1 just because of lack of demand.
David S. Santee: Yes. So I think that the easiest way to look at it is just the calendar year. I mean, when we kind of review each of these markets on a quarterly basis, which we did last week, it was clear that about 60% -- we're about 60% of the way through our deliveries at the top level, so -- which means you have 40% to go.
David S. Santee: Well, I guess, I would say we made some minor changes to deliveries this year. But they're only going to be pushed into 2015. So when you look at 2014 and 2015 combined, the totals haven't really changed. So we would expect declines in deliveries next year. And hopefully, with continued improving job growth, a great GDP number today, that the economy will continue to improve, and we'll continue down this path of absorbing units with relatively little disruption to our day-to-day business.
David S. Santee: Yes. So when you -- probably the most obvious is Washington, D.C. You start to see development move back out to Reston and outside the Beltway beginning next year and beyond. Every other market, not so much.
David S. Santee: Well, D.C., we have, what, 20,000 deliveries this year? We're roughly 60% through that. However, when I look at our billings today, we are, for the month, minus 10 basis points. So we are seeing better occupancy. We are seeing the net effective base rents stabilize. I mean, as I mentioned, some weeks, they can be up 2%. Next week, they could be down 1%. It really just depends on what's available and where and to what degree that impacts the portfolio. But I guess, I would say that I'm very pleased with how D.C. is behaving. And if the next 6 months are like the last 6 months, then I think we're setting the stage for some reasonable stable performance.
David S. Santee: Well, I guess, I would say that it's related to the Archstone inclusion. However, the savings is spread across the entire legacy portfolio. And probably the best example, if you go to New York City, where we have 2 properties right across the street, Archstone used to be in ForRent, in Apartments.com and what-have-you. And we would have our property in all those same 3 or 4 ILSs. And basically, what we do is we go in and we optimize so that perhaps the Archstone property goes from 4 ILSs down to 2. And our property goes from 4 ILSs down to 2. And we'd cross-sell those properties on our website, so you're basically eliminating half of your ILS spend due to the closed proximity of the assets.
David S. Santee: It's -- we've seen extremely good job growth in Orange County. I would say that there's maybe 1 or 2 large deals that could have some short-term impact. But we feel very comfortable that, that market can absorb the supply that's on the books as of today.
David S. Santee: Yes, I'm glad you asked that question because I quoted the renewal rate at 5.5%, 5.5% versus the new lease. So the base rent year-over-year is 4%. So new leases are 4%, renewals are 5.5%, and then the combined for Q2 is 4.1%.
David S. Santee: No, I think what we see year after year is that rates will drift down. I mean, we are attempting, as we discussed previously, to minimize those expirations in Q4, to minimize that drift in both the occupancy and rental rate. In a place like D.C., we're probably going to be a little more defensive in maintaining that occupancy only because we're not done yet. We still have another year of big deliveries. And the stronger we can maintain occupancy in a market that's delivering units, the more pricing power or the less susceptible we are to having to give concessions. So that will be our strategy in that market. But typically, the seasonal pattern is identical year after year after year. It's just -- but what we see is that we see the same gaps. So if rents are up 4% today, we would expect that -- those rents to drift off, but still be 4% above last year in Q4.
