Martin E. Stein: Thanks, Brian. Thanks, Lisa. To wrap it up, I continue to be gratified by the dedicated effort that our team brings to the table each and every day to execute our strategy. I really like how Regency is poised to continue to grow shareholder value. We thank you for your time, and we welcome your questions.
Martin E. Stein: In our conversations with them, they are very excited about the Harris Teeter brand and their ability, as Brian indicated, to improve efficiencies without adversely impacting the brand. So I think it's a win-win. Also, in the Carolinas, we have one store where there's significant amount of overlap, and that store is a Kroger store that is a bigger size than the Harris Teeter across the street, plus had a gas pad which is important to Kroger. So we feel pretty good about what the impact is going to be to us both in general and on a specific basis.
Martin E. Stein: Yes, the prior year recovery is an indication of higher reimbursements that we're achieving from the tenants.
Martin E. Stein: We'll continue to be opportunistic and continue to look at our portfolio. And we've made significant progress on those assets that we prioritize for sale, and we're about to start that process right now. And, I guess, Brian indicated, there were 2 assets where we had meaningful leasing progress, one of which we replaced the anchor and we pulled those forward. So that's the kind of decisions that we'll make. I mean, the team had already targeted these for sale for a while, and we -- but they want -- we wanted to wait until we had resolved an anchor issue. And we did in the past quarter. And it looks like we're either under contract or about to go on a contract on 2 centers that we targeted for sale.
Martin E. Stein: And I will say, even though we are seeing a pickup in the amount of new developments occurring, it's still well below historic averages. So there's a limited amount of opportunity there. But we -- our focus is extremely sharpened. We, so to speak, have learned our lessons. We're developing those centers that makes sense for the long term, with great anchors in great locations, primarily in-fill or in planned unit developments when it's suburban. And secondly, I think -- and we've been talking about kind of $100 million to $200 million or in the $150 million range. The pickup that we're seeing is more on the development and redevelopment side. And hopefully, I think we've taken that from, say, $10 million to $15 million in renovations a year to hopefully will be in the $25 million to $50 million and maybe even more than that on a go-forward basis or on an annual start basis.
Martin E. Stein: I think the opportunities there from our standpoint are pretty limited from what we understand. For the most part, our partners have -- other than the fund, which we -- which is under contract for sale, I think the opportunities there from Oregon and CalSTRS, and First Washington and CalPERS are pretty limited. You never know.
Martin E. Stein: Let me just remind you, we have 3 centers in Arizona. Now we sold one and down 2 in Michigan. So it's a very limited amount of our space and even becoming more so.
Martin E. Stein: We're still -- from a development standpoint, depending on where the development is located, where the market is, et cetera, we're looking for returns in the 7.5% to 8.5% range. And from an acquisition standpoint, we're looking for total returns. That's growth, plus going in return in excess of 8%, and at least having growth that's going to be in excess of 2.5% so that the properties we're buying is going to be accretive to our long-term NOI growth rate.
Martin E. Stein: We hope the buyer does well, like we always have, but we have no regrets about the sale. And as indicated on the 2 properties that we're now bringing to market, we waited until we were able to do a substantial amount of leasing before we sold. We're always making those evaluations. But look, we've sold a lot of property, and we hope every one of our buyers does extremely well with their investments.
Martin E. Stein: And even though the household income is typically below our $100,000 average, the purchasing power there is substantial. We've got a great grocer who's going to do very, very good. It is -- it does happen to be a presale because that's part of the deal, but we would be happy to own that asset long-term. It's got a Starbucks Coffee in there. I mean, the lineup of side shop retailers is excellent.
Martin E. Stein: Getting back to a prior question because I indicated 19 years, I think it was Richard's question, I mean, having the team, the capabilities and the persistence and the dedication, this is a key part of our business. And if and when we do it right, we create substantial value. A lot of hard work.
Martin E. Stein: Thank you. We appreciate your participation in the call. Everyone, have a great day. I know it's a busy day, and we thank you for your attention.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. And I'll let Brian add some color if he'd like. But we did -- there were some late snowstorms. I think we had a couple of April snowstorms in a few regions of the country. That contributed to the higher expenses spike sequentially and also year-over-year.
Lisa Palmer: And then with regards to timing, we finished our reconciliations earlier this year. So we completed all of our prior year recs in the second -- by the end of the second quarter. Last year, that was in the third quarter. And it's contributing to current year income approximately $0.02. However, we'll see that reverse because we're going to be up against the higher comp in the third quarter.
Lisa Palmer: And there was one transaction that was a bit of an anomaly, a very difficult to lease -- in California.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. Nate, as I mentioned on the call, there's a significant amount that is related to timing, so the timing of percentage rent and the timing of prior year recoveries and also timing of other income. And if you -- we do expect those to literally reverse, so not just normalize, but reverse for the second half of the year. And if you were to level that, we would be closer to the high 3% range.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. A good portion of that, call it 3.8%, is from base rental income, and we've been through that math with you. If you get 1.25% to 1.5% from contractual rent steps, then occupancy is driving, really, the rest of that with -- our rent growth has been kind of low single digits. So it's not contributing as much.
Lisa Palmer: It is driven by the outperformance in the first half. Basically to get -- with a range of 3.5% to 4% from where we are today, growth in the second half would be 2% to 3%. And I, again, would point you to the same formula. If we're getting 1.25% to 1.5% on contractual rent steps, the rest is going to become -- is going to be coming from occupancy, with a limited contribution to -- from rent growth. And yes. And the range is -- we're sitting at 94.6% leased, and our full -- our range for the year is down 30 bps to up 40 bps. And that also contributes to the range of same-property NOI growth.
Lisa Palmer: And that actually contributes a little bit to the point that Jeff was getting to. So we believe some much more difficult to lease space, a little bit less desirable, so obviously, those rents are going to be lower than our average rents in our portfolio.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. And I think Brian would love to share actually how we did perform move-outs. So I'm going to let Brian answer that.
Lisa Palmer: And as I've answered on the last question, that is what is driving the outperformance for the half -- first half of the year, which has been causing the raise for the second half.
Lisa Palmer: Redevelopment was just a small contribution for the first half of the year. Same-property NOI growth without redevelopment is 5%. So most of it is just coming from -- the amount -- the contribution to same property growth from occupancy change really does depend on the mix and on the average rents. But call it 130 basis points, if you take kind of our -- if you take a midpoint of $25 kind of average rent, that does contribute to full 200 basis points.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. Again, I'd start with the fact that we completed our reconciliations in the second quarter, and that's about $0.02. And then the rest is really timing of dispositions.
Lisa Palmer: And, again, attributing some of that to some of the space that has been vacant for quite a long time.
Lisa Palmer: And both of those scenarios that Hap described would have IRRs at or slightly above our weighted average cost of capital.
Lisa Palmer: Prior to turning it back over to Hap, I'd like to close the loop on the TI question, excluding the 2 anomalies. So if you exclude the daycare center that Brian talked about, as well as the PetSmart, the TI for new deals would be $5.31.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. In terms of the operating expenses, they are really only about 2% higher on controllable expenses. What we had was snow, as Lisa was talking about, last year, that was late in the year. And what we used to do is time our building improvements, painting, parking lot resurfacing and things like that. We do that when there's no snow. So usually, those happen later in the year. And last year, just because of the weather, they happened earlier. So that will all level out for the end of the year. And then the other expenses, there were some property taxes that were higher, and -- but the control of expenses are only 2%.
Brian M. Smith: Well, Jeff, I'm not sure I do agree with that. I know at least on our shop space rents, those rents increased for 8 -- I mean, it was 8 straight quarters before this quarter taking a dip down. That's all shop spaces, excluding ground leases. Sometimes ground lease has thrown [ph] a little bit of noise. But they are now at levels that -- well, last quarter, they were the highest they had ever been, and this quarter, they backed down a little bit. I think they fell about 11%. But they're still, I think, where they were about second quarter 2008. Now the anchors, that definitely distorts things because we had a 34% drop in the average rents signed this quarter with anchors. And that's because 12 of them were at single-digit rents, and all but 2 of those were renewals with fixed increases from leases signed long ago. For example, we had a DBS [ph] with $1.85. And so I think the average anchors signed this quarter was $10.26, but we signed 3 or 4 anchor leases either in the quarter or subsequent to it that average about $20 a foot. So I just think the average rents, especially on the anchors, distorts the picture a bit.
Brian M. Smith: Jeff, you look at the supplemental, for sure, it shows 3 quarters in a row of increasing rents. And -- but the reality is, if you go back to 4 quarters ago, that was the lowest amount of TI that we had given. It was the bottom literally of any amount that we have on record for how much we've given. So yes, it's been 3 quarters increasing, but it's coming off a very low base. In fact, except for this quarter, the last 10 quarters have all been below our historic average. So this is the first quarter where it's ticked up just a little bit above the long-term average. And the other thing I would say about those TIs is we are giving it significantly less often than we have in the past. I think there's like 42% or something like that this quarter.
Brian M. Smith: Yes, we have a space that's only suitable for a daycare center. So as part of our redevelopment, we combined a couple of spaces to bring in another daycare operator, and that had very high TIs. We did a PetSmart lease. The PetSmart leases always require a lot of TIs for their electrical and plumbing. And then we had a Corner Bakery that took a lot. So we had fewer leases. We had a few that were higher, so it kind of distorts it. But overall, like I said...
Brian M. Smith: Well, I think our rent growth is already showing the leverage that we're looking for. We had 90% of our markets generating positive rent growth. And I think we've shown you before that in terms of the number of leases, it's about 3/4 are positive and 2 years ago, it was 1/4. So we've just got still some markets more than anything -- I'd say still Sacramento, Central Valley and Arizona are the ones that are causing the drag. But I think until those markets start improving a lot more than they have, we're still going to see a little bit of the drag. In terms of the spaces, I think we did what can -- if you look at our rent growth for spaces less than 12 months vacant and compare it to the old method of doing it, there's a pretty big difference. And I think what you see there is, there's about 10 properties that had negative rent growth and the average being down for 40 months, in some cases, as long as 80 months. So the fact is that we're starting to see those spaces turning over and leasing that haven't leased in years. So I don't know when that specifically translates into a higher number, but it's obviously moving in the right direction.
Brian M. Smith: I think the impact is going to be -- none of us really knows what's going to happen, but if you take Kroger at their word that they're going to let Harris Teeter operate the way they've been operating, I think it's a win for everybody. Harris Teeter has a great brand in the Carolinas, in particular, and the only problem is they have fairly low margins. And I think when -- if Kroger allows them to keep their brand, keep operating as Harris Teeter where they have a loyal following in the Carolinas and then they bring their purchasing power and more savvy systems -- operating systems, I think it's going to be really good for our centers, it's going to be good for Harris Teeter and for Kroger. Up in D.C., I think it's less clear what's going to happen, but I think that's where they view their engine -- their growth engine being. And I'd only be speculating if I said what I thought was going to happen there, but if they would go into the market being #4, Shoppers Food Warehouse is #3. You could see that there might be a potential for something to happen there. And if that were the case, I think that also benefits our portfolio.
Brian M. Smith: If you look at our move-outs, they are about average for a typical quarter. But if you break it down a little bit more, I think you'll see some very positive underlying strength. 170,000 of those -- square feet of those move-outs were for anchor tenants who are temporarily -- have temporarily moved out while we do redevelopments or they've moved out entirely while we bring in a new one. For example, in Texas, we terminated the Randall's lease on our Woodway Center. We'll be bringing in Whole Foods. That's showing up as a move-out. So if you strip those out, we only have 230,000 square feet of move-outs, which is, by far, the lowest amount of move-outs we've ever registered in a quarter. And then if you focus just on the small shops, it was the second lowest amount of move-outs we've ever had for shop tenants. So overall, that average number doesn't tell the whole picture. I think the whole picture is really positive.
Brian M. Smith: Bear with us one second, Cedrik. Okay. We're about 130 basis points of effective rent-paying occupancy growth.
Brian M. Smith: Cedrik, really, it's all those. We're obviously pushing rents, as you can see, from our new rent growth numbers. Where we still -- remember, we're renewing or re-leasing 2008 spaces now. So where we do have renewals that were above market, what we're seeing is we're getting lower growth -- rent growth, but we are getting much better steps going forward. We're also getting -- able to negotiate percentage rent better than we used to from the anchors at artificial growth breakpoints lower than would normally be the case. Concessions for the most part are just not even an issue. The only place where the tenants right now are really pushing back would be on control of the space. The anchors want to make sure that they protect their sales through exclusives and things like that. But other than that, pretty much, the negotiations have turned totally in our favor.
Brian M. Smith: Sure. With Fontainebleau, we're at $128 million of starts for developments and redevelopments, which is where the low end of the range is. We feel really good that this year, we've got -- we'll get up somewhere near the high end. We've got $49 million worth of high probability ground-up developments, which we rate, in part, high probability because we're confident they're going to happen. We control the land, we have anchor tenant leases signed, but you never know. Something, I suppose, could happen. And we've got another $13 million of high probability redevelopments. So that's about $190 million. And then we've got another development that we think we're going to get, which -- that's not as certain. So that would take us up to -- slightly above $200 million high end of the guidance range. I think going forward, you can expect that we would do somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million to $200 million of ground-up development, depending on the size of the projects. If we have a bunch of Grand Ridge Plazas or Fontainebleaus, that number is going to be large. Redevelopments and expansions, renovations, I would think that would be in the $50 million to $100 million range. So I think somewhere in the $150 million to $300 million range.
Brian M. Smith: There were actually about 4 leases that stand out, Quentin. I mentioned the daycare center. That was, I think, about $78 a foot. It was a big number. And then we had PetSmart leases. I mentioned that use -- whether it's PETCO, any of the pet supply guys, because they have fish tanks, they have a lot of electrical in there, they're going to have big TIs. And then we had Corner Bakery and a -- what was the other one? I think it was a salon, wasn't it? Yes. The salon. So I don't -- we could probably get back to you as to what the number would be. I don't have it.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. Because we're only slightly above the historical averages this quarter. I think it would probably take you right down to it, maybe slightly below.
Brian M. Smith: On the long-term trend compared to -- starting 2 years ago, it's much better. It was about 25% of our leases had positive rent growth. Now it's about 75%. So quarter-to-quarter may bounce around a little bit, but I think it's slightly lower than it was last quarter. But, again, long-term trend, we're seeing more and more and more leases with positive rent growth.
Brian M. Smith: Actually, the 73% is wrong. It was 60% last quarter, 48% the quarter before. So over the last 3 quarters for the spaces vacant less than 12 months, it's been getting stronger.
Brian M. Smith: I think -- we had, what? $150 million of ground-up starts last year, Rich. It's not meaningfully more. I just don't agree with that. I think what you've seen is, and we continue to see, is the place where it does pencil is in the better demographic areas where there's much more purchasing power, a combination of average household income and population density. That's where the retailers can generate the sales, and therefore, they're willing to pay the kind of rents that we need. So in terms of why I think we're getting more than our share, some of it is market demand, but like I said, it really is in those better areas. Some of it is financial strength because in those areas, you've got to -- you've got to have some real staying power. I think if you look at our Juanita Tate development, that thing has been -- we've been working on entitlements for 19 years. And Dublin, which is coming down the pike for next year, you're facing lawsuits, lots of money. I think one of the things is that we kept good people during the downturn because it takes years to get these projects through the pipeline to find them, to entitle them. I think some of it is just success breeds success. It gives you credibility with sellers, particularly joint venture partners when they can see how much you've done. We're working on, I mentioned, 12 Whole Foods developments or redevelopments. Yesterday, we were talking to a landowner in a great area who wants to do a development with Whole Foods, and he knows that we've done probably more than anybody. And then I think a lot of it is a skill set. Avon is a property that we're going to close on later this year and start in Chicago, and I think that one -- if you'd ask me about a year ago, I wouldn't have put any money on that we'd actually persevere in getting our entitlements. But the team did an unbelievable job on that one. And I think, finally, it's relationships. We've got a property that we're going to be starting next year in an area that is a true work, live, play environment, again, a Whole Foods development. And that one, there are relationships with the owners of that company and Regency that go way back. One of them is Hap's fraternity brother. So I think the combination of those things, really, is what's helping us succeed.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. One of the things that we are seeing this quarter, we mentioned a little bit on the call, is just how broad the demand is getting. I mean, some of our weaker markets like Michigan, some of our best leasing activity this quarter happened up there. We did about 12 -- I think we signed 8,000 square feet of leases in Fenton, our project in Fenton, and 4,000, I think, have been signed since then. Our State Street project up there, the inline space is 100% leased. In the housing-dependent markets, we've got, for the first time, about 6 properties that have hit 100% leased that struggled during the downturn. So I think we're seeing it in weaker spaces within the center. I'll just give you another example there. We have a BJ's up in Massachusetts. And they went out, and we found a replacement tenant to take about 2/3 of the space, leaving about 30,000 square feet in the back. We actually got somebody to take that backspace. So there's lots of examples of improvement in housing-dependent markets. Weaker markets, Arizona is seeing a lot more activity. The rents are still soft, but you're seeing much more activity than we ever did before.
Brian M. Smith: I saw the press release that the buyer thinks there's upside. We wouldn't have sold it if we thought there was. We had an anchor tenant, The Grocer [ph]. The sales were weak, they were not trending right and we thought that was -- represents some significant risk for us. That particular property is, I think, at the outer reach of the market, if you will. And frankly, I think it's not really that well-positioned compared to some properties in the market. So beauty is in the eye of the beholder and, for us, it represented risk and no upside, but...
Brian M. Smith: Yes, I mean, you got CVS there, Panda, Starbucks, Little Caesars, Chase Bank, yogurt, dental. It is lower income, but I'll tell you what, not only does it have the population Hap talked about, but if you look at the Hispanic grocers in the area, there has not been a center built in there in 15 years because of the obvious high barriers. They all do about $800 a square foot, and not one of them that you can point to has good real estate fundamentals. Usually, they're not on the main street. They don't have good access. They don't have good visibility. They've got really bad physical property. And the other thing is, in those Hispanic areas, we have not changed our strategy, but I don't think you can ignore the demographics. It's not only the fastest-growing part of the population, but they spend so much more on groceries. The average Hispanic household spends 46% more on groceries than the general population per week, and they visit the grocery store 3x as often. So I think that is more where the priority is to spend money. And with the anchors we got there attracting the best retailers, that's also true in Fontainebleau.
