Mike Mas: Craig, good morning. The Master Planned was basically took I think, 19 years to get entitled. So it was a good, hard, long slog, but the landowner has been working a long time, heavy residential be surrounding the retail hub that we're providing. I think the community is very, very excited to have the grocery and the target components. As indicated our leasing activity has been extremely strong, having just broken ground we're LOI or lease negotiation with probably 30% of the shop space. So a lot of pinup demand is how I characterize it. There wasn't a lot of retail growth in that marketplace or any kind of growth. So it's kind of that perfect diamond in the rough that we're able to react to and pull off a really nice retail development.
Mike Mas: I can take that Michael. If you think about the quality or the context of the raise, the $0.11 raise, it’s really coming from two buckets, right? Core fundamental improvement and then what all characterizes prior year cash accounting impacts. So on the prior year cash collection impacts, those are known items that are under our belt prior – we collected $9 million of the now $18 million expectation that we have. We did raise that expectation. So maybe in light of some of the comments Lisa made, we still have confidence that will have a little bit more success collecting the rents that were previously reserved. The non-cash component we’re taking this day by day. It is us; we’re doing this on an as converted basis. So we’ve converted 2.5% of our ADR back to accrual accounting that came with $4 million of a straight line rent reversal. We will take that incrementally from this point forward. What we’re most excited about and have a high degree of confidence on are the core fundamental improvements in the same property portfolio raising our commence occupancy by 30 basis points in the first quarter. I don’t want to call that a surprise, but was a big confident type of metric for us as we thought about our plan. Do we have buffers in the balance of the year? We do Michael, but by this time your leasing plan is pretty known. Everything we’re going to do from this point forward is going to be about 2023. And we’re equally excited about that year as well. And then lastly bringing home some of these accretive transactions, they’re under our belts a 100 – we did raise our acquisitions guidance by $140 million, the large amount it’s all closed essentially. We do have one property under contract in the Northeast that we are working through due diligence. And we’re confident that we will bring into the fold, but really not a spec – not a lot of speculation there either. And on the funding front, fully funded with a combination of dispositions, we settled our ATM; we assumed a mortgage with some of the property. So we feel good about the quality of that raise and our ability to deliver.
Mike Mas: Sure. Hey, Juan, it’s Mike. So you referenced the 230 basis point pre-lease percentage just throw some – I’ll throw some stats actually and then we can talk about how we see absorption going through the year. That equates to about $33 million of rent, when you include redevelopments. We do disclose the amount in the back of the supplement at $6 million for the quarter, as a point that is without redevelopment. So that would the $33 million would be all in through redevelopment. From a timing perspective, we should get about two-thirds of that by year end and the balance we are seeing coming online before the – within the first half of next year. And then to give you some further context on that pre-lease percentage, we are running higher than historical averages, where we’re in the plus or minus 175 basis point range. So we’re very comfortably leasing space and importantly delivering space. As we think about absorption for the balance of this year, last quarter, we talked about 75 to 100 basis points of increased commenced occupancy supporting our plan. I’d say now with really successful first quarter under our belt, we’ve taken that 75 basis points off the table. So we’re looking at a plus or minus 100 basis point rise and commence to occupancy supporting our same property growth rate. And then beyond that, not to dwell on 2023 or to give a 2023 outlook at this point in time, but we’re not at our peak occupancy levels. We – our eyes are on 96% and we think we’ve been there before the portfolios as good as it’s ever been, absence a macroeconomic environment. We don’t – there’s no one around this table that doesn’t believe we can’t get back to those levels, but that’s a lot – I just said a lot in one simple word, absent a macroeconomic environment. There’s a lot – there is uncertainty out there. We all are aware of it, but the team is highly focused on leasing this portfolio to maximum potential.
Mike Mas: Sure. I think it’s pretty simple. I mean, we’re about 200 basis points from our top end as we see it about in that area. And we looking back kind of post GSC, Rich, we’ve absorbed 100 basis points in our best years, kind of from a velocity standpoint, this feels like that type of environment, we’re at leasing. The teams are busy, the pipelines are full and we’re – and the teams are just putting a lot of ink to paper. So about 100 basis points is how quickly we think we can absorb space on an annual basis. So that would put us in that end of 2023, early 24 type of timeframe.
Mike Mas: And Rich don’t forget that’s cash leasing spreads on top of the contractual rent increase. So most of our renewal activity will be in shop space, we’re getting very high. That’s what we’re getting the highest frequency of contractual increases. So that’s on top of three – 2% to 3% annual.
Mike Mas: Sure. Hey Samir. We’ll start with maybe take some wind out of sale. Generally, it’s a pretty small line item for us. It’s in the historically $8 million range in total, that’s less than 1% of our total revenues. And interestingly, we get historically about half of that in the first quarter. So we had a great first quarter, restaurant sales were a featured component of our beat internally on percentage rent, grocers were the other component. We are optimistic that the balance of the year will also have similar results throughout the portfolio. But that opportunity to significantly outperform percentage rent I think has largely been taken in the first quarter.
Mike Mas: Yes. So we have that reserve balance on our Page 34 of the supplement, and you’ll see it at quarter end we were at $41 million. So that’s your starting point where your question is targeted. But let’s break that down. And first and foremost, we’re guiding on the number. So our expectations are plus or minus $18 million. So please start with that. Can we do better than that I think is the question. About half of that $41 million reserve, I would characterize as normal course. If you think about our reserve as a percentage of our open AR historically that’s about normal course activity. The balance of that I put in the two buckets, a quarter of it is in our guide. We are expecting about $9 million in the balance of the year. So that’s about a quarter of that reserve. And then the other quarter Samir, that’s the “wild card” that I think you’re looking for. Again, we’re guiding on the number, because we want folks to be careful with their expectations. We are making a ton of progress in working through the resolution of receivables. It’s primarily a West Coast ballgame at this point in time. Nick and the team out west are doing a great job working through the pile and we could have some more abatements in that number. So we are characterizing that as an unknown, as a wild card for that reason. We could also experience those collections in 2023. Half of that 25%, so about $5 million has already been agreed on with the tenants to defer into 2023. So I think we’re getting to the point where the outperformance on that guided line item is certainly going to start to shrink and the opportunity will start to diminish from this point forward.
Mike Mas: I'll take it. Derek, its Mike. I would characterize our JV acquisition opportunities is more circumstantial than strategic, but I don't want to dismiss the strategic part of it. We had two smallish JV entities in effect with – that were long standing. I think the Regency style [ph] JV; this is over a 15-year relationship between the two entities. And when they – given their size, given, to your point, maybe some of the backdrop elements, it just became clear that monetizing and reallocating the capital was the best choice for our partners. And then when that decision is made, we're likely the best buyer for those assets. So does it derisk our underwriting? Yes. We've known these properties for a long time. In fact, the properties in the USA partnership, although the partnership wasn't that long dated, we've owned those properties for nearly 20 years. So we know them extraordinarily well. It does make for an easier underwriting. There is an end to this strategy. That's why I'm not calling the strategy. We have – we still have remaining joint ventures. We have great partnerships with those partners, long-standing relationships. These are much bigger vehicles. I think we've got about $4 billion in gross asset value across two primary structures, one of which we just bought into through the Naperville, Chicago transaction. So obviously, two partners who are dedicated to the space really like the partnership to service that Regency is providing, really like the grocery-anchored shopping center arena. So I don’t know that we see this – these two circumstances extending much beyond what we’ve transacted today.
Mike Mas: I think it’s – hey, Greg, probably more the former than the latter that 30 basis points of sequential increase in commenced occupancy. That was a really positive sign for what 2022 had offer to us. And remember in the context of our opening initial guidance, and it’s hard to remember three months ago, you still have an Omicron wave kind of rolling through Q1 is traditionally a weaker quarter from a volumes perspective, as well as a retention perspective. But that’s four consecutive quarters now of greater than average retention rates at Regency. So that really is what’s underpinning that 75 basis point move up together with what the previously discussed benefits from percentage ramp.
Mike Mas: Yes. Linda, a good question. Let me clear that up a little bit. So the 18 million guidance is cash collections on previously reserved rents. So nothing to do with conversions of straight line rental income. That is a separate line item. We are – our guidance on that line item is effectively zero. We are on as converter basis. We had $4 million in the first quarter. I will offer, as I did last quarter, a little bit of a heads up or head nod as to what could potentially come through on straight line rent. We – as when we look through our AR and look through our receivables, there’s some visibility of maybe $2 million to $5 million of potential conversion impact on the non-cash FFO line item. From a cadence perspective, I can’t necessarily predict which quarter that’ll occur in, but we do have some level of comfort with that range that I would encourage you to think about that with respect to that as converted guidance that we're offering.
Mike Mas: Mike, our mix is really the same as we've always had. We're seeing good local operators. They're kind of bread and butter for small shop space, and we continue to see good entrepreneurial players in the marketplace that that are really, that's their livelihood, that's the beauty of small local operators that is their livelihood. National folks are certainly national regional certainly have a good open to buy demand as well in growing their footprint. So, but our mix is really very, very similar to what we're used to seeing. No real change.
Mike Mas: Yes. And the only thing I would add Tammi is, if you – when you, I think you asked the question about comparable to other kind of – other the competition if you will. If you were to layer historic regencies percent leased against the market percent leased, there's a – there will always be a pretty large gap and that's just based upon the quality of our portfolios. We are much more highly leased than the market generally. And then through the cycles, and I haven't done this, but my guess is that when you look at cycles because I can go back to the GFC and I do remember that we lost the least amount of shop space versus our public peers that reported. Not everyone reported that at the time, so as my guess is that in tougher economic times, that GAAP actually widens and our percent lease is even higher.
Mike Mas: Yes, that's a packed question there, Tammi. I think your third – your first and third pieces of that kind of go-together. I appreciate the question, what was your cash basis percentage pre-COVID? It's a very good one. The part of the challenge here, historically speaking, but the rules have changed. The gap application has over the course of time too. So it is hard for me to look back at those numbers and think of them as a comparable type of target, so to speak. But I will say it was in the, it was in the mid-single digit range from a percentage of ABR perspective. So 14% going to somewhere in that mid-single digit is what I would expect to happen over time. The comments on the $2 million to $5 million those could easily slip into 2023, but I'm getting that number with, I mean, we're knowingly given that that outlook out there because we do think there's a potential for that to impact 2022. I wish I could give you more clear guidance on which quarter, unfortunately we just can't. When those tenants meet the thresholds and the policies that we've embedded into our accounting infrastructure, they will convert to accrual and then the resulting impact will occur on the non-cash side.
Mike Mas: I'm going to turn that back to Jim. I think it is probably more appropriate for him to respond. Percentage ramp in light of the inflationary environment, becoming more of a discussion item from your perspective in your lease negotiations.
Lisa Palmer: Craig, I'll take that. Thank you. It's Lisa here. I would say cap rates had been – had stabilized that as I said, in my prepared remarks, low to mid-4s for the neighborhood grocery, even community grocery anchored shopping centers, the type of centers that we want to own. And they had been stabilized at that level for quite some time. And again, as I will reiterate what I said in the prepared remarks. We are not seeing that move yet. But with the – because there continues to be a lot of significant capital flowing into that our sector, wanting to own high quality grocery anchored shopping centers. But as we continue to see the pressures, the interest rates rise, I would expect that there may be some pressure on valuations. And you may have – it's simply supply demand. You may have the leveraged buyers exiting the market. So with that, nothing yet but certainly wouldn't be surprised if we see cap rates rise, I just wouldn't expect it to go much. I mean 5%. So still in the – instead of low to mid 4s, maybe you're in the mid to high 4s.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. I appreciate the acknowledgement. You put conservative with realistic together. And I think our approach always has been one of reasonably optimistic, the quality of our company, the quality of our properties and the quality of our people overall. And so with that, you're absolutely correct. I mean, we've been talking about it for several quarters now with regards to the pressures that exist in the macro environment with labor shortages, supply chain challenges, and over the most recent quarter’s inflation. Without – with how we have built the company and our portfolio. However, we are positioned to perform well, really through all cycles, whether it's an inflationary environment, whether it's recession and that is our properties are located in trade areas with really compelling demographics that we can benefit from a customer base that is able to withstand some of those cycles. And you've heard us talk about this in the past as well. And in recessionary environments, there's often a case where consumers want to trade down. And instead of going to higher end more luxury, whether it’s department stores or even restaurants, they go to their neighborhood community shopping centers for more value convenience and still want to spend money, but back to close to their homes. So with that, you’ve – the strength in our – in the operating fundamentals really came through in the first quarter. And that’s with all of these macro environment headwinds that we’re already facing. That’s what gives us the confidence. It’s the quality of our properties. It’s what we’re seeing on the ground with the demand for the leasing, it’s our ability to push rents in this environment. It’s the ability for our tenants to continue to grow their sales and pass on price increases to their customers because of the trade areas that we operate in.
Lisa Palmer: I – we aggressive is the word I would say, because I do want to remind everyone that we have for as long as I’ve been at the company, but 26 years, which is essentially modern era regency, we have remained committed to selling 1% to 2% over time of our portfolio annually. And it’s usually focusing on – as you know, focusing on lower growth non-strategic after the GSC, we actually accelerated some of those sales and sold even more. And since that time, the quality of our portfolio really has improved and the need to sell up to that 2% just wasn’t there. When we looked at what falls into the non-strategic lower growth bucket. So we’ve been more in the 1% area. And in some cases using that non-strategic as a source of capital to trade into the types of centers that we do want to own long-term. So I mean, it sounds like I – it can’t possibly be true, but we really like our portfolio. And there are – we are looking to buy centers that look like what we already own. So in – we get much above that 1%, then we’re starting to sell what we want to buy. And we do want to grow. We believe that there are real economies of scale in our business both from an operations perspective and with – and also with tenant relationships.
Lisa Palmer: With regards to – again, in my prepared remarks, I talked about some of the transactions that we observed happened, ones that we didn’t participate in. On our underwriting, we did see some single asset portfolios trade within low 5% IRRs. We’ve been – we were opportunistic in the acquisitions that we’ve closed and we’ve discussed and talked about on our underwriting, where we have been successful. We’ve been north of a 6%. And as we think about our cost of capital, a lot it depends on your underwriting assumptions and what’s your terminal cap rate. But if you remain pretty steady with kind of 50 basis points going over the – going in a 6% unleveraged IRR had been our hurdle given our existing cost of capital. Do we expect that that’s going to creep up? It could creep up. I mean, we’re obviously seeing the cost of debt rising.
Lisa Palmer: Samir, my first advice to you would be that I think it might be better to get on a Whole Foods conference call and ask them their question what their real estate strategy is. What I do know is that we have a great relationship with Whole Foods and with Amazon as well. And they are certainly as you know committed to physical locations and growing their footprint in both brands. They like every other retailer are going to ensure that they are operating the most productive stores and the most profitable stores. So we still have great confidence that we’re going to continue to be able to grow our footprint with Whole Foods and also as Amazon grows their footprint with them as well.
Lisa Palmer: So let me start and I’ll open it up to Mike or Jim if they want to, to add to it. When we think about our business model and how we think about growing, it starts with our free cash flow. And we are estimating that to be in the neighborhood of $140 million. So if you just assume that we even add debt to the extent that we remain leverage neutral, we essentially can – that grows to over $200 million of capital that we can invest and grow the company. We’ve said it numerous times. I said it again today; the best use of that capital is into developments. And we – I do believe that we have the best development platform in the business. We've got a successful track record, and we're going to continue. I mean, and as we talked about this quarter, we started Glenwood Green, [indiscernible] started just over a year ago, in the middle of the pandemic. We continue to rebuild that pipeline. We did hit the pause button. It was very brief, but we continue to rebuild that pipeline, and that will be the best use of our cash flow. And especially when we're looking at returns that are 200 basis points to 250 basis points and sometimes 300 basis points higher than acquisitions. So, we will continue to do that. We also will invest back into our own shopping centers and redevelopments. We've had a lot of success with acquisitions. And when – we will always be opportunistic with acquisitions, as I've talked in the past, it has to check really three boxes. It's going to be accretive to or at least looks very much like the quality of our portfolio, accretive to our future growth rate, accretive to earnings.  And then once we find those opportunities, we have those presented to us, we look at how can we fund it with our free cash flow going to development. And that's when we will then evaluate other sources of capital. And you've seen us use dispositions, both low cap rate, dispositions, monetizing assets that are nonstrategic and then also tapping the equity market when it makes sense. We also have positioned the balance sheet intentionally to be able to use it at times when we can't tap those other sources of capital, and we need to lean in. As Mike said in his remarks, we are operating now at the low end of our target leverage. So, we have capacity. We can continue to buy and buy accretively.
Lisa Palmer: I don't know that there's enough data yet to really make any conclusions as to what increased gas prices have done to our traffic because we're not seeing any significant changes. So that – but it's still early. But I'd like to – you asked that question in such a way that I'd like to just remind everyone. What we have seen, because of not necessarily increased gas prices, but with pandemic-related kind of structural trends, but that's a tailwind. It's been a – it's a tailwind for our first ring suburban trade areas. We continue to see people staying at home more often and staying close to their home. I saw a research report for another company as a health system that I'm involved in. People spend 90% of their time within just a few miles of their home. So if they're home more often, that number could even grow and then they're going to essentially visit our shopping centers for their needs for their value convenience. And we've actually seen those trends provide tailwinds. The second thing is the renewed confidence with the retailers. Because if you go pre-COVID, and we've talked about this before, there were still a lot of question marks about last mile distribution and how could they service their customers. A lot of those questions have been answered. The best way to do it is from locations close to the consumer's homes, it's the most profitable. They really – they knew they wanted the customers to walk in the door. That is the most profitable, but a lot of them had a little bit of work to do to figure out their overall systems and supply chain so that they could service their customers from the stores and they've made great progress. And that's also – that is a significant tailwind for neighborhood community shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: It's still very much trade area driven. If the trade areas look similar, cap rates are going to look similar. So there's really not much of a difference for the type of quality that we're looking to acquire. 
Lisa Palmer: I just want to thank you all for joining us today. And I'm so used to having a call on Friday, it's Wednesday, but I'm going to say it anyway, even though we're days away. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there and enjoy your weekend. Thank you all.
Jim Thompson: Yes. Juan, this is Jim. I’d think – yes, we’re really pleased that the 6.5% where we ended up this year with 8% being attributed to the new leases. Quite frankly, as I step back and look, there really are no outliers this quarter that were driving that, which was impressive to me that it felt like we were across the board in all regions, really hitting kind of a target growth number. I think it’s indicative of a healthy portfolio across the board and really can’t point – I think as I look back over compared to 2019, I think we’re back to those same kind of rent growth that we experienced in pre-pandemic times. I would like to remind as we look at rent growth as a whole, it’s kind of the three pronged approach I talked about, it’s getting those embedded rent steps, which we’ve been very successful. This quarter we had 80% of our deals had bumps them and 97% of new deals this quarter had embedded rent bumps. Obviously, mark the market wouldn’t get the opportunity on expiring leases, judicious spend of capital, all of those kind of combined to that net effective/GAAP rent that’s probably what I look at more than anything is that’s a more long-term real growth kind of metric, and we’re getting back to where we want to be and where we historically operated in that 13% to 15% range right now.
Jim Thompson: Yes. I think as I’ve always looked at this business, our rent spreads track our occupancy. And as we get closer to what Mike described as full occupancy in 95%, 96% range, if you look over our shoulder, I think those rental rates and expectations rise as that occupancy and that lack of available supply is there. So I would see us as that curve goes up, I believe you’ll see our reps track that.
Jim Thompson: Derek, yes, I think, the pipelines to start with the pipeline question. The pipelines are continue to be robust and in line with, as we look over our shoulder, the great leasing we’ve done year-over-year. The pipeline appears to support that continued level of production. It’s equal in shops as well as anchors as we look at what our availability is. We’ve got good names associated with the vacancies and targeted uses least indicated the work from home has been I think a structural change to our business. And it has really been a driver to our demand, I believe. Uses, it’s the ones we’ve talked about in the past. Its health and wellness, the medical sector, cosmetics like the Sephoras, restaurants, especially the fast casuals, very high demand, pet uses off price players and certainly as we discussed our grocers. And again, I think I mentioned it earlier, it’s really across all regions. We’re not seeing one market that’s hotter than others. There’s really good, solid demand across the board. And again, the leasing production has been steady across the boards. So it’s really feels right now feels really very strong, the direction we’re going and the level of production that we’ve experienced.
Jim Thompson: As I indicated in remarks, I think we’re trying to use every lever we can find to try to expedite and help our tenants. We’ve got tenant coordinators. We’ve got expeditors. We’re trying to get demo permits before anything else we can get in there and make sure we can stay ahead of the curb as much as we possibly can. And one thing about the pandemic, everybody has learned to be quick on your feet to pivot and to make do with what you have. And that’s what we’re seeing in this environment as well. That retailers need to be open, they’re going to find a way to get open. We’re going to help them find that way as fast as we can. We’ve got a real sharp eye on our CD dates. That’s kind of our Bible. So we are trying to do everything in our power to make sure we can help expedite the best we can to make sure those tenants get open and start paying the rent. And so far we’ve been successful. We’re not seeing a slide.
Jim Thompson: It's essentially - it's essentially flat, and we're not trying to take away any color, and in fact, a lot of that data is pretty widely available to the public at this point. But as Lisa indicated it earlier we're not seeing any dramatic shifts in our traffic patterns and very comfortable with them having return to 2019 level.
Jim Thompson: Thank you for the comment first. Flight-to-quality it's hard to judge, but that intuitively and what we're from a color standpoint. We see people trying to upgrade that's anytime there's any kind of downturn in the business. People like to take advantage of that and move towards quality and we see it in the office side, retail side, it really doesn't matter. As far as our ability to grow rents, I think its evidence in what we put out there. Yes, we're seeing opportunities to kind of grow rents as those tenants move towards our marketplace.
Jim Thompson: No, I appreciate that. Yes, the expectation largely is that we would refinance those maturities when they do come to. Let me give you an interesting point there with respect to you tying that into our appetite for JV acquisitions, these are single asset mortgages, and there is permitted transfer language within those mortgages. So there is no – from a partner's perspective or Regency's perspective, there's no downside to placing that financing on the asset. It doesn't inhibit either one of our ability to transact. They're just assumable later party. Goes back to my comments before, oftentimes, Regency is the best buyer for these portfolios. That is one of the reasons why that's true. There is – the vast majority of our exposure is in 2023, not 2022. And I would say that there's good demand as there is on the equity side and buying shopping centers, there continues to be good healthy demand for financing, grocery-anchored shopping centers. We fit the product type. We fit the credit profile that many of the life companies are looking for on the secured mortgage side, and we had success in Q1. I don't see why we wouldn't have success refinancing those maturities when they occur.
Jim Thompson: But I guess in my experience, what I would suggest. I think tenants are a little stickier in the last four quarters because of what we've been through. As I look to the future, I think that 75% is our – has been our typical average. I kind of look at that as a reversion to the long-term stabilized at least for our portfolio. I think the way we asset manage the amount of internal redevelopment we do. There's always going to be a level of, what I'll say, churn or turn within the portfolio that 75% seems to be the right number from a retention standpoint. So I'm happy to see that we're a little above that today because I think today's environment really is appropriate for that. But as we – as that supply goes away and we get back to that 96% lease level, and we're doing the things we get big proactive asset management perspective, like I said, that the 75% is probably a runway that I'd look at it.
Jim Thompson: Yes, I think – I would say probably it is. I think, quite frankly, reporting sales in general is – rather than percent rent, but just reporting sales in general is what we've seen over the last 10 years has become more proprietary from anchors perspective. It used to be a given in the grocery business. But of late, tenants don't want other people to know how they're doing. So it's challenging. So I think over time, the percent rent, we still try to push it. I think restaurants is still probably a very good industry that we can get that. But over time, I think that will become and even less, as Mike indicated, it's not a big piece of our business today, and I think that will continue to dent a little bit over time. And the other thing that happens is as we have an opportunity to redevelop or restructure an anchor deal and they were paying percent rent, we roll that into new base rent and reset the bar. So that also is another avenue that just continues to reduce the amount of percentage rent that we can expect to get long term.
