Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Brain. Thank you, Lisa. I would like to close by reaffirming our focus on excelling in each facet of the business. Growing earnings, NAV and shareholder value, and distinguishing Regency among our peers and within the REIT sector. We thank you for your time and we'll now turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A.
Martin E. Stein: And just finally, I'll pipe in and say, it would be really nice on this call next year to be able to say 4% 4 years in a row, and the team is really focused on enabling up. Brian, Lisa and I had a talk about that.
Martin E. Stein: It's across-the-board, but primarily -- it's the underlying fundamentals of, basically, base rent growing.
Martin E. Stein: I think, as a percentage of our NOI that's involved in partnerships has incrementally come down and I think it will continue to come down. And we're not looking to add any new institutional partnerships at this point.
Martin E. Stein: I think, they'd like to expand, but we're -- and we did the Broadway acquisition up in Seattle with our partnership with the State of Oregon. And also, I'll remind everyone that we have distributions in kind in all of our partnerships. So to the extent that those partnership -- we end those relationships, and there's no desire to do that, we've got great partners, we would end up with our pro rata share of properties.
Martin E. Stein: I will make a quick stab at the second part of that question, and I think the answer is yes. I think they're looking for better footprints, better infill locations and sometimes new markets. But the anchors focus has been more infill and that's been aligned with what our current focus is. From a capital allocation standpoint, we have established a guideline of -- or a limit of 2x EBITDA as far as our exposure, including our future commitments to development. And that's a little bit under $900 million. And that's something that ought to grow organically is our -- in effect, our balance sheet grows. At this point in time, we're less than half of that number. We're still looking to -- looking for opportunities, but there's not as many opportunities that meet our criteria as far as the opportunity to develop great shopping centers at compelling spreads. But we do feel in spite of competitive landscape, I think as Brian indicated and I indicated on my remarks, we ought to be able to average $150 million, $200 million of new developments and redevelopments a year. We could do somewhat more than that if compelling opportunities that met the criteria were available.
Martin E. Stein: That incentive comp is paid based upon development performance on the back end once the properties are complete and leased up. And that's -- just so you know, it's the field that earns that -- will earn that incentive compensation.
Martin E. Stein: There's a limited number of large -- I mean, of portfolio opportunities and/or one-off opportunities that meet our criteria that have superior NOI growth. And just once again, when we buy a shopping center, we're going to finance it, primarily or kind of our go-to financing is sell a shopping center at roughly comparable cap rates that has a much lower growth rate. But it's a very competitive market out there and not a lot that meet our criteria. But our team works very -- Brian's team work very, very diligently to find market transactions and has had a decent amount of success for finding great centers with good upside.
Martin E. Stein: We thank you and appreciate your time. And wish everybody a great President's Day weekend. Thank you very much.
Lisa Palmer: Craig, it's Lisa. I'll start and look to Brian to add any color. First, I think, I'd be remiss if didn't say how proud we were of the fact that we did achieve 4% for 3 consecutive years. And remind you, even pointing to some of our prepared remarks, that our strategic goal is to sustain 3%-plus NOI, same property NOI growth. And obviously, you know our sector well, even that's not necessarily going to be easy for everyone to achieve, but we believe that we will be able to sustain 3% NOI growth because of the quality of the portfolio, as well as some of the redevelopment efforts that we're doing. And so if you think about the components of growth, over the last 3 years, we have had some lift from increasing our percent leased and then also narrowing the gap of percent leased to percent rent commenced. So we've had some of that and that contributed to our 2014 growth. And then looking to 2015, we'll still gain some from having more rent paying tenants. But clearly, that is decelerating just from the fact that we're nearly 96% leased.
Lisa Palmer: And Jeremy, I will just add from just a pure mathematical standpoint. If you look at our percent lease for our anchors being nearly 99% leased and our guidance for 2015 of actually the high end of percent lease guidance being 96.5%, that obviously all have to come from small shop space.
Lisa Palmer: And then on the same property, we do include the impact of redevelopments for the quarter. It was 100 basis points and 70 basis points for the full year, positive.
Lisa Palmer: I'll let Brian -- I mean, basically, nothing onetime. It's percent, basically, effective rent paying or percent commence, whatever you want -- whichever term you want to use, that's significantly increased. And then also just higher percent -- just higher rent steps. What the team has been really focused on, getting mid-term rent steps, more contractual rent steps at a higher rate. And we've made a lot of progress towards that. But I'll let Brian add some color.
Lisa Palmer: And base rent, obviously, also impacted just by the strong rental rate growth we've had over the past year as well. I mean, that's all -- everything contributing to it. And we expect that to continue into 2015.
Lisa Palmer: Let me just -- I'm sorry, Jay, let me clarify. Were you -- you were talking about the expansion land that's adjacent to our properties that's on our guidance page or were you talking about land bank. Because those are different. Because we mark land to market every quarter, but not if it's adjacent to an operating property and it's not -- basically, on the balance sheet separately.
Lisa Palmer: I would expect that it would stay static. We're really happy with our partners. As you know, Mike, that they were an important part of our growth when you look back 15 years. And over the past more recent years, they've stayed pretty static.
Lisa Palmer: No. The G&A was higher in the fourth quarter. There's a portion of our incentive comp plan that's not finalized until the fourth quarter. So we'll always see more in G&A in the fourth quarter assuming that we have incentive comp to pay more in the fourth quarter than in the prior quarters. We do accrue for some, but not for all. And then for our guidance for G&A that we provided in mid-December was flat to up 3.5%, and that remains unchanged.
Lisa Palmer: Again, the capitalized piece is -- the part of this incentive comp that we don't finalize until the fourth quarter is related to our development program. And so a lot of that, that was -- that happened in the fourth quarter was actually capitalized -- capitalizable incentive comp. And it's just a result of our increased development activity. And we would expect selling into 2015 that capitalized development costs will actually be down some. But still in the -- not as high $16 million but stays in the $12 million to $15 million range.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. Craig, I guess I would add that -- there's a few things. While we have really strong base rent growth than we're forecasting, I think, we will continue to see the kind of results that we've been turning over the last 3 years in that regard. We may be conservative right now at this point in terms of looking at prior year recoveries and we're showing some drag there, time will tell that we can do better than that. We certainly hope so. And then we're up against some pretty big other income, things last year like a payment from Kroger in Ohio and [indiscernible] that we sold out in California. We haven't identified anything specifically to replace those. So there's probably a little bit of conservatism until we have better clarity on those.
Brian M. Smith: I don't think, Craig, that the impact on us is going to be meaningful at all. I mean, first of all, the economy overall is very diversified. There's -- it's been white-hot. I think it's fair to say that there's got to be a deceleration, but Houston is a strong market, Texas is going to continue to grow. I think, the impact is going to be probably greater on office and multifamily. If you just look at our portfolio, it's been established there for a long time, it's in very affluent areas. Our average household income in that portfolio is $140,000 and we're occupied greater than 98%. So -- and they're also mostly master planned communities with the Woodlands and Cinco Ranch and the likes. So you've got some protection. I think if we had some land that we closed on with the expectation of maybe some office mixed use it might be a different story, but there's none of that going on.
Brian M. Smith: I don't -- we haven't seen much difference. I'll tell you the leasing is still about 20% mom-and-pops. I think it's important that we identify kind of what we mean by mom-and-pops. None of the retailers or restaurants that we're dealing with would be first-time operators who just decided to open up a business. I mean, these are people who have been in business, they're either -- it may be that they have 1, 2, 3 stores. And we're really big on, frankly, having local operators. Because if you look at the whole millennials, what are you reading in all the researches? That they like new, they like fresh, they like authentic, they like local. And they can react, particularly the restaurants, faster than the national chains. So we do about 20%. And just kind of some examples of the people that we deal with would be -- that we call mom-and-pops, would be Lily Rain in Houston. This was the guy who started Francesca's chain, took it public and then decided to leave that and he opened up his first store at our Woodway Center in Houston. Out in California, this guy, Chicken Charlie's, he was on ABC News. He's got tremendous publicity and press because of his operation which he ran out of a food truck. We opened him at Balboa and have lines out the door and the press is covering him now just because of the sensation. In terms of where we are now. We're at 91%. I think we will -- we should be able to blow through 92%. Don't know exactly how high it goes, but I would tell you our pipeline today is stronger than it has been in some time. It's about 50% of the remaining vacant spaces have activity going on right now, whereas the last 4 quarters average is more like about 43%. So I think it's going to keep going, and I'm not sure how high it gets.
Brian M. Smith: Sure, Christy. Actually what's interesting about La Floresta is I wouldn't call Sprouts a full-service gourmet grocery store. This is the only full-service gourmet grocery store in North Orange County. The nearest Whole Foods is 15 miles away. So what we're finding is, because there is such demand for that kind of use that we're literally getting our pick of the litter when it comes to the small shops, which is one of the reasons why we emphasized in the introductory remarks the merchandising aspect of our Fresh Look approach to this. Whole Foods, we -- as you know, we did 5 new development starts with them this year. We have come a long way with them. If you look at the end of 2008, we had 4 Whole Foods in the portfolio. Today, we have 17 and we have a pipeline of another 11. And that's combination of development, redevelopment and the acquisition that's coming probably this next quarter or this quarter. So we just think the world of them. Anytime we have a Whole Foods, you can guarantee that it's an area that has both high income and high education, because those are the 2 most important criteria they look for. And those are areas, obviously, where you have the ability to grow household income and enhance drive sales and drive rents.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. I mean, the leasing spreads, we expect would continue to be strong. The fundamentals are strong. We know there's no new supply with this tremendous demand out there. And we also know that from our own experience that as soon as you get to 95% lease, you definitely have more pricing power, just pure supply demand. I think if you look at 2014, the difference between those centers that were over 95% and those that were under 95%, have about 420 basis points difference in the rent growth spreads. So we're starting to get -- we're -- we got pricing power in almost all of the markets now. I mean, if you look even at the markets that have lagged today that have maybe been a drag on rent growth, North Florida, Arizona and Sacramento and Central Valley, all of those markets are at least 95% having enjoyed real strong occupancy gain. So I think it's certainly -- there's nothing that would make us less optimistic that we'd be in double-digit rent growth for next year.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. No, it's -- again, it's kind of odd view to sort of well balance. We had some other income, as mentioned earlier. The rent steps Lisa just talked to were very strong. I mean, in the fourth -- I'm sorry, the rent steps were 2% for all leases versus 1.3% for the whole portfolio. So I'm not sure if that answers it...
Brian M. Smith: I don't think it's necessarily increasing value. It's down from about a $150 million a few years ago, probably one of the biggest pieces in it was a project that we're starting out in Southern California, it's going to be a development with Target, Lowe's and several others, had it all leased and then the market went bad. And I think, it looks like we've got activity on that, we would like to see that sell this year. We're kind of hoping that we reduce that by another $10 million in 2015.
Brian M. Smith: And Jim, while we're heavy on Publix this year, I mean, we certainly are not limited to just them. I think it was reported in one of the news outlets that we're working on a Wegmans opportunity, and that's real. We think the world of them. We got Kroger concepts that we're working on. So we're doing a lot of different grocers. And in terms of where we're doing them, it's -- we have some where the grocer is moving into a new market, most of you like the Publix like we started at Willow Oaks in North Carolina, as Publix has moved up into Charlotte. But by and large, it's high barrier markets where it's tough to get stores going. And I think, La Floresta is an example of that. Whole Foods have been trying to get the North Orange County for a long time. They're certainly well represented in Orange County and in a lot -- in the whole Southern California area. But it just takes time to do those. Same thing with Belmont in Washington DC, and that's a master planned community that's been in the works for many, many years. And that was our only opportunity since there will be one grocery center in that development. So mostly it's infill in existing markets, but every now and then we have something like the Publix still to go into a new market.
Brian M. Smith: So for the entire portfolio, our midyear rent steps are 1.3%. Although as I mentioned earlier, we have really been focused on that part of the business for the last of couple years. And for 2014, all the leases we signed had an average of 2% rent bumps and we get it 87% of the time, which is a lot higher than historically is in the average.
Brian M. Smith: I think it's pretty much the same. I mean when we talk about the retailers that are doing well, those are the ones that are looking to expand. And that has a long list. But primarily, I would say the common thread would be anything that's related to health, whether that's restaurants, whether it's exercise places, athletic apparel, massages, those are really the ones that are in big demand. There's very few categories I'd say that where the retailers are struggling and aren't really looking in -- and you know that list, it hasn't changed, toys, office, tanning supplies, dry cleaners, books. Other than that, it remains very vibrant across-the-board.
