Hap Stein: Thanks, Brian and thanks, Bruce. In closing, I have no doubt that Regency is not only on the path to recovery, but more importantly, is on the right road to reestablishing our preeminent standing with you.  Before I turn the call over to questions and answers, I have to take this moment and comment on the announcement a couple weeks ago of Bruce’s plans to retire at the end of the year. To say this is a bittersweet moment is a major understatement. Bruce’s leadership, his experience, his judgment and financial acumen have been instrumental in successfully building Regency into a leading national shopping center company. He’s part of our heritage and he epitomizes those attributes that make our culture and the people of Regency so really special.  At the same time, Regency is fortunate to have Lisa, another consummate professional and wonderful person in the same mold as Bruce, to succeed him in January 2013. Many of you had the privilege to work with Lisa over the years and already know of her strengths and accomplishments.  As I indicated, Bruce will not be retiring until the end of the year. Until then, we will continue to benefit from his full-throttled effort, leadership and judgment as we build on improving fundamentals in this crucial year.  We thank you for your time and welcome any questions you may have. 
Hap Stein: I would say that small shop would be between we are today -- We may take a dip in the first quarter, but we ought to be, by the end of the year, between where we are today and 90%. 
Hap Stein: I think that the rate of growth should reduce and we are actively in an efficient basis to reduce the rate of growth. 
Hap Stein: In addition, as we mentioned, it isn’t all due to seasonal move outs. Some of it is due to including new properties into the pool.  
Hap Stein: That was the first that we’ve done together. They have made other investments that, for whatever reason, we decided not to do together. They’re in the market and would like to deploy more capital. 
Hap Stein: If you’re going there and you can either get good dependable growth like we’ve got in Lake Grove, or even there’s maybe more upside and your total return is better, I think we’re pretty much on the same page there together as far as what we’re looking for. 
Hap Stein: Possibly with Blumenfeld, yes.  Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot.  
Hap Stein: We’re considering all that, where I do think we may have an advantage from a sales standpoint as those assets that are unencumbered, but the key criteria we’re going to look at is is this going to be a drag on future NOI growth, and that’s the criteria that we look at, and/or what’s the visibility from here for NOI going up or going down. 
Hap Stein: The key issue is what’s the individual demand for the specific project. In certain instances, no shop space may make sense, and in certain other instances, 45,000 – 50,000 square feet may make sense, so what Brian and the team are doing is calibrating what’s the visible demand for side shop space and when it’s appropriate, we’re also phasing it. 
Hap Stein: Typically, what we may be selling is we’re saying meaningfully higher growth than what we’re buying than what we’re selling, and let’s leave it at that. 
Hap Stein: Number one, I think that we are seeing, as Brian indicated, a very resilient demand for space and as he indicated, we’re starting to feel more pricing power and I think that feeling is real, obviously to the extent that we get more of the economy behind us, that’s going to improve because there’s less supply that’s been out there, especially a better space, so I think it would take an effective downturn in the economy to swing to reduce the tenant demand for space and pricing power, in effect, swinging back and the momentum going in the other direction. [Tao Akesanya] – Jeffries and Company: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Hap Stein: We had limited exposure there. We’ve got limited exposure to Best Buy, and in the case of Sears, I think, as Brian says, bad news would be good news. 
Hap Stein: I think if we can generate on a good infill site returns above 8%, it’s going to be a meaningful accretion to where you’d buy that shopping center on the open market today. So, we’d like to get 9%, but as I said, if we can get returns in the 8.5% range, what we’re focusing on today, which are dominant core shopping centers, especially in infill markets or markets that are tough to develop in, I think we’ll be doing well. Jim Sullivan – Cowen and Company: Good, thanks. 
Hap Stein: Unfortunately, we have limited exposure to those markets. Wes Golladay – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. 
Hap Stein: The bottom line is we’d rather have a shopping center that makes a core shopping center infill market that makes set in stone long term, and if the return is eight or if it’s eight or maybe a little below that, because we’re phasing part of the side shop space, we’d rather have that than a 10% return out in a shopping center that doesn’t make sense doing long term. 
Hap Stein: It’s holding steady, I’d say. Executing on the sale of non-core properties, the properties that we’re selling, there is demand but it isn’t like the demand for the A centers.  
Hap Stein: No, it has not. As a matter of fact, I think the stuff we’re selling is still for the most part is pretty decent. It’s good stuff and we just think the capital could be better utilized elsewhere as far as improving our growth profile. 
Hap Stein: We’ve had conversations with our banks in the past and have offered that up, but when you really get right down to it, most of the demand from tenants, they have financing available, the right tenants, and we just haven’t to date found a program like that that would make sense. Financing, I don’t think is an impediment to us getting 94%, hopefully, by the end of the year, and 95% by the end of next year. 
Hap Stein: I think it’s more noticeable meaningful improvement from where we’ve been would be the way I would describe that as. It’s moving very encouragingly in the right direction. 
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time and interest in Regency and hope that you have a great week and a great Super Bowl weekend. Thank you very much. 
Brian Smith: The sequential improvement was 110 basis points and we’re expecting by the end of the year to have somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000 square feet of positive absorption, and that’s pretty much all coming from the small shops, so that’s how we’re going to get to approximately 94%. 
Brian Smith: We tend to just historically, in the first quarter, have more move outs. That happened in, certainly, the last two years. It’s pretty much a seasonal thing we see every year. So, we expect that’s going to happen in first quarter. We’re planning on it, anyway. Our experience so far in January has been less than what we’ve planned for, but that’s an annual thing that happens.  
Brian Smith: We may be. We just don’t know. Again, historically, for the first quarter we’re going to have negative absorption and then we’re planning in the next three quarters to be very positive from there. The question is does January represent all of the first quarter. January is the month we expect to be the worst of the three months in January, and like I said, we’re about 100,000 square feet better on the negative net absorption side than what we planned. I just don’t know whether that will maintain that improvement throughout the rest of the quarter or not. 
Brian Smith: Let me just check. In 2012 it looks like we really only have one property that’s going to be coming up of land held and that would be similar in the sense that it would be about a seven, or in the sevens on total cost, and more like about 14% on incremental income. 
Brian Smith: We’re going to report both, obviously, but the costs are what they are so we’re going to have to report total costs, but they also sunk costs, so the question is how do we get out of those, and if we can deploy the additional capital returns that are that attractive, then that’s what we’re going to do. 
Brian Smith: It’s exactly right. If you look at what’s been started this year and in the last couple years, as Hap said, some of those had very little. I think we’ve averaged about 15,000 square feet over what we’ve put in place, but some of them had none and some of them had a lot. Not a lot, but they’ve had more.  If you look at the two we’re announcing this quarter, in Medford, Oregon we’re doing limited amounts, maybe 15,000 square feet, whereas the one in northern California, there’s tremendous demand, so we’re going to build much more there. 
Brian Smith: Yeah, we’re certainly focused on it. What we’re dealing with, I think, are a couple of things. We still are dealing with some high rents. For example, if you look at northern California, we’ve got pricing power in the San Francisco Bay area, but we just did a lease for our Powell Street project at $48 a square foot, but it was coming off of a $51. So, on one hand, we’ve got markets where we’re seeing increased stability to push rents, but some of those markets we pushed real aggressively before the downturn. But overall, I think we are seeing some positive things.  The property manager’s reporting that across the country there is an increased ability to drive rents. Not all properties, not all markets, but as a general trend, yes. If you look at our numbers, if we look at all spaces including those that have been vacant for more than a year, the new was negative but it was less than half as negative as the average three quarters, and if you focus on those that are just less than 12 months, we actually had rent growth on new spaces of over 5%.  So, in the leverage system, all aspects of the leasing seems to be returning a little bit more. We are exercising those termination rights and getting rid of the weaker tenants that would be hard to grow rents. We are getting better rent bumps and what we’ve seen so far in January is stronger rent growth. 
Brian Smith: It would be a combination of that and our income taxes. Other amounts are related to reserves we’ve put up for environmental costs or insurance reserves on liability claims, those kind of things. 
Brian Smith: Again, we’ve been focusing for the last few years on mostly the national, the regionals. Very, very little leasing is being done with true mom and pop shops, so I don’t see any reason why that wouldn’t continue, although we are hearing that financing is returning to the small shops but, again, that’s not been something that’s held us back in the past, so I don’t think it’s going to affect us that much going forward.  There’s a couple of categories of small towns that we worry about. I would say that the dry cleaners are certainly one we’ve been seeing some weakness in. Tanning salons, we’ve been seeing some weakness in, and then we’ve got the ones that are well known to everybody. If there’s any remaining video or the book category, those kind of things. 
Brian Smith: I think I just mentioned that there is more Small Business Association financing out there but we have not been needing that in terms of increasing our occupancy. We’ve been leasing to stronger chains, national, regional and so forth, but it certainly can’t hurt us as some of the smaller players decide to get back in the market because there’s financing available, that can only help us. 
Brian Smith: We are definitely seeing more of them, particularly in some regions. If you look at who’s really expanding, it seems to be all over the map. You’ve got the Kroger’s and the HEB’s, which are growing very large, putting very large stores into production. On the traditional size, I’d say the one that’s grown the most would be Publix.  But, what you’re seeing, particularly in California, would be almost a grocer war in northern California with all these smaller concepts. You’ve got the fresh market, you’ve got Sprouts, you’ve got Sunflower, Fresh & Easy, just a lot of that going on – Trader Joe’s, of course, and we have not done much with them. We’ve put some in our existing centers.  We are doing a little bit, and in terms of underwriting it, we factor that in with the other risk metrics, the amount of shop space, how much preleasing is done, but we tend to go with the better operators, so we’re not doing any new developments for Fresh & Easy. We kind of factor the risk in that way. We’d just rather not do it. Sprouts, we have been comfortable, and, as you saw, the one we put them in is this one we’re doing in Petaluma and they’re not the credit town of the whole deal, so we’re comfortable with that. Jim Sullivan – Cowen and Company: If we think in terms of incremental dollars into new developments, we don’t have sum costs in the land, where would you like your yields to be, and maybe if you could contrast that with, say, where they were at the height of the development cycle the last time around. 
Brian Smith: No, we’re doing significant amounts of renewal leasing. It’s the most I think we’ve ever done. Obviously, there’s negotiations and the one thing I did mention in the prepared remarks is during the worst times, downturn where people had stated options in their lease instead of just renewing them, it seemed like every renewal was open for renegotiation.  Now what we’re seeing a lot more as kind of an increasing trend is that the retailers are willing to just go ahead and sign the stated option and move on because they know, as Hap mentioned, the amount of second generation spaces out there has gotten a lot smaller. 
Brian Smith: It’s really dependent on the market and the shopping center. We’ve got it and we have significant pricing power in markets like the Pacific Northwest, in the San Francisco Bay area, Houston, Austin, and where we don’t have any would be in Las Vegas, Arizona, Inland Empire and Central Valley, California.  All the other ones, it’s improving quite a bit as we’re seeing fewer move outs, more leasing activity, and our occupancy growing and sales improving and margins improving on the retailers, we are getting better pricing power. 
Brian Smith: It’s true, but on one hand, there’s not that much development going on. Where it’s going on is typically more in the urban markets where there’s better sales being generated for the retailers, so that’s allowing them to keep their rents higher than you’d expect. I mentioned the $48 rent in the Bay area. You’re not going to get that in some of the markets that are greener and don’t have -- be able to generate the top line revenue for the retailers.  The other thing that’s happening is construction costs are lower than they were at the peak. The cities are much more willing to work with you on fees because they’re looking for the tax revenue, so you aren’t getting feed out of the game. And then the land costs have come down in most markets, so while rents may have come down a little bit or you have less shop space, you also have a better top side. 
Brian Smith: I can let Lisa and Bruce talk to the lending and the underwriting, but if you look at what we sold in this past quarter, every one of them except for one was sold to private buyers. What they are looking for and what they like, which was eluded to earlier, is the fact that most of these have no debt on them and therefore they can get very strong leveraged IRRs. 
Brian Smith: As I look at the lists of the people who bought these private buyers, it’s not like it’s just one person deciding they’d like to own a shopping center. Up in Washington we sold property to Merlone Geier. They’ve been around forever. They have a large portfolio. They’re private but they’ve got a lot of endowment money behind them. Cole Capital is one of the ones that bought, so they typically are private but they’re pretty well capitalized. 
Brian Smith: If you had to look at one trend in our portfolio, it would be the recent strength in Florida. The unemployment rate has fallen in Florida. I think it’s the second fastest improvement in the country and what we saw in the fourth quarter for the first time was real enthusiasm, real excitement.  Down in Tampa, which has been a tough market, we had 15 new leases all commence on December 15th so there’s a lot of optimism and there’s a level of activity in Florida that we just haven’t seen in a long, long time. 
Brian Smith: There’s some of that. The reality is if you look at the trend in TI’s since 2009 it’s been on a downward trend. This quarter ticked up a little bit, but I think it’s a one quarter kind of deal and it doesn’t signify anything else.  We also were giving TI’s a little bit more often so it’s not -- for example, on the renewals, our per square foot TI amount actually dropped, it’s just that we gave a little bit more often than in the past. There were several retailers or users that are big high TI demand.  We had a lot of medical, whether it’s dentists or hospital urgent care kind of concepts, Petco, which has a big electrical requirement, Office Depot is the same kind of thing, so there was a lot of that. 
Brian Smith: You have the contractual rent increases in the 1% to 1.5%. That’s going to be pretty well set and it’s going to depend on what’s continuing to happen with move outs and leasing, and if the trends continue, it’ll be as Lisa described.  
Brian Smith: Again, that’s been the area of biggest change, which is really what I was trying to address. I don’t think anything’s changed. We’ve had a great year of leasing throughout the year. It’s just been off the charts and that’s been widespread with the exception of just those few markets that we’ve always talked about and they continue to remain weak.  I think some of the other trends with regard to both the anchors and the small shop leasing would be we are starting to see an increased move toward quality as tenants’ leases expire. We had a situation in Portland where Bed, Bath and Beyond moved less than a mile to come into our shopping center. We had Beverages and More move out of Westfield power center in San Diego to be where the daily draw of the grocery-anchored center is in one of our centers.  I would say also up in the northeast, we saw 125 basis point increase in occupancy and that was despite the move outs of Borders, A&P and Blockbuster, which hit that region particularly hard. The other thing, I think, going on with them is that these move outs, as low as they were, a lot of them are done on a strategic basis. It’s either to get them out to make room for redevelopment, it’s to expand another user, so I think those are a lot of interesting positive trends that are going on with small shops throughout the country. 
Brian Smith: We’ll focus on 10% but I do think the capital recycling will be an ongoing part of our strategy for the foreseeable future. 
Brian Smith: Based upon the guidance that we gave on Investor Day, that 10% of the portfolio would be sold in the two- to three-year period rather than -- I think a range of $150 million to $250 million. That would occur over a three-year period. 
Brian Smith: I don’t think there’s some dramatic change. The only thing that we’re seeing is you’ve got some franchise concepts where you’ve got a weak program, you’ve got weak local franchisees and we just tend to avoid those, but I don’t think on any macro level there’s much of a change there. 
Brian Smith: We’re seeing some new concepts. We always see new concepts in the restaurant category – the yogurts, the burgers. You see things like Petco’s Unleashed, which is an expansion of a concept that they already have. We have heard of some other ones. There’s a new one out there called The Joint, which is a chiropractic place.  Again, I think in all the years I’ve been doing retail, there’s always new concepts coming out and I think that’s continuing to go on, but it’s not the new ones that are driving all the growth. 
Lisa Palmer: Mike, I’d just like to add to make sure that everyone is clear, even though we came in slightly favorable for 2011, our guidance for ’12 remains unchanged, because a large part of what was driving the favorable variance were health insurance claims that we do not expect to recur in 2012, so the guidance for 2012 remains $58.5 million to $62.5 million. 
Lisa Palmer: Christy, this is Lisa. I’ll answer that. Yes, as of December 31st all of those development completions are in our percent leased for operating properties, not necessarily same properties. To be considered a same property, the anchor would have had to have been open as of January 1st, 2011. So, not all of those would be considered same property. We can go offline and specifically give you a list of those that will be added to the same property pool. 
Lisa Palmer: It’s got to be a full calendar year, so again, if the anchor was open January 1, 2011 and it was substantially complete, basically, so more than 90% funded, then that would become a same property pool. Some of those that weren’t open then will have to wait until 2013 before they actually hit same property. 
Lisa Palmer: I’ll take the first part of the question. I’ll let Brian answer the drivers of the growth of the low end and the high end. From the trajectory standpoint, clearly it’s going to be on an incline, an upward incline with the first quarter probably being more in the range of 1% to 2%, and then you’d see improvements to that each quarter throughout the year. That would then get us to the 1.5% to 3% rate. 
[Michael Bellarmine] – Citi: Good morning. It’s actually [Michael Bellarmine] with Quentin. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the occupancy and the leased rates the end of the year in the same store pool in [93-8], that obviously was ahead of where you thought you would be in December of 93 to 93.5, so it sounds like the move outs were a lot less, but I think from Bruce’s comments, there was some talk that you head down about 60 bips in the first quarter as you expect those move outs to occur, and I just wonder if you could just put a little bit of color around -- it was, I guess, about 125,000 – 150,000 square feet. What sort of tenants, have they already moved out, or just what the expectations are and why you think they’re eventually now going to leave. 
[Michael Bellarmine] – Citi: Right, which I think Bruce said was 20, and then I guess to get down to 93, 20 from the same store and 60 from move outs, but at the end of the year, you were certainly much higher than you thought you would be in December, and if those people didn’t move out in December, and it sounds like they haven’t moved out yet in January. I’m just trying to figure out what’s going on in terms of how conservative you may be in thinking about the guidance. 
[Michael Bellarmine] – Citi: And then just a question on the acquisition in New York. Hap, I think you mentioned it was with First Washington. Was that the first capital outlay since buying back the portfolio a couple years ago? Because it sounded like Bill had been pretty quiet in putting new capital out, so I was just wondering if there’s been a change of strategy and getting comfortable with the yields today. 
