Hap Stein: Thank you, Brian, thanks Lisa. I am extremely excited about the positive momentum being created from the underlying fundamentals, together with the quality of our portfolio, our value-add developments and redevelopments, the strength of our balance sheet, the talent and engagement of our management team and the industry leading operating systems like Fresh Look and Greengenuity. We thank you for your time and we now welcome your questions.
Hap Stein: Well we’re all set up to do a lot more with them in a sense that on our existing properties we have a right of first refusal for the shopping centers that are up there, so if anything happens there, there is an opportunity for you to take advantage of that. In addition we are looking at various ways to add additional value to what we’ve already done. We have, we know that in one of the centers there is an opportunity to eventually put together some space to create a specialty grocer who has been looking in that market for a long time. We can add -- we’re looking to buy an adjacent property to one of the centers that would allow us to increase the density. And then there is some densification which we can do on the existing centers, including buying a pad, turning into a multi-tenant pad and adding to what we’ve already got. And then to the extent they find that they’re completely unrelated opportunity -- development opportunity we’ve spoken about doing it together but we don’t have anything lined up right now.
Hap Stein: And the thought process is low five as you may have indicated is low five cap rate with significant growth in that -- projected growth in excess of 3.5% and we're financing a significant portion of it by the sale of a CVS that has very-very flat rent and cap rate is going to be -- we think it's going to be sub five.
Hap Stein: Well, let's start with your strategy question. So, we are pretty much through as we have talked about before, the sale of our lower-quality properties. But we still have a base plan of about $120 million, $125 million that we plan to sell this year, and the cap rates there are going to be in the 7% to 7.5% range. Now, we did not do very much first quarter, but that's not unusual at all. If you look at last year at this time, we had zero sales, and we ended that year greater than $300 million. So, we feel very confident that we're going to be within the range that we've set forth in our guidance. The second prong of that strategy is to do the match-funding for acquisitions and there what we're going to do is take the, whatever we're buying, we want to go ahead and do dispositions of lower growth assets Hap alluded to a little bit earlier that would narrow the spread between the acquisition cap rates and the disposition cap rates. So, right now, with the property I mentioned that's under contract as well as Mira Vista, we've got about $45 million worth of match-funding to do and in one of the ones that would be a match-funding asset is that CBS and Washington DC, at sub 5%.
Hap Stein: See in terms of the rents, it's all going to depend on the mix whether it's the anchors or whatever, but if I look at the expiring rents and compare that to what we've signed in this past quarter, it would imply that in the anchors we could see about 40% growth on the stock much more reasonable more like 5%, 6%, 7%. So, just depending on what the mix is of anchors versus shops will depend, will dictate what that growth is, but the trend in rent growth as well as just the trend in the average base rents, both of them continue to be positive and we think that trend will continue.
Hap Stein: I'll let Brian just comment on the trends on TIs. I mean leasing commissions will be completely dependent on how much leasing we do. And I mean you can estimate that based on our percent lease guidance. From a TIs perspective we don't provide specific guidance for it, we obviously of course plan for it internally and we plan for it based on trends we're seeing. I'll let Brian talk to that.
Hap Stein: Joe, if I can just amplify in that, we had discussions within the last couple of days about mix used project, where we'd be -- we'd have to retail to ground floor of multi-family. In that particular case, you're talking urban as you can get, downtown of a major city and the multi-family developer would deliver the completed shell, have taken all the risks on the entitlements. Basically it's an acquisition with you just finishing up the small shops, which aren't that great. In that case, we view this having, it is being very desirable with the lot less risk, in that case we would go to a lower cap rate.
Hap Stein: I guess, Brian indicated, we had good rent growth throughout in every market and small shop and anchor tenants. 
Hap Stein: The issue is though is they typically Trader Joe's and Whole Foods productivity is so high. So we do have a lot of number of H.E.Bs that are doing comparable quality, comparable sales in Publix's and Kroger's. And when that is the case, that shows the strength of the location and as Brian indicated, you'll get the comparable cap rate.
Hap Stein: And I would add that, Jeremy. I think that, what you've probably seen over the past year or so for the assets that are being competitively bid, with Mira Vista being an exception. Assets that are being competitively bid, not only Regency, but many of our publicly traded peers aren't necessarily winning those. For those that don't have some type of value add opportunity. And because the pension funds cost of capital and the other private equity is just a lot more aggressive right now. But for those opportunities, where there is a value ad, I think you're seeing Federal and Equity One and Regency be a more often successful on those. And then it maybe our relationships that come into play, that one might get the edge over the other and to give the example of -- it was a couple of years ago at this point. But Balboa is a San Diego acquisition. And we had a relationship with CBS and we're able to have a conversation prior to going higher on the contract that gave us the comfort that we were going to be able to complete that redevelopment, whereas a private equity buyer was not able to do that. So I do think that there's some of that happening and that we are looking at acquisitions that way as well.
Hap Stein: We appreciate everybody's participation in the call. I apologize for any technical difficulties that occurred, and wish that you have a great rest of the week. Thank you.
Lisa Palmer: Christy that’s not, that’s a question you know that -- and the way we would think about it is, should we’ve got nearly 20 plus analysts that cover us. And I would say consensus cap rate is sub six, so I think that that’s probably a fair way to -- that certainly gets in the ballpark.
Lisa Palmer: If it was in -- with an applied cap rate of sub six, we certainly would be considering it and everybody is going to have different methods of valuing our developments and process and our third-party fees, but the majority of it is going to come from NOI.
Lisa Palmer: First, let me clarify the prepared remarks. I was talking about capitalized development overhead not capitalized interest. And the development overhead, although it also relate to interest being a little bit early with the start of [indiscernible] place in the first quarter. That was what caused us to -- from a timing perspective, capitalized more earlier than originally planned. And in terms of the actual capitalized interests go back to our December guidance presentation; we actually did give guidance on what we expect to capitalize interest to be for the year. And that was 7 million to 8.5 million. And that simply just netted out of our growth interest expense.
Lisa Palmer: I was just going to average for the actual bad debt expense. I mean last year was a pretty healthy year for bad debt expense as well and we would expect that to continue. I think we finished the year in less than 50 basis points and gave guidance that this year should be at least equal or better to that. And when you look at our accounts receivable that are outstanding greater than 90 days we're at 0.5% of revenues, which is the lowest that we've been for as long as I can remember, I mean even going back to 2007 we're 0.7, 0.8, 0.9.
Lisa Palmer: I mean, obviously, as you know they were much lower last year. So, anything we would see increases, but nothing that would materially affect our numbers, not yet anyway. 
Lisa Palmer: It's generally. They would generally fall in the prelease bucket. Part of our disclosure we did actually, we're now disclosing, we call that percent comment. And that's kind of the proxy if you will between what's the difference between those that are rent paying versus not rent paying. And a lot of that prelease will fall in as a result of our ground-up developments as well as our redevelopments.
Brian Smith: It really, it's always been who is we think is the dominant grocer in the market as well as simply do the best leasing of first site shop tenants. So, if you look at what we've got this year, we may do, we're going to do seven or eight new developments, and I think we got five Whole Foods, two Trader Joe's and one Publix. so, there's a heavy spend this year towards Whole Foods and the specialty grocers, and I think that is a growing trend. If you look at our, excuse me, our portfolio since beginning of 2009, and you look at the rent that comes from shopping centers, anchored by specialty grocers it's gone from less than 10% to over 20%. However, there are certainly markets where we would default to a non-specialty grocer or you look at Texas if you could Kroger or HEB. So, it really kind of depends, but at least, right now, we're doing more in the way of specialty grocers. In terms of all the developments, the redevelopments, that we either have under construction right now, or we have signed leases, but not yet under construction or that are in the pretty high probability pursuit category. There is about 29 grocers, and just a breakdown of those would be about nine Whole Foods, six Publix, four Kroger’s and then some other smaller specialty grocers, like Fresh Market, Trader Joe’s and alike.
Brian Smith: Well, we control the property, we have for some time, and the retail has been ready to go. It would be a smaller version of Publix with some side shops, and what we're just waiting for is the residential which was originally planned to be condos and then of course that market tanked in late ’08, and so now we're out vetting different residential developers for multi-family residential. We expect that that would start next year.  
Brian Smith: If you just put that perspective in that market, there was an HEB Steinmart property that traded about six months before or a few months before us in Austin and that was at a six, five IRR and this IRR was a growth, Hap just mentioned is north of seven.
Brian Smith: Well, we just finished a very large one up in the Pacific Northwest in Seattle. We're active in Northern California. We're active in Southern California. We're very active in Texas. We're active in the Carolinas. We're active in Florida and we're active in Chicago. 
Brian Smith: Well, in terms of the environment, Hap said it best we are getting more than our fair share of opportunities. We've got a big pipeline for this year. There is no reason to think that we won't continue to average somewhere in the neighborhood of $200 million a year, developments, redevelopments. I do think the environment meet the competition for land seems to have picked up. We haven't seen a whole lot more of the ground, but you're seeing the return of retailers like Target on more site plans. As we compete for properties, especially if there are mixed used sites, you see a lot of competition for them and that competition is getting more aggressive in terms of willing to close with a very short due diligence period, perhaps to that entitlement without an anchored tenant. But we haven't had to go there. We don't plan to go there, for whatever reason we're finding the opportunities. And in terms of the availability, where we've been looking, the more urban infill areas, that land has always been hard to find. And I think that really is one of the benefits and differentiating aspects of our team is the experience and the amount of time they have spent looking for those kind of assets and the relationships they have developed to get them.
Brian Smith: The only place where we've seeing really significant increases in land prices would be in those markets that are very high and could go for any use and the two that come to mind would be Houston and San Francisco Bay Area, where to be able to do a single storey retail development is tough just given the land price and therefore instead you'll see a lot of multi-families. We're incredibly fortunate to have been able to develop the only two single storey retail properties in the Bay area that I know of with our Petaluma project which completed last year and in the double home we just announced this year. I mean, but those are the markets where land prices are really high because of the residential demand.
Brian Smith: And the other thing that will have an impact on how much we can harvest is whether the anchor tenants, when their lease expires, even though they may be meaningfully below market, where they have additional term or additional options and unfortunately in often case they do have that.
Brian Smith: Yes, if you just kind of look at the page 21 of our supplemental in terms of the committed TIs, they were down significantly and the total TIs were down over 30% and the new TIs really drove it being down 50%. Now, while the TIs remained below historical average or near it, the reason really for that big decrease is because we're giving it less often than we used to. I think we gave it 24% of the time versus 57% of the time this quarter, but what was really lying underneath that is that our redevelopments in Hinsdale in Chicago area, that was one of the Dominick's that left. And they sold that lease to Whole Foods which was great upgrade for us. But in that particular case, Whole Foods wanted to downsize, they didn't want to take the full size of that space. So what they ended up doing is, keeping the rents where it was and they put in all the capitals. They put in the capitals to demise the space, to do new facades to separate utilities from mechanical systems. So we're basically getting a brand new Whole Foods space and we're getting a brand new 12,500 square foot space we can lease and probably rents would be twice as high as what they were and we're not putting a dollar into it. So I think that kind of drag that number down. Renewals, same thing, they're low, they're up a little bit this quarter but that was really due to just one lease and that was a 24 Hour Fitness in Southern California, it was only $10 square foot of TI. But because it such a large building, it really drove it up. If you subtract it out that one lease and you go to your supplemental page of $0.73 a square foot for renewals, that one lease taking out will reduce it to $0.41, so both all TIs are inline.
Brian Smith: Let me stress the philosophy you are asking about, first don't kind of get to the cost of newness. It's really just the philosophy of what we're doing. And that is -- as Hap mentioned, the world is rapidly changing, I read a quote that said, customers live in an ever-increasing sensory-stimulating world that elevates their requirements for uniqueness. And basically the millennial today are just saying, we hear this when we sit down with the retailers and we talk to them that newness is important, they want exciting, they want updated brand. They just don't want the same old, and they are impatient. They want immediate gratification, which includes customer service and just the whole experience they get. They are not anti bricks and mortar, they are comfortable in both the real world, additional world, but if you're going to bring them to your centers, you got to make it as fresh and exciting as you can. So with that in mind, there is three prongs to get to improving that experience. One is the merchandising where we want to attract, really we want to attract the best tenants we can for the center whether that's one of our higher end centers or our bread and butter, expand the trade area with them, and therefore attract other better retailers, attract more traffic, which would grow sales, which would create a virtuous cycle that'll lead to higher NOI. And we've got lots of examples of that; we got in our Westlake development, Le Pain Quotidien, Pitfire Pizza there, Mendocino Farms we talked about. We talked about in the call Bartaco. So part of part of this merchandising, the second part is twice making it. We just want to make it a more inviting experience. You know this was a center you like to go to, you like to kind of just hang out there versus the ones you can't wait you to kind of get in and out because shopping done. And then the third thing we just speak connecting to the community and that can be technology with a social media the like, or it can just having the kind of tenants and having the kind of design that allows for things like sponsoring a 5K race. One of our tenants at Cameron Village is a fitter store, and they work these post work up pub crawlers with all of the restaurants and everything, so that's kind of theory. In terms to the cost the cost really having proving to be an issue yet. If you look at that Bartaco deal that we talked about in Atlanta, the return cost for doing that deal was over 10%, about 10.5%. If you look at Westlake village there is really four of these transformational tenants that we brought and the TIs are $25 to $30 per square foot. But including that $25 to $30 per square foot are money there are going to have to spend to do work that we would normally do. For example, we did not deliver restrooms or lighting. The restaurants want to provide their own restrooms and lighting. So that brings your TIs down to more like the $15 square foot range, which is very, very typical of what we do. I do think with these kinds of attention you can expect that TIs will go up somewhat, but again we're not going to do it unless we think the overall impact is going to be raise NOI for the entire center. And then I would say in terms of cost for each individual center, if it is a redevelopment, it's going to be part of redevelopment cost, where it's no part of redevelopment, I think expense on the centers, some centers might be $100,000 and others it could be as low as $10,000. So it's really going to depend on which profits we are talking about.
Brian Smith: Obviously, if we can -- developing in a urban infill location, the going in return maybe justified at a lower rate than if you're developing what I might call a suburban infill or part of the planned unit development. And that spread could be, you know were supposed to in this more suburban location, like Cinco Ranch, which has been a highly successful, Kroger anchor development in the fastest growing planned unit development in the country, that's going to end up being a 9% initially underwrote it to 8%. We can get into the mid sevens, possibly even a little bit lower on a risk adjusted basis for the right kind of development in the right location, where we do think that we're creating substantial value Jim. So that is, that does from risk, location, market comes into the equation as we look at trying to evaluate, which appropriate as far as developing a shopping center with the returns that we need and the margins we like to have.
Brian Smith: Yeah, absolutely, and it's not just because of this. I mean, we've all known for a long time that certainly Albertsons and Safeway have had their struggles, and I know probably two years ago, we talked to a one of the specialty grocery chains about all of our Albertsons Holdings in Southern California, and at that time they said that they would be definitely interested in taking a couple and probably interested in taking several more. So, we know that interest is there, the specialty grocers are having a tough time finding opportunities and this will be good way to do it. In terms of the potential closures, following along that theme that we have been anticipating it, since 2009, we have 28 -- we disposed of our released 28 Albertsons and Safeway across the country.  So, I think we’ve gotten out ahead of it. And those that we’ve kept are the kind we think we can replace with our better operators as we did with the five Dominick's in Chicago and they ran as you may recall in our redevelopment in Huston where we got a 150% rent growth, with Whole Foods and then Mariano taking with the Roscoe in Chicago. So short-term, we don't expect there's going to be much change. Some of markets, where we have no overlap really to speak of, when you think about Washington DC and the Northern California and Texas and where we do have stores in those markets, we've got replacements already calling us. We are very interested in going. If Southern California was really your question and set Northwest for this overlap, we went through them space by space and we feel really good about our real estate, particularly, I think, Safeway. We think there may be a handful of the stores where because of overlap they could close. We certainly don't know, but it is just a handful and of the ones we think there is some potential risk, which really key is, you have a right to recapture the space and looking at both the Safeway and the Albertsons similar situations, there is only one lease where we don't have the right to recapture. So we think bad news will turn into good news.
Brian Smith: Well, it's not so much the geographical differences as it is big leases drive. So if you look at our rent growth, it was good and that was despite the fact we had two anchored tenants that were new -- one was the new, one was the renewal lease at zero rent growth. So and we have one that was renewal to almost 30% down. So, despite those three drags, it was still good rent growth. On the other hand, we did have a large tenant in Washington DC as part of redevelopment, there was an old-old lease for carrying down or expanding it and there is about 240% rent growth from that one and we had another one in the Pacific Northwest. So, we had two leases that really drove it to the positive and then we had two that held it flat and one that drove it down. And that's really summarizing it.
Brian Smith: Yes, I mean it really was broad-based, all markets had rent growth, I think ten of them had double-digit rent growth and then the shops rent growth was almost double-digits too it was 9.8%.
Brian Smith: Bankruptcies have been partly anything, this quarter we had the Quiznos and the Dots and Ashley Stewart, Ashley Stewart really had one of them and that is one of our premier properties in Northern California. We've already got two tenants to take that space, the Dots is only six locations and Quiznos we've known for some time, and have been working to release those. And in both cases the Dots and the Quiznos, the vast majority, vast majority of those are A properties and we've already released the lowest quality of each one of those. So, we just don't see any issue there at all. 
Brian Smith: Well, the move-outs as I said in the prepared remarks are remarkably note that the best first quarter we've ever had for shop move-outs following fourth quarter being the best quarter ever of all quarters and 2013 being the lowest of any year. So, we're feeling really good about that and that's despite some pretty aggressive proactive move-outs that we've been, we've got. If you think about some of the aggressive things we're doing, one of them is we're not renewing a lot of tenants. I mean if you think about some of the ones we did this year, this last quarter, we've got that for Taco deal that was previously leased by a national tenant, who wanted to renew, but we had built into their lease, and clause require them to renovate their space, when they didn't do it, we refuse to renew them.  We had another situation, we've got Loehmann's Plaza up in Atlanta, where we're doing a complete renovation, we are replacing Loehmann's with a specialty grocer. We're replacing OfficeMax with a really neat tenant, it's not signed yet, so I won't mention who it is. So, with that in mind, we had a tenant that want to renew and we said no. We know we can do better. They actually hired an attorney, try to find a landlord default to force us to, to keep them and they couldn't do it. So we got rid of that. So, we've got lots of these examples of being very aggressive in terms of our asset management and not allowing tenants to renew or terminating them when we see the AR start to increase.
Brian Smith: I don't think it's necessarily whether it's specialty or not, it's how good the grocer is. I mean, if you got a Kroger on a lease, you got Publix, you got a H.E.B, you're going to have good cap rate. But I will say that, for example, our Shops on Main outside of Chicago, in fact we're adding a Whole Foods to that center, I think it's going to change the cap rate probably 50 basis points across the whole center. So, the specialty grocers particularly the Whole Foods, just have so much cache, there is a lot for your properties but really high a quality traditional grocery well as well.
Brian Smith: Well the redevelopment we separate from the decision to buy some of these acquisitions we're doing. The acquisitions what we're looking for would be best infill markets with the dominant grocers, high barriers to entry, excellent demographics that provide superior growth. If you've looked at the Fairfield portfolio or Mira Vista, there's good growth in there, and they check all the boxes on everything else I just mentioned. The redevelopments are generally within our operating portfolio and there we, there is a couple things going on, we can take a center that where we may tear down the whole center and go ahead, or part of it, and rebuild and expand the anchors like we did in Village centers in Tampa where we built a brand new expanded Walgreens and brand new expanded Publix. Or it could just a renovation of the entire center where you may replace the grocer as we're going to do with whole foods, replacing a Dominick's or Mariana's replacing a Dominick's. Or they could just be Phase IIs or expansions of GOA, or previously developed properties. So one way or another, we are adding values to a center that's already there versus the acquisitions where we're buying the value based on growth.
Brian Smith: But in acquisition that doesn't have a redevelopment opportunity. We are not doing unless the growth is substantial, 3% plus and unless we're confident that we can do a trade and a roughly comparable cap rate and the asset that we're selling as meaningfully flatter growth profile. So that is -- in our view is a good trade. The IRR on what we're buying because of the growth is going to be higher than the IRR in what we're selling.
Brian Smith: Yes. I mean, I'd say again that the average cap rate out there is, for A quality properties in the good markets with growth and all is low to mid 5s, but I think your -- I've seen another transcripts, there's the property that we looked at and actually try to buy long ago, 10 years ago in Reston, Virginia, that thing set a new low in terms of cap rates. My understanding is, it's somewhere in the low-fours with IRR about six. So the -- but the end pricing has been tight and it's because we all know there's very, very, very little product that comes to market, and there's huge demand. The C market, there's always been an interest in that, because there's a lot of people, who believe the dream that they can create the value to turn that thing around. It's the B pricing, I think, where we've seen the most tightening, and I think that's mostly spill-over for the lack of products available for the As. So I think the cap rates are tightening for the B property, although, that's being offset little bit by the fact that there's quite a bit of product available there. So that's sort of holding in the check.
Brian Smith: Sure. I'll take it. I mean, we did not change our guidance. And as we mentioned earlier on the call, our seasonal move-outs were the lowest that they've been in quite some time. So we are still very comfortable with our guidance, and would expect that we should end the year towards the higher end of the range. 
Brian Smith: We're always looking at everything, but I would say right now the pipeline is fairly thin as I mentioned about it. About a $100 million we've identified is having a reasonable chance of seeing them happen. And again that's going to depend on our ability not only to negotiate a favorable deal for us, but also to be able to match funded. There is plenty of other things we're looking at, but most of them just don't meet our criteria for growth. 
Brian Smith: We balance what we want to -- when we think about selling, with where the stock pricing might be trading and with the investment opportunity might be, and we look at all those considerations, all I can say is that to date, first part of the year we haven't -- we were basically relying to date totally on our asset sales. We just -- last year we did a mix.  
Brian Smith: I think we’ve felt that for a while. There is clearly a sense of urgency. I think -- whatever thing I am hearing, I was on the phone speaking with Michael Niemira, the Chief Economist for ICSC and he was talking about factors. The reason I called him, there is so many studies out there on move outs and store closings and everything, what was his take on it. And his view is that, while the store closings have hedged up that the new demand from the retailers up in more stores is outpacing it and the debt trend is widening. So there is just a real difficulty in the retailers getting quality stores in the kind of locations they want. I think you've seen in our development pre-leasing. So there is a sense of urgency, because they're just not finding the stores.
