Hap Stein: First of all, its really coming down to supply/demand right. So if you look at our centers, we're already 95% leased. We have about 400 basis points better rent growth in those that are less than 95% leased. And for the same reasons if you're seeing renewals, we've got positive rent growth. So how do we get the rest of it up there? I think a combination of the improving tenant health we talked about should lead to lower move-outs. We are getting rid of the worst properties in the portfolio, which should help us there. The continued the move-out lease up. I think all of those things and the lack of supply coming on to the market should benefit us. And you'll start seeing better rent growth.
Hap Stein: It is primarily this increased act that Bruce mentioned in the amount of pre-leased that jumped up from a 150 basis points to 225 basis points, and Brian kind of amplified on it, the time it's taking to get from in effect LOI to lease to rent paying. And some of that has to do with the large amount of volume of leasing that we're doing. Some of that has to do, which is the time it's taking to get approvals and some under staffing on the tenant side.
Hap Stein: Just space-to-space, but it is a pretty good proxy as Brian indicated for directionally what's happened.
Hap Stein: I think that portfolio that was sold was from what I understand may have been cherry picked and in pretty consistent quality, as far as strong anchor tenant, long-terms left on leases happen to be in secondary markets. But what we're selling is stuff typically from the bottom part of our portfolio or as not strategic. We would look and we'll look at, it doesn't make sense to sell a portfolio, as you said the quick in the pace, but more to come on in that regard.
Hap Stein: Let me just say, there is a focus on leasing all of our vacant space. That's where we can really, so to speak, move the needle, and whether those spaces are operating properties or properties that we developed within the last few years. So I will just assure you that there is a tremendous amount of focus in that regard.
Hap Stein: That is one of the things that is talking a lot of time to convert from the leasing pipeline and design leases is national tenants and local tenants were pushing and we are pushing back.
Bruce Johnson: We'll give you that guidance, but I'd say it's going to be in the flat range for overall rent growth between renewals and new leases. More to come in December.
Bruce Johnson: And we really are encouraged by the momentum. And especially, given the fact that some of the assets that we're trying to sell is easier said and done, but we really are selling those assets that we really want to sell. Not from so to speak the middle of our portfolio, but in effect from the lower part of the portfolio. And we're encouraged by the progress we are making. So knock-on we're hopeful that it continues.
Bruce Johnson: Yes, I mean it's taking more time. And we did not have the up tick in 225 basis points in pre-leased until this quarter.
Bruce Johnson: Well, the worse thing about in-sale is that it implies a lack of new supply coming on the market. If ever there's a market that checks that box would be Davis. I mean I personally in California tried for a good 15 years to develop something in Davis and you just can't do it. Any new development in the Davis literally has to go before the voters and the referendum to get approval. So that's why you see no new supply in that market. That's why you've also seen vacancy rates of about 1% even through the recession, so high constraints and low vacancies is what was attracted to us. Then you've got this property that has the highest volume, Safeway, in the market and for safely dominance in Northern California. And then there is potential growth, it's like I always like to say, I'd like to buy the centers where any bad news translates into good news. In this case there's two other anchors that are the weak players within their segment, you've got Rite Aid and OfficeMax. Rite Aid is the only entitled drug store in that market that has a drive-throughs and they're below markets. So if they were to leave, but we have interest from the other two players, and they would pay us a lot more rent. The same thing with OfficeMax is the only office supply store in that market. And you've got the University of California sitting on your doorstep. So we really like that property. It's one where you just don't see a way you can go wrong on it.
Bruce Johnson: Well I mean that is our guidance. So however, you want to look at that. I mean right now the number is pretty much where we are right now is where kind of we expect to end up at the end of the day.
Bruce Johnson: And in closing a development that we're getting real close to which impacts our capitalization rent for that project.
Bruce Johnson: Our goal is to be a net zero investor from an acquisition standpoint. Some of this is just a matter of timing. And there is good chance, like I've indicated earlier, that we may be a net seller. And if that is the case, then the term loan fits very, very well, because if we can match our acquisitions with dispositions and affect trade-up and quality, that's obviously our objective. But to the extent that we're unable to find acquisitions that meet our standards, then we're in a position to in effect pay down the term loan or to finance our development program.
Bruce Johnson: It's been about 150 basis points for the last five, six quarters. This 75 base point jump again pretty much reflects the increase in occupancy.
Bruce Johnson: I don't know. Right now from the time a lease is signed until a tenant opens could be as short as three months, could be as long as nine months. So it's going to depend on the new volume. If we continue to keep leasing at the pace we've been doing, it's going to stay high to the extent we start filling up all these vacancies and we can get through the permitting process. That's when it's going to come down quicker.
Bruce Johnson: There is really nobody that's not actively seeking space. But I tell you that the highest demand is coming from all types of restaurants, the burgers, the coffee stores, the yogurt stores. We're all seeing good demand from pet stores, lots of services. And I'd say the average rents for the last quarter for the small shops is a little bit north of $25 a square foot. That's down the peak that was about $29 on average, and it got down as low as a little bit about $21. So we're kind of halfway between the peak and the trough right now in terms of last quarter.
Bruce Johnson: No, it's not. It's very similar. In terms of the use, there is very little difference. But in terms of the caliber of the operator, the credit and everything, it's a much better mix.
Bruce Johnson: There appears to be no further questions. We appreciate your interest and time, involvement, anticipation. Everybody, have a great day and a great weekend. Thank you.
Brian Smith: There has been a change Quentin, when the CMBS market softened we saw right after that a softening in the pricing for some of the BNC quality centers. But I'd say overall is that the A centers the demand continues to exceed the supply, so the pricing has gotten extremely aggressive. I'd say that the typical A now is five and three quarters and you're going to see well below that in California at the low fives and there's a couple of comps below five, actually 4.6 to 4.75. After that you got the Bs and Cs and what's happening there is, if you have a B market with an A tenant roster or you have a B market who doesn't have upside, there is not as much demand for that. Interestingly there is more demand for the C properties, where there is upside. And I think what we're selling would be a combinations of those. We got some 100% leased assets that we would consider Bs that were moving out the door, and then we've got the Cs that have upside are being priced on the current occupancy. So it hasn't really impacted the pricing as seen so far. And where we are, you mentioned about $150 million worth of properties get ready to go to market. The vast majority of those are actually on the market and we've already gotten about $40 million to $50 million worth of offer, so a good momentum on that.
Brian Smith: We've don't have any big box going into 2012. I don't know if it's broken down by rent growth. But if you look at the average leases, the average rent signed in the third quarter compared to the second quarter our anchors were up 12%. Does that answer Christy.
Brian Smith: It was the same thing, the exact same numbers. So the average rent again was up 12% for both the small shops and for the anchors. And that represents two quarters in a row that they've been up. So that's different in the rent growth, because we certainly have some tenants that if they have a different space, let's say, we subdivided a space, whatever the rent growth is associated with those two spaces would be, are not counted in our rent growth, so a little bit different numbers. But using average rent signs for proxy that was going on in the market, it's been up two quarters in a row, 12% in the most recent quarter.
Brian Smith: See only thing we have Christy is that we breakout the rent growth above 6,500 square feet and less than 6,500 square feet. And for less than 6,500 square feet in the third quarter, we were negative almost 6%. And for those over 6,500 square feet, we're actually positive about 5%.
Brian Smith: Bottom-tier as percentage of total portfolios is in the 5% range. And I think it's a realistic objective that we can sell those within the next three years. We're not ready to sell right now. And we are being able to achieve that in our strategy. And we may accelerate that kind of more on at Investor Day. And yes it is our intent to obviously to match those sales and effectively trade those proceeds, and the shopping centers that have the attributes that we just talked about that we found in our portfolios that are continuing to generate the highest level of NOI growth, strong anchor sales and strong demographics with good purchasing power. Now as Bruce mentioned, to the extent that we sell more properties than we're able to buy, we do have the flexibility with our term loan to pay down the term loan with excess proceeds.
Brian Smith: I'll start with the first one, Jeff. I'd say that the B market is again depending on whether there is any upside or not. It could be 8% to 9.5%. So obvious if you got more growth and you're talking 8% is not then you're going to go higher than that. In terms of the portfolio, what I can tell you, I think you've seen two things going on out there. Where people try to sell portfolios that included properties kind of from all over, they have been pretty unsuccessful. There was one out in California, one of our peers had one. People basically want to cherry pick those. So they want to take the good properties and not take the bad one. So those have not been successful. I think what is a successful strategy is if you package a portfolio to exit a market. And within that portfolio, you have some higher quality ones and some lower quality ones.
Brian Smith: I'm not sure what you are talking about exactly. Where you will see some kind of movement typically would be in the completion yield, because that's just a date and time. And what we will do is we'll make changes to underlying assumptions. For example, in any give quarter, it often happens that we may delay the sales and push it back to the quarter after the completion date. So that still keeps our stabilized yield where it was. That should not move very much. But the completion date will yield change, just because you had some movement of space as to when it either leases or in the case of the pad sale as that transaction takes places.
Brian Smith: The retention rate was 78%, which is exactly same rate it was last quarter when we had some higher renewals as well. The long-term rate was 68% last quarter. In fact, during last quarter, it takes up to about 69%, 69.5%. In terms of renewals, when they're taking place, if you will, the way most of our leases are structured particularly with the national tenants is they actually give us anywhere from six months to 12 months notice. So if you actually measure when the renewals take place versus when the leases expire, you'll find that for this quarter about 90% of the leases were set to expire either in the current quarter or the next three. So within the next 12 months, that's when 90% of our renewals are taking place.
Brian Smith: A&P, we had three A&Ps. One was already dark. And then when they went bankrupt, they rejected one and they sold the other, and we have released both of those.
Brian Smith: It depends on the center, depends on the market and even then depends on the negotiation. I think we may have talked about in the past there is a good example down in (Damper) where we've got a weak market, but we've got some real experienced people, we've got some good assets.  And in that one particular center, we had two national tenants come to us with our offer in hand from a competitive landlord and with full build-out and lower rents. And we knew they are doing quite well in our center. And we know also that it's really operations that makes that decision, not real estate. And for them to give up a very successful store, there is a lot more risk in that than there is in trying to build up a new one. So in that case, we said no, and we actually released both of them and at some rent growth.
