Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Mac, and good morning, everyone. We had another impressive quarter of same property NOI growth that was primarily driven by base rents. As Jim said, base rent growth contributed 3.5% for the quarter, and 3.7% year-to-date, a reflection of the strength of the portfolio, with healthy embedded rent steps as well as the result of accretive asset management in redevelopments. This strong performance during the first half of the year, combined with less tenant fallout than we originally projected, allowed us to raise our expectations around same property NOI growth. We have removed the potential for finishing in the bottom half of our previous range, and now expect to finish the year at 2.75% to 3.25%. As we’ve communicated previously, we will experience a deceleration in the back half of the year, with some property growth in the low 2% range for both the third and fourth quarters. Timing and the lumpiness of certain NOI line items are the primary factors, as our guidance range does include very healthy base rent growth of 3%-plus through the remainder of the year. I think it would be helpful to take a minute and walk you through the primary drivers of this deceleration. First, we expect recovery rates to normalize through the back half of the year, and end the year in line with 2017 levels. Second, as Jim mentioned, while we are making great progress on the toys boxes that we acquired out of bankruptcy, we will experience downtime in the third and fourth quarters. Third, we’re going up against tough comps as we completed the major redevelopment of Serramonte, in the fourth quarter of last year. And finally, the timing of other income was front end loaded this year versus last. As we look through these timing impacts, the growth in the second half of 2018, I’d like to reiterate that base rent growth is on track to remain above 3%, in both the third and fourth quarters. Turning to earnings, we have modestly increased our Nareit FFO and operating FFO guidance ranges, incorporating the better performance through the second quarter, driven by same property NOI growth. And as a reminder, operating FFO eliminates non-comparable onetime items as well as certain non-cash accounting items, like straight line rent and above-below market rent amortization. And I also think it’s important to remind you, that these non-cash items are expected to total $54 million this year, which at the midpoint – it’s $54 million at the midpoint, which is $0.32 per share. Before turning the call over for questions, I would like to quickly touch on the new lease accounting rule that will go into effect in 2019. Many of you are aware that this accounting change will impact that way REITs will recognize certain internal leasing costs. Some of these costs have been capitalized with leasing activity, but after adopting the new standard next year, these internal costs will need to be expensed. We anticipate the impact to be in the range of $0.06 to $0.07 per share, on 2019 earnings. And while this will impact reported earnings, it does not impact AFFO, or cash flow, and we do not have any intention of allowing this accounting change, which doesn’t have a true economic impact on the business, to influence our structure or compensation strategies. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we now welcome your questions.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. And I will go right back to my prepared remarks and reference those. But first, I want to start with, because this is also in my prepared remarks, that we are seeing really solid base rent growth, which is the primary driver of our same property NOI growth. And that, for the year, is at 3.7%, year-to-date. We will see that come down slightly as a result of, again, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned the tougher comps on the completed redevelopments in the latter half of last year, but still north of 3% for the second – for both – in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter we’re going to see more of a slow down because we have the major redevelopment at Serramonte coming online with rent commenced by then. So we feel really good about the fact that we’re going to have a full year with base rent growth north of 3%. The other items there are some timing issues involved with those, and a big one is recovery income. So the timing for cam recovery is really related more to last year. So this year was much more typical. Last year we had a major merger that we were integrating, and the reconciliation timing was a little bit unusual for the year. So we’re seeing a little bit of a drag in the third quarter for that reason. And then in the fourth quarter of this year, we will see a drag from real estate tax recoveries, if you will, and assessments and the recovery for the income for that. As we expected, when we merged with Equity One, we knew that our properties, and specifically, in certain states, like California, would be reassessed. And those are coming in. And they also go back to the date of the merger, so it’s a little bit of a double hit. So in the fourth quarter, we’re going to have a significant impact on same property NOI as a result of that. We recover a lot of it, but we can’t recover all of it. And then, we have other income – was more front end loaded in 2018 versus 2017, and they’re really the main drivers.
Lisa Palmer: We do have a pretty good handle. And trust me, Chris, I ask that question pretty frequently. On what – really, the main drivers are the anchor rent commencements that are expected to happen in the back half of the year. And we feel really confident and good in our projections to when those will happen.
Mac Chandler: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy. On the first half, I think the one change we have noticed is it does appear, within our personal assets we’re selling and in the marketplace that once buyers and sellers are agreeing a price, that transactions are closing. There’s certainly a higher degree and a higher level of certainty that, that is improved, really in the last 60, 90 days. So it seems like assets are clearing, and we’ve found that to be the case. Your question on what’s remained to be sold, we feel confident that we’ll meet our objectives for the year, $275 million. We’ve got about $60 million in contracts that we’re negotiating. And for the remainder of that, some properties are on the market and some we’re preparing to take to market. But we feel, overall, on that blended number is still in line with that plus-or-minus 7.5%. So what’s to be sold, it’s a mix some smaller properties and some bigger properties. But in general, it meets that same strategy of typically non-strategic assets, often those have lower growth profiles, but they’re good assets, and we found a lot of activity there. And probably, more buyers who are putting forth credible offers than we’ve seen recently. So we’re confident in seeing that.
Mac Chandler: No. I think there’s a premium placed on location as opposed to prototype. And it appears that grocers are being slightly more flexible than before, in terms of size, sort of plus-or-minus 5,000 to 10,000 feet. But they really value that location that leads to customers. And there are many opportunities that they’re looking at, and we like what we see.
Mac Chandler: Sure. I’d be happy to. For the particular asset, this was pretty unusual. So what we did is we actually gave this buyer some time to actually find a replacement tenant and they did. And it allowed us to maximize our price, allowed them to pay more for it, and they were actually able to get a tenant, get a real estate committee approval and get a lease in hand. And we thought that was a win-win in both sides. So they backfilled it with the Burlington. And in every case, it is different – different, case-by-case, as to how acquirers are backfilling boxes, but we thought that was a smart strategy, so it worked out well for us. But that that’s how that happened there.
Mac Chandler: I would say that the current projects that we have and the imminent projects, we have priced in the construction increases that we are all seeing out there. And this isn’t a new phenomena, this has been going on for last couple of years. As you get further out, two, three years, it is harder to project construction costs. But most industry think that the last two years are abnormally high and construction costs are going to start to moderate at some point, and go back to traditional levels of inflation. But I wouldn’t say that is a reason for our yields, it’s a summation of incoming costs, it’s everything. And I think we’ve done a good job of managing that. You can tell by our in-process projects outlay, that are coming in as underwritten. And I think we do a lot of work and accurately forecast what our costs are.
Mac Chandler: 20%, we’ve been kind of in the high 15% to 20% for a long time. And that feels like – that feels like that right space to be. I think it is a bit self-governing between anchor requirements and parking – reality and the ability to park to the customer. So we think that’s kind of the sweet spot, and we like the place we are right there.
Mac Chandler: And that – from a narrative standpoint and from an anecdotal what’s really happening with the underlying fundamentals, this does not reflect that we’re seeing a moderation fundamentals between the first half of the year and the second half of the year. It’s just the items that Lisa articulated.
Mac Chandler: Yes, that’s exactly right. We, as part of our day-to-day business, we’re constantly evaluating our portfolio for densification opportunities. And in many cases, we’ve seen actually, really just prescribe to us, additional entitlements, even [indiscernible] and they’re doing that to encourage housing, and as part of their general planned update. You can’t access them all right away. Oftentimes, it takes the expiration of an anchor lease. And so we note that when that happens, and we start to plan ahead of that. So we’ve done that with quite a few people, but they’ll – there will be a sort of our methodological approach to it which will happen over time. But we definitely think there are some opportunities. And our teams are keenly focused on that.
Mac Chandler: In one case, it was actually a reduction in costs. We were able to get back some contingency that was then spent. And the other piece, slightly better rents, so. It isn’t as parts in there, those were specific, and we were glad to see those results.
Hap Stein: And we want to make sure that we have adequate space to provide experience, which I think is a – they feel is a key differentiating factor.
Hap Stein: And our net effective rents are mid-double digits like 15-plus percent. And I’d also say, and I don’t want to come across as being defensive here, but it is interesting to note, that over the last five years, Regency’s rent growth appears to be middle of sector. However, last five years, our NOI growth is at the top of the sector. And things like embedded rent growth that is getting us there, and less exposure to some of the bankruptcies and tenant failures, so you got to add it, altogether. And it is hard comparing comparability both internally, year-to-year, on what space may come up, what we consider for rent growth and what others in the sector may. So we feel really good, as Jim said it, about our increase in net effective rents. As Lisa indicated, the base rent should increase by over 3% in the second half of the year, we’re on track to do that, and continuing to achieve 3% NOI growth, for this foreseeable future.
Hap Stein: And it is indicative though, that the buyers today are more discerning, they are more risk-averse, but I think this is also indicative that even though we’re selling based upon non-strategic, lower growth profile, these are still pretty decent assets that we’re targeting for sale. And they’re not out of the middle or the top part of our portfolio.
Hap Stein: I think that Mac articulated three major redevelopments that are underway. And you can kind of summary review those again, we’re – very, very exciting redevelopments. And I think three of them involve some sort densification, or they’re in infill – dense infill locations. Plus, a couple of more that were backed behind those.
Hap Stein: And as we stated in the past, we have hired a Senior Vice President of Mixed-use that works directly with Mac, who has extensive experience in the multifamily sector. And I will say that we’ve got great properties, some with great potential. But these , especially, vertical mixed-use projects are complicated, they’re challenging, they’re easier to talk about that to make happen, they take years to create and bring fruition. We try to rightsize and have a very practical approach. We’re making very good progress on a number of these, but to underestimate what’s involved, and making them successful – anybody doing that, it would be mistake, because there’s not a [indiscernible]
Hap Stein: That is an example, where we were able to take money from contingencies, where we are planning for these significant increases that are occurring in the construction costs.
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time. Have a good weekend. And if you get to spend some time with your families over the rest of the summer, good luck and enjoy. Thank you so much for your time and interest in Regency.
Jim Thompson: Jeremy, I think as far as the capital spend goes, I think it’s mostly timing issue. And I think if you look at the year-end annualized basis, we’re going to be in the 10% to 11% of total NOI on total CapEx spend, which is where we’ve been. I think as to growth, we did have a – we had a smaller pool of anchor opportunity. We think, in the second half, we will have more opportunity to recapture some of those legacy anchor deals and bring them to market. One example of that is we just executed a lease with Publix, down in Tampa, to backfill a Wal-Mart store. And that we took that rent from $4 to $16 per square foot deal. So again, I think, at the end of the day we think we will be on the spread side in the high single-digit, which is consistent with our strategic plan.
Jim Thompson: Hap said that so well. I hate adding something – a little bit more on detail and granular. But I don’t – but, Jeremy, if you’re referring to Page 19 disclosure, in our sup, where we have our TIs, I just want to remind you, we have the new disclosure last quarter. And we did disclose it, we told you it was an abnormally low level. So I believe, for new leases, our total spend is in the $16 foot range. And I just wanted to even remind you then that, that would not be – that was abnormal. And that wouldn’t be the case going forward, and it we’d be more in the $30 to $40 per square foot range, which is where we were this quarter.
Jim Thompson: I mean, if I may, no pressure on Mac or the rest of the team, but we report to our board, quarterly, on the performance of our developments, and have been for the entire time that I’ve been here. And we’ve developed, probably, $2 billion-plus worth of properties. And our actual returns on that $2 billion are pretty darn close to our underwritten return, which is pretty exceptional. So we have – a lot of the assessment to the team and how we underwrite and manage, and actually, execute on the build of those projects.
