Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Holly. Good morning, everyone. On the call this morning are Hap Stein, Chairman and CEO; Brian Smith, President and Chief Operating Officer; Bruce Johnson, Chief Financial Officer; and Chris Leavitt, Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Before we start, I'd like to address forward-looking statements that may be discussed on the call. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual future performance, outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the documents filed by Regency Centers Corporation with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in these forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Lisa Palmer: I'll let Brian answer from a bigger picture. But Quentin, we also do give some guidance in the supplemental on the guidance page, Page 37, where we show NOI from leases signed but aren't yet rent-paying. And for that quarter, that number was $1.7 million, and that's what the quarter number.
Lisa Palmer: I think, Christy, I would just add, if you really roughly do the math, if you assume somewhere around $24 of revenue is coming from the small shop tenants on 100 basis points of occupancy in our small shops, that gets you to almost $7 million. So 100-basis-point increase in occupancy in small shops should translate to close to 2% same-property NOI growth on an annual basis.
Lisa Palmer: And for those of you that maybe dialing a little late because that was pretty early in the call, the increase in the provision for doubtful accounts is really related to our recovery reconciliations that we completed in the second quarter of this year. In past years, we typically had that done in the first quarter. So on a year-to-date basis, you'll see that our bad debt expense is actually less than it was in 2010. Yet our revenues are pretty significantly higher. So on a run rate basis from '11 to '10, we've actually improved that.
Lisa Palmer: And the issuance cost we're doing on new deals basically makes up the difference between what we can issue today and redeeming. So there's not a whole lot of savings to replace the existing preferred with new preferred.
Martin Stein: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, Bruce. As I reflect on this quarter's results, I want to share 2 sentiments with you.  First, well, for the most part and in most areas, we are where we said we would be at this time. Regency's team feels we have a long way to go before we're satisfied. At the same time, you need to know that we are encouraged by the underlying trends, which should lead to real progress in each key aspect of our business: growing occupancy and NOI, enhancing the quality of future NOI through capital recycling, manufacturing quality centers at attractive returns for development and continuing to strengthen the balance sheet.  Let me describe what real gratifying progress by the end of the year would look like for my colleagues and me. First and foremost, the tenant demand, coupled with the intense focus of the leasing team and high quality of portfolio, helped us convert more than 50% of the 1.5 million square-foot leasing pipeline that Brian described into signed leases. So the operating and development portfolios finished the year at 93% and 88% leased, respectively. And NOI growth for the total portfolio, that is operating plus developments on a comparable property basis, net of termination fees, reached 2%.  Second, that we recycled over $150 million of capital out of lower quality assets with potential erosion in value into irreplaceable infill shopping centers, along the lines of those 2 described by Brian, with market-leading anchors that will generate reliable future NOI growth.  Third, and our reenergized development program started $75 million to $90 million of new developments and redevelopments that will enhance the overall quality of Regency's portfolio while achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns. And fourth, that the team further strengthened Regency's balance sheet and access to multiple sources of capital by renewing the $600 million bank line of credit for 4 years, maintaining substantial unused capacity on that line, closing on over $400 million of mortgages in the co-investment partnerships and meaningfully expanding several of those co-investment partnerships.  While a lot of it still needs to be chopped, and there's no way to overlook the headwinds from an extremely sluggish and fragile recovery, I am confident of our dedicated team's ability to achieve these objectives. I am also hopeful that the deficit reduction agreement will remove some of the uncertainty in our economy and set the stage for the government to start addressing some of our country's long-term issues.  As long as there is some level of growth, even if it's anemic and uneven, I feel that the steps we're taking at Regency will begin to bear fruit by year end, produce results that will represent a meaningful advancement toward the standard that we set for the company and most important of all, better position Regency for the future, especially for achieving 95% occupancy and 3% NOI growth.  We recognize that Regency's vision of building a great company is an ongoing journey. We welcome the challenge and look forward to seeing the results of our efforts in the coming quarters.  Before I end my comments, I want to note how pleased and excited I am that David O'Connor has joined Regency's Board of Directors. I have long admired Dave as one of the most astute minds in the REIT industry, and for those that know him, he's also a wonderful individual. Regency is very, very fortunate to have the benefit of his perspective and insights.  We thank you for your presentation and welcome any questions you may have.
Martin Stein: I'd say the overall economy is the -- if you have a backlog in the economy, which eventually translated into a slowdown in tenant demand, that would obviously have an impact. And in the timing of -- I'm looking at Brian right now. But the real thing is we've got a 1.5 million square-foot pipeline that's real. But as Brian mentioned, it's taking longer to convert leasing activity into LOIs, and LOIs into executed leases and executed leases into rent paying tenants.
Martin Stein: Well, like I just said, I think that from an operating portfolio standpoint, if we could be -- and I think it's achievable, but as we talked about, there's risk on timing of converting leasing activity into signed leases. But if we could be at 93% leased by the end of the year, I think that would be a step on the right direction towards getting to 95%. And that's probably going to take another couple of years beyond that to get to 95% leased. I think that if we can be, we will have taken our developments from 82% today. We don't like being -- excuse, the beginning of the year. We don't like being 86% today, but 88% by the end of the year is doable, and that's a progress from the way to 95%. The development pipeline is pretty strong. We've got -- the teams got a lot of work to do to get us to the upper end of the guidance. Things can get pushed out, et cetera, but there's some real attractive properties there, and that's -- we think we can get there, and then also executing on the capital recycling side. And I think progress is being made. So I think that when you look at the environment in which we're operating today, with the slow economy, et cetera, and the amount of time it's taking to make transactions happen, things take longer than they have in the past. But we do feel, and we are encouraged by the progress, it's just not getting there as soon as you like to think. I don't have any other way to say it. I don't know, Brian, if you...
Martin Stein: And then on top of that is we've said we're generating about 1% to 1-plus percent in contractual rent increases on top of that. So 3% NOI growth in the not-too-distant future for us is achievable.
Martin Stein: We haven't seen any impact yet. I mean, yes, there's a -- I think retailers are pretty cautious for the most part even those that are expanding, but we just have not seen it. The leasing activity is still extremely robust, which at the same time, we all read the paper. So that's the reason why we're overlaying a good dose of caution on top of the encouraging signs that we're seeing.
Martin Stein: We look at all financing options and uses of capital, and that's one of them. I do want to point out that while 7.4% preferred, which are our highest rate preferreds, is above where we could issue preferred today, it seems high, preferred stock is preferred and there is no maturity on it. And there was not too long ago when ten year interest rates on corporate bonds were well above that. So it's something that we look and we'll consider.
Martin Stein: I think the trend is going the other way. The banks seem to be loosening their credit to -- they want to make small business loans.
Martin Stein: And I think it's also -- just to pick up on the point that Brian made, I think at least half of our small shop leasing is national tenants. I mean, JPMorgan, Starbucks, Panera Bread, these are well-capitalized companies. But I think the lending environment for local tenants has gotten better.
Brian Smith: Yes. Craig, I think that's the biggest issue. We've got so much momentum when it comes to the leasing. We are signing so much, but it's just -- we're just not seeing that improvement right now simply because, as mentioned on the call, the leases are taking longer to get signed. The retailers don't have the staffing, then the negotiations seem to go on and on. A lot of that's due to us. We're taking a harder line on some of the provisions that could hurt you down the road. And then the real tough part is once you turn it over, for example, in Atlanta, once a tenant applies for permits, it's good 3 to 4 weeks before they'll even touch the plan. So it's just taking a long time to get those plans reviewed, and then you've got to build out and the subsequent delay in getting rent paying.
Brian Smith: Yes, again, it's not that the pipeline of leasing and the volume of leasing is getting done. It's just getting them open. When we are seeing a sense of urgency in some parts, in our Indio project, for example, where we had Starbucks, they just -- they wouldn't even talk to us 3 years ago and now it's like we got to get open, we got to get open. So I do think as sales ratchet up, and sales have been good, if they continue like that, I think the retailers are going to clearly have a sense of urgency to get open before the end of the year.
Brian Smith: Right. I mean, the breakdown, Quentin, is it's 190 basis points from the percent leased to the effective rent paying occupancy. The 40 basis points of that would be tenants that are not paying or not paying everything they should be, and 150 basis points would be those that, basically, the pre-leasing. 60 basis points of that 150 have not yet taken occupancy, and the other 90 are in occupancy doing their build out and waiting to pay rent.
Brian Smith: Yes, Mike, I actually appreciate that. I think we are driven, and we're just not satisfied, not patting ourselves in the back for anything we may have done to date. I mean, we all have the goal in mind. We know where we've been. We know where we need to be. We know where we can be. We know where we're going to be. And until we get there, it's just going to -- we are going to be hard on ourselves.
Brian Smith: Well, I think it's not going to be -- the small shop leasing has been -- I don't know if we've got the contribution to rent growth on that. Do we? No. I think basically, our rent growth is going to be, at least through the end of the year, essentially where it's at today. I think our renewal leasing is going to be somewhere around flat to slightly positive, and I think our new leasing is going to continue to be maybe flat to minus 10%. As we start to fill up those spaces, logically, we're going to get better and better ability to drive rents. We're seeing that in our 95% lease centers. If you look, for example, in the Bay Area in the anchor space, this quarter we signed some in the $30 range. We signed a couple junior anchors in the mid-20s. So I think what will happen is you'll see this year continuing to be relatively flat. And then as we start to get that occupancy up closer to 88%, 89% on the less than 5,000 square feet, we'll start to be able to drive the rents.
Brian Smith: We haven't changed our strategy on that. In fact, if anything, I think we're outperforming our strategy. If I think back to some of our tougher projects like in Indio, at Indio, we had underwritten very low rents to get some of the spaces leased and in fact, free rent for a period of time and that hasn't happened. We've come in with rents better than that. So we're not letting good tenants get away on the development properties just because the rents are lower. We are, though, doing as you said in some cases more so last year than this year. We would go ahead and do a 3-year lease and offer low starting rent and then build it up pretty rapidly like maybe 30% a year or even. But I'd say what's really going on there is some anchor leasing is driving that, but I think things are just slowly improving. I think the best example again is in Indio, where we had a retailer, Party City, opened up a temporary store for their Halloween concept, took a chance. Things were so good they decided to convert it to a full long-term lease with Party City and Starbucks, which wouldn't look at it 3 years ago. Now it's eager to open. So I think it's just things are improving. People are willing to take chances because of the lack of supply out there. They don't have as many opportunities, and it's just kind of slow and steady.
Brian Smith: Our thinking hasn't changed, Rich. Of the 13 that we were talking about taking to market, we have taken the majority of those to market. And the 7, I think, that we talked about last quarter that were on the market, we have contracts. And I think in almost every case, the buyers are hard with their deposits on 6 of them. So while the numbers to date don't add up, if you take a look at what we've got for sale either closed or under contract, we're in about the $58 million range. And then as you said, we've got many more of the original 13 plus some additional ones that we're going to be taking to market. So we still hope to get up in the $140 million, $150 million range by the end of the year. And the acquisitions, there are lots of opportunities. With what we've already got under contract and closed, we're already at the $140 million range.
Brian Smith: It is. As we talked about, there's -- the good news associated with the lower cap rates is we're just seeing some just fabulous properties and the kind you just have to own. And to the extent we can recycle out of our ones with NOI risk, we would just love to get those.
Brian Smith: We did have -- I think the best majority of that were settlements. For example, there was a large tenant out in Northern California that we were in a lawsuit with. And so really, what those represent those settlements are rents owed as well as acceleration of rents.
Brian Smith: That's the one area that we need to break and we expect to improve. We've been saying for some time, given all the different health ratios, health metrics of the retailers we expect it to improve. It is improving slowly. Unfortunately, we have the Blockbuster we talked about. If you subtract the Blockbuster from our move-outs in the second quarter, they'd be vastly improved. On an annualized basis, it would be a pretty low number. But really, it's a slow and steady progress there. Also, if you look at the first quarter move-outs this year and compared to the first quarter move-outs last year, it's better. If you look at the second quarter this year versus second quarter last year, it's better. So we do have an improving trend line, and by the end of the year, we expect that we will probably be about 250,000 square feet better in terms of move-outs than we were a year ago.
Brian Smith: Yes. I mean, to get to the numbers that we want to be at, we've got assumptions as to how much of new leasing we're going to do and how much we're going to experience in move-outs. And so when it comes to what we still need -- we want to do about 1.8 million square feet in new leases, we've already done over 1 million. So we got about 800,000 square feet to go, and we are actively working on about 1.5 million square feet of identified tenants either in lease negotiation or LOI. So that's the 2x.
Brian Smith: Right. Well, the issue there is it certainly could be more. But when you look at your -- especially your LOIs but also with your lease negotiations, things can happen. I mean, we just had a situation where you're working on a lease, it's approved by all the real estate people, it's a national tenant, it goes to their committee and it gets turned down. That stuff can happen. So what we look at it as is it's a cushion. If we've got 2 leases or 2 square feet for everyone we need, we feel pretty comfortable we'll get to our numbers. But hopefully, our numbers are conservative, and hopefully, we'll do better than that. But a big thing that's preventing us from really ratcheting that number up is just that a lot of that, that 1.5 million square feet, could slip into 2011. It may happen, but they may go past the end of the calendar year.
Brian Smith: Well, we've got $6.2 million of additional upside in the development portfolio. Of that, $2.6 million of it is already pre-leased and $1.4 million of that pre-leasing is coming on in 2011, $1.2 million in 2012. And then there will be additional lease up beyond that.
Brian Smith: Yes, we saw a pretty sizable -- a very sizable increase this quarter in the request for business assignments, which you're going to get when you have financing available as well as lender verification calls where people are looking to take out financing. They're calling us to verify term, rents, stuff like that. And while we are seeing a lot of that, the fact of the matter is over the last 2 years, we've had to deal with the fact there wasn't much small shop financing available. So all of our leasing efforts have really been focused on those that are well capitalized either individuals or franchisees, national and regional chains. So while we are seeing a lot more of the financing, we're really not counting on it.
