Martin E. Stein: Think you, Brian, and thank you, Lisa. To close, I'm extremely gratified by the positive results that Regency's dedicated and talented team continues to produce. In addition, I'm excited about Regency's future prospects to sustain growth in net asset value and earnings per share through our formula of NOI growth from a high-quality portfolio, value-creating development and redevelopments and a strong balance sheet. We look forward to seeing many of you in Atlanta for NAREIT's annual REITWorld conference. We thank you for your time, and we'll now turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Martin E. Stein: But [ph] over it. Okay, and [indiscernible] period, the number could exceed 1.5% to 2 -- go, of course to 2%. In effect, we're turning about 10% of the space a year, so think about it that way. So to get it to 1.5% will take us a few years to get that, but I think the run rate beyond that is pretty encouraging.
Martin E. Stein: Well, we have work as -- I'm not going to comment on the process. I will comment from the standpoint as we think that -- as I said, I think the company achieved great pricing and a great result for their shareholders. And being a shareholder, we're very happy with the outcome. I'll also note that as you, Christy, know, and others on the call may know, we've already got a wonderful platform in Houston that we feel really good about and we're happy to have that.
Martin E. Stein: For those of you all that took time away from NAREIT, it's greatly appreciated and we'll let you go back to whatever you do related to NAREIT. Thank you very much for your time on the call. And everybody, have a great day, and look forward to seeing a lot of you, as I indicated earlier, in Atlanta. Thank you.
Brian M. Smith: Well, our goal is to get this up to 1.5% for the whole portfolio from the 1.3%. I think the run rate for the leases that are signed each quarter in the 1.8% to 2% range is about right. But given that that's still is a small percentage of the whole portfolio, it's just going to take a while to lift the entire portfolio.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. I think, it's like 2% for the quarter and 1.8% year-to-date. But if anything, we're getting more momentum in that regard, so I think it is a good run rate.
Brian M. Smith: It's all that. The -- it was driven by base rent. And so it's all the components of the base rent. We had strong leasing. I think overall, it's about 10% for the pro rata basis, higher than it was the same quarter last year. Our rent steps are higher, our rent growth continues to trend up and we've also had very, very favorable moveout. I think I mentioned last quarter that's it's rare that the moveouts get to 300,000 square feet per quarter, and that 3 of the 4 quarters, we're at or below 300,000. This quarter, it was 224,000. So it just shows you the continued positive surprise on the moveouts, but also strongly seeing rent steps and rent growth.
Brian M. Smith: Well, the #1 thing we're looking at is the quality of the user. So first and foremost, that's what we want. Market rents continue to go up and we expect to get at least market rents. And then from that point on, it's the escalator. So it's really all of the above to the extent you got an incredible retailer that provides some kind of a wow factor with a center, we think would enhance the leasability of that center and the overall -- I think, the overall NOI growth, then we may work with them on the steps versus the initial rent. But what we found so far is that's not the case. On the -- if you look at kind of the Fresh Look tenants we've been putting in, we've not only been getting the high initial rent, but we've been getting consistent steps and the build-outs have been very modest. So we look at the mall. It's a lease-by-lease situation but right now, they all seem to be going in our favor.
Brian M. Smith: Well, first and foremost, we are very focused on the developments because we think developing these quality centers in strong protected market is an important driver of NAV and it's a differentiating competitive advantage for us. We have the desire and the capability to do more but it's pretty tough out there. So for 2014, we expect we'll be at the high end of the guidance range, about $240 million. After that, we're looking at $150 million to $200 million and that could be lumpy, just -- that's the nature of development. And as much as we'd love to do more, we are limited by the opportunity set, given the discipline that we're showing in terms of what kind of properties, what kind of markets we want to pursue. And then, as you are aware, we're also restricted by the limit that we put on it of no more than 2x EBITDA for total commitments.
