Martin E. Stein: Thanks, Brian, and thank you, Lisa. In closing, I feel that the first quarter was a real good way to start the year. I continue to be gratified by the dedicated efforts and creativity that our team brings to the table each and every day to execute our strategy. Much heavy lifting needs to be done, but we are poised to grow net asset value per share and shareholder value. We thank you for your time, and welcome your questions.
Martin E. Stein: $25 million to $40 million of redevelopments. So ground up is what we've been talking about. On top of that, redevelopments $25 million to $40 million.
Martin E. Stein: Although it is a coincidence, we do think that reducing the number of partnerships is a good outcome. We loved our partners, but I think that reducing the number makes more sense.
Martin E. Stein: And from a size and scope related to new developments, I think that, that was all included as far as the pipeline for '13 and '14.
Martin E. Stein: Well, just kind of in general, our view on size is that bigger isn't necessarily better, and bigger isn't necessarily bad. So the key thing is growing intrinsic value per share. I think that our funding strategies, to me, is basically how do we cost-effectively fund our current and potential and visible future investment activity. And I think today, we got 2 attractive alternatives and that being some low growth assets and last quarter, we tapped the ATM program. So there's 2 levers that we've used in the past, and I think an outgrowth of that cost-effective funding strategy is that it has improved our financial ratios, and as a result, the balance sheet has gotten stronger. And we do want to have a balance sheet that can take advantage of those opportunities when they appear, where there continue growth of development program, or attractive, high-growth acquisitions. And if there's another financial crisis, we want to be able to not only survive that, but also thrive in a period like that.
Martin E. Stein: And it is hard to predict timing on move-outs. And that's gotten -- I mean, and our team is being much more proactive as far as, as Brian mentioned, as far as evicting weaker tenants or even signing leases and assuming that we are able to move out those tenants.
Martin E. Stein: Vincent, that's -- this is now #4. If you like to get back in the queue, we'd love to have you back in there.
Martin E. Stein: I would say we've got 2 dozen very attractive target markets. And our Coastal markets are performing well, our Texas markets, our Houston, Austin and Dallas are performing well, including Denver. Atlanta is on the way back. Our markets in North Carolina are doing extremely well. Our Florida markets are starting to exercise a comeback. So we feel really, really good about the canvas under which we're investing and operating.
Martin E. Stein: We appreciate your participation in the call, and wish that you have a great rest of the week. Thank you very much.
Lisa Palmer: I'll start with the -- actually, the run rate. With $0.64 and then the range of $0.62 to $0.64, there isn't that much of a sequential decline. But again, I'll come back to the fact that were 5.1% same-property growth for this quarter, and we're expecting our range for the remainder of the year is 2.5% to 3.2%, so we are expecting some of it to moderate. That would be -- that would have a negative impact. At the same time, we would expect to have lower G&A for the quarter because, as you'll note, year-over-year we're about $2 million higher, and that's almost directly related to a lower amount of development overhead capitalization. And as Brian mentioned, the Schererville start as well as some other potential expected starts, we would expect capitalization to normalize and so the north -- the run rate to hit the G&A of $60 million to $63 million for the year, will occur in the second quarter. With regards to other income, yes, you're correct. I mean, we used to recognize the captive insurance income in one quarter. We're now recognizing that on a monthly basis, so it's going to be more even throughout the year. In 2012, our other income was north of $10 million. The first quarter of this year was, I think, I believe, was like about $2.2 million. So it's -- that's a pretty good run rate. So we would expect that to be flat. The difference being the first quarter of last year, we were less than $1 million. So we just had an easier comp for the first quarter.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. The first quarter was the 4.8%. As I mentioned, it was a 30 basis points impact, without redevelopments. And for the full year forecast, we're expecting it basically to have 0 impact. So it's going to go from the 30 basis point positive down to flat.
Lisa Palmer: I'll just add from a more technical standpoint, we've modified our guidance on, I think it's the third page from the end on the supplemental where we give our starts for the year, to now include redevelopments. We didn't restate the past years, if you will. So the $125 million to $175 million of new expected starts in 2013 includes redevelopments.
Lisa Palmer: And the $25 million to $40 million is a significant increase from what we have been doing in the past years.
Lisa Palmer: It really is a pure coincidence. The Charter Hall that they've been attempting to exit the U.S. this, we're in the third year or fourth year of their strategy, and it's taken that long to do it. And I think you'll recall the fund was originally an open-end fund that was put in place to be the takeout for our community center developments. And unfortunately, we know what happened with developments and how much the leasing slowed down even with what we had in process. So with the partners in that fund, we converted it to a closed-end fund and have really been working on an exit strategy ever since.
Lisa Palmer: Again, approximately 2/3 of it did come from base rent. That's a result of the leasing that we did last year. Our percent rent-paying tenants was up pretty significantly.
Lisa Palmer: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were asking to explain how we go from 5.1% to 2.5% to 3.2%. It's just a matter of we're 4 months into the year. We have more clarity. Move-outs are always the things that are the most uncertain. And we had a lower-than-expected number in the first quarter. It's as simple as that.
Lisa Palmer: You may recall from our last -- the last quarter call and also the K that we did put into place a couple of forward-starting slots to mitigate and to lock in the interest rates of today. So we would have no need to do it early. And so the...
Lisa Palmer: For '14 and '15 maturities. So we -- unless something changes in terms of other opportunity -- investment opportunities, we wouldn't expect to hit the bond market until April 2014.
Lisa Palmer: First of all, we -- I said 2/3 of it was from AVR, which isn't just necessarily from lower move-outs, it's from the leasing that we completed. So we have a higher percent rent-paying. The difference from the last question is, that was expected. What was better than we expected was the lower number of move-outs which caused us to raise our guidance. And I mean, that's -- so that's the only change. And the other things are some of the things that were in the first quarter only, that will normalize during the year, which is moderating growth. It was the timing of percentage rent and recovery rate and the lower comp and other income. So as those moderate, that brings us back down to the 2.5%...
Lisa Palmer: Well, we do provide guidance for percentage rents, and we've received almost half of it, at least on the low end. As you think about the rest of the year, you could assume that we had another, call it, 1/3 to potentially a little bit more in the fourth quarter with a little bit in between.
Lisa Palmer: I'll go first, then Brian can add color. Again, it's -- I'm talking about guidance and how we performed versus our guidance. We expected more, so they were lower. We still have some, as Brian talked about, but not at all significant on a historical basis. And the percent, the drop-in percent leased on the small-shop space, I'll let Brian talk about that because that had to do with spaces that were more in the 5,000 to 10,000 square foot range.
Brian M. Smith: Okay. We'll start with the anchors. You talked about the anchors. In terms of what we're working on right now, that are at least, I would say, in the high probability category, we have 6 or 7 Whole Foods projects we're working on, actually, about 3 of those are redevelopments. So on ground-up, it'd be 3 or 4 Whole Foods, 3 Publix, we've got a Mariano's that we hope to start this year in Chicago, Northgate, a Hispanic grocery in urban L.A. and then possibly a King Sooper and a Fresh Market. In terms of pipeline, we feel really confident in our ability to hit within the guidance and returns right now look like they will be about 8% for the year. And if you look at that on an incremental basis, because Schererville is coming out of land held, it would be about 9%. And then in terms of what's giving us confidence, we're building in infill markets, we're building in Washington, D.C., Miami, coastal California, Seattle. So large high barrier markets where there's limited new supply coming on anywhere. But in those particular markets, it's very tight, there's strong retailer demand and we're rightsizing the amount of shop space we build. So I think we mentioned on the call that we are approaching 90% on our in-process developments, even though it's only about 50% funded. And really, that's consistent with what we've done since the downturn. It's just the rightsizing and building in the right areas.
Brian M. Smith: So Nate, I'd look at our total pipeline for 2013 and 2014, and there's only 1 or maybe 2, there'll be 1 next year. So they're almost all new opportunities, except for on the redevelopment front.
Brian M. Smith: Well, not entirely. We'll start one here this year in urban L.A. that I mentioned with the Northgate. And that one, I started working on 20 years ago before coming to Regency. So it's been something we've been working on a long, long, long time. But I would say, you're right. The vast majority of these are all newly-sourced. But renting newly, we've probably been working on all of them for at least a minimum of 2 years, maybe 1 is new this year.
Brian M. Smith: Rich, as I look at kind of what the reasons are for the lack of development, there's several things. First of all, the anchors had many options, I think, is what -- where you're headed. And that second-generation space was -- it was plentiful and it was far cheaper. The new developments didn't pencil in most areas because the retailers were really being really careful about their sales projections. The lack at housing growths obviously prevented people from expanding out in the suburbs. But even if there was housing growth, the retailers aren't opening stores out there. They are opting for the infill, and of course, capital was tough. And I'd say what's been changing lately is the second-generation space is clearly not an option. The retailers are getting more aggressive on rents. Although they're still focused on infill and in the areas where we want to develop, the cities are still very, very tough in terms of the fees and the other costs. Though housing is improving, again, that's not what's driving the new development. So I think going forward, what is happening, is the retailers do want deals. They are much more aggressive both in terms of the number of stores they want to open and the rents they'll pay, but it has to be the right areas. And in those -- I think that's what driving it mostly. I think in the areas, again, where we want to develop though, you better have a lot of capital because, as I mentioned, the cities are tough, the approvals take a long time, there's no lay-ups there and you better be prepared for the long-haul on the redevelopment expenses.
Brian M. Smith: No. I think what I was trying to say, Rich, is they are getting more aggressive on their rents, but still in the areas where they can summon a lot of purchasing power. So again, it remains the infill more affluent areas. And the ability to get those is not great because, again, a small developer, one, doesn't have the capability to pursue all the predevelopment costs and risks that you have to do, and capital is still tight. So what you're seeing, in terms of development out there -- we just had a meeting with about 3 of the leading retailers, anchors who would drive developments, and talked to them about them about what they're seeing across the board. And what they were saying is the opportunities for the grocers are often in the mixed-use projects as part of multifamily. One of the leading anchors is doing a lot of self-development and they see a lot of standalone. So where there's opportunities to -- there's just not that many opportunities for them to get new stores, so when they have the right kind of opportunity, they will step-up and pay the rents. So I think you will see more development, but until the banks loosen up and the retailers start going in less difficult places to develop, it'll still be pretty muted, I think.
Brian M. Smith: We do have a lot of opportunities. They aren't that big in any individual one. And what they are, they're everything from, like you're seeing in -- like we did at Heritage in Southern California last year, which is a major renovation of the entire center, to other situations where we're doing a second phase on a development that maybe we started several years ago, to doing just some creative things, like we're doing at Carriage Gate in Tallahassee where we got control of the Winn-Dixie box that had been subleased to T.J. Maxx. We got -- that unleashed a whole new redevelopment that allowed us to move out a tax collection agency and move in at Trader Joe's. And so a lot of that kind of stuff, each one is different. Sometimes it's adding GLA, sometimes it's just creating value in other manners.
Brian M. Smith: We didn't have what I would call a power center. The one we started in first quarter is a little atypical. Again, that's Schererville, Shops on Main, that's coming out of land held, and that, right now, does not have a grocery. And it's got Gordmans Department Store, TJX's HomeGoods concept, Ross and DSW Shoes. There is a possibility that a high-end grocer will go there. The question is, what's the kind of value and whether we want to do it. But to get to the numbers we're talking about, there are a couple of larger projects, Schererville would be one of them. And we have another one coming in South Florida, that will be a -- it'll have some community anchored-type centers or community anchors, but it will also have a neighborhood component with the leading grocer. So every one of the developments has a grocer right now planned for it, except for the one that just started. And as I said, we may put one in, in the later phase.
Brian M. Smith: Well, again, it's going to depend where. We are working on a property in one of the -- is in one of the better markets in the San Francisco Bay area. And we've got restaurants and shops lining up to pay $60 a square foot, and we have probably 2x the amount of demand as we have supply. So in that one, clearly, stepping forward and rather be at that center than they would in the other noninstitutional ones.
Brian M. Smith: I don't have that number for you, but I would say on the small shops, it would be a very small amount. What happens is we set those, the natural breakpoint, which would just be the rent divided by the percentage factor. So if it's $20 rent and that's a 2%, you divide the $20 by the 2% and that becomes your breakpoint. Most retailers cannot hit that for several years. There is an exception. We have an anchor in a redevelopment we did last year that hit it big time, first year. Typically, it's your anchors' going to hit it because they will have much longer term leases, whereas the small shops have short terms.
Brian M. Smith: Right. Yes, in terms of the comment about historical reference, we generally add occupancy -- we always add occupancy in the second, third and fourth quarters, and we lose occupancy in the first. That losses average typically about 30 basis points. In this quarter, we were about 20 basis points. So it was actually better than historical for us. And in terms of this -- the loss in the small shops, that was really driven by the larger small shops, if you will, the ones from 5,000 to 10,000 as opposed to less than 5,000. And we had 130 basis point decrease there. And a lot of that was as a result of chain-wide bankruptcies like Fashion Bug. They averaged about 7,000 square feet. We lost 3 of those. Large restaurants and the like. Whereas the small shops, less than 5,000 square feet, it was just 40 basis points.
Brian M. Smith: Well, actually, last -- yes, I was basically telling things were happening after the quarter-end. Last quarter, we had some cost increases related to changing some ground leases to build to suits which were NOI and return neutral. But in terms of this year, yes, we had -- or this quarter, we had, I think, $7.3 million cost increases. And really, what was happening there, it was just a perfect storm of several things coming together, much of which were outside of our control. I'd put those into 3 categories. The first one was unusually severe weather, even by Seattle standards where it not only rained a lot, but it just didn't stop. So the soil never got a chance to dry out and it just became saturated. And ultimately, that led to the on-site stormwater management pond overflowing and it flooded the entire site. And so we had to bring heavy equipment on that would not only pump the water off site, but first, has to treat it, and -- that means you're not pumping dirty water off site. We had to haul off other soils, dry soils, cement treat the pads, redo the erosion control. So a lot of it was that severe weather. And the second area of cost increases that were outside of our control were those city-imposed costs. And there were a couple categories of that. One were the fees. There's a schedule of fees that's published by the city and it just -- they didn't adhere to it. They just went beyond that for traffic mitigation and for other fees. And then they not only upgraded the design standards, so a lot of things that we have designed, like demanding canopies on all sides of buildings, but in landscaping, hardscaping, but actually added scope. So they added, for example, a tiered plaza area that we didn't even have in our proposed development. And then the final thing was just the construction cost increases, which we are seeing around the country. They're a little more severe up there because it is such an anti-growth environment that you don't have many subs, so there wasn't very much depth to the bidding. But at the end of the day, I think the development program is under control. We did 12 -- we've done 12 projects since 2009 and if you strip this one out, we're actually over a couple of million dollars under budget, including East Washington Place which is also on the West Coast. And at the end of the day, Grand Ridge Plaza is still going to have about 200 basis points spread over the exit cap rates and that thing is 96% leased and committed, and we're working on LOIs for another 2%. So it should be a great project. I don't mean to diminish the importance of the cost, but as I said, a lot of those were outside our control.
