Hap Stein: Thanks, Brian and thanks, Lisa. In closing, I remain very proud of the progress our team is making in building a great company. The critical ingredients are portfolio, development program, balance sheet and culture are combining to make it a company that measures up to the title of Jim Collins’ book, Built to Last. Thank you for your time and we now welcome your questions.
Hap Stein: Obviously, we’ve read about that. Somewhat familiar with the assets. We’re familiar with the assets. And we’ll evaluate them. But they have to meet our criterion B, not only do something that makes sense from a financial standpoint, but also they have to be the quality criteria that we have.
Hap Stein: Well, the specialty grocers, for sure. The original grocers, they’re on fire. The boxes are still cautious and conservation [indiscernible] is good for the industry. They want spaces and all the portfolios and everything, but you don’t see a whole lot of box development just because the rent from those for a particular use haven’t gotten back up to where they were pre-recession. But the grocery side, there’s a lot activity.
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time and your interest in Regency, and wish that everyone has a great rest of the week and weekend. Thank you very much.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. Christine, it’s more important to us to secure the financing than to worry about the short-term earnings accretions. So we just need to wait till we come out of the blackout and we’ll be ready to go. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we can remain patient because we do have the flexibility to do so. But we expect to be ready as soon as possible. And as we’ve talked about in the past, part of the forward equity offering, we do intend to use and address to not do as large of an offering. So the offering will be in the 250 [ph], probably to 275 [ph] range.
Lisa Palmer: Jay, this is Lisa. As we’ve talked about in the past, we like our stable of JV partners. And at this time, there’s really no intention of significantly growing them or reducing them. So we’d expect that each of our partners may - we follow the same strategy in terms of recycling. So you may see some recycling through those, but probably right about the same number of properties.
Lisa Palmer: I think, Rich, that was in Hap’s opening comments. And I think he mentioned that we have done 4% for three consecutive years. And 4% is in the realm of possibility for this year given our range of 3.6% to 4.1%.
Lisa Palmer: And Rich, I’ll add a little bit of color to that. We’ve done some analysis. We have a lot of history. And with our existing portfolio, when you look at the properties that we reached our peak prior in the 2007-2008 range, when you look at the properties that we still own today that we owned then - and that’s not counting the really high quality properties that we’ve added through acquisition and development. We actually sustained north of 96% with those properties for over a year. So we’ve significantly improved the quality of our portfolio over the past five to six years. And I think with that, we should be able to sustain a higher peak than we have in the past.
Brian Smith: Sure, Craig. So as we said, our stated objective would be to have an average annual delivery for development and redevelopment of 150 million, 200 million. But it can be one payment [ph] and that’s really what you’re seeing. There’s no change in the project. They’re all still on track. It’s just difficult to know the delays which have pushed some projects in the 2016 and somewhere a flip of the coin whether it will happen in December or January, around those time periods. So the issue isn’t the opportunity. It’s just the timing of the starts. But if you want to get the specifics on what exactly happened, we’ve got about eight projects we’re working on that we’re hoping at the beginning of the year would happen in 2015. Three of them are mixed use, so you’re dependent on the other uses to some extent. If there’s an issue there, then you’re going to get delayed as well. Two are master plan communities where there’s some issues in the master plan developers are still working out. One of them is a zoning change. And the city pushed that in 2016. One had issues with the anchors in terms of [indiscernible] being way too much risk in some of the lease terms. That looks like it has since been worked out. And then one for sure will start this year. But as I look at what’s going on as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there’s no shortage of projects. We’re working on $650 million of development between now and 2017 of which I’d say about well $500 million are ground up. And at this point in time, I feel confident that $350 million to $400 million are likely, it’s not guaranteed, but they’re looking real good, of which about $250 million to $300 million are developments.
Brian Smith: Nothing particular. It’s just we get a couple of things. I would say in the developed world, success begets success. And that project is so successful that we are seeing a lot of opportunities come to us either through brokers or potential joint venture partners. We’re still working through those. But we do have a project, for example, that was target excess land that they took out to an RFP and we were successful in getting that taken care of. We won that and that will likely be a whole food development. And then just some other things that are percolating [indiscernible] not to talk about.
Brian Smith: Well, it all has to do with the anchor leases, new anchor leases. We talked about last year in the second and third quarter, we had four anchor leases that their average size was greater than 40,000 square feet and the combined or the average rent gross of the four is about 135%. So as you know, the new anchor leases is what moves the needle because of the size of the spaces as well as the tax of those are all leases and have the biggest mark-to-market. In the last three quarters, we’ve done a total of three anchor leases, new anchor leases. And they’ve been small. The three of those average 15,000 square feet. So with the anchors being 99% leased and our renewal rates for anchors being 90%, what we’re really getting in the last three quarters is mostly renewals of anchors. And of course, renewals are fixed option rents. And they’re more flattish. The new leasing of the last three quarters has been almost entirely shop. That’s why if we look at the shop rent growth, it’s been double-digit the last three quarters. And in fact, this quarter, it increased 20 basis points. And then the other thing I would just say is it’s not that we’re not doing new anchors leases. It’s just that a lot of them are non-comparable. So where the rent growth is not getting factored into the - or where the increase in rent is not being considered rent growth. An example will be [indiscernible] centered up in Baltimore center up there. There, we’ve got a Staples box that we’re splitting and re-leasing both spaces. And the cash spreads on that are greater than 50%. But that kind of stuff is not showing up in rent for [indiscernible] is not considered non-operable.
Brian Smith: I don’t think so, Rich. I mean we increase shops 80 basis points year-over-year. And the leasing environment remains really strong. Demands clearly exceed supply. The renewals as I mentioned are very strong. They’re 81% for the portfolio. But also the highest renewal rate we’ve ever had for the shop for our pipeline of new leasing is also everybody is strong as it has been. In fact, it’s a little bit higher than the last four quarter rolling average. And we did the highest number of leases, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this quarter, that we’ve ever done. So rents are still rising. Pricing power is good. We’re seeing the retailers taking tougher spaces. We’re seeing improvements in the weaker markets. So I don’t know why we can’t just keep going.
Brian Smith: One thing I will add about the environment too, just a little bit of color from my perspective is, I think this is the best environment for landlord that we’ve seen, not necessarily for developers, but for landlords. And it’s not because it’s easy and retailers are getting and opening stores wildly. In fact, it’s just the opposite. It is really a battle. The retailers fight hard, which is why it’s taking us longer to get spaces leased and then to rent paying. You’re seeing them taking approvals backed committee where they’re changing their return threshold. In tenants that we signed leases, it went maybe a dozen leases. One start from scratch on the lease negotiation. So I think that’s just really healthy for the sector that retailers are cautious and deliver - but they have a desire to grow. And it’s one of the reasons why the growth in supply is still limited.
