Mike Mas: Thank you, Mac. Let me begin with some additional color around our third quarter earnings results and updated 2019 NAREIT FFO guidance. Third quarter NAREIT FFO includes a net positive $0.02 per share impact from a combination of one-time items.  First, a $0.01 per share negative impact from a swap breakage charge associated with the repayment of our term loan following our August bond offering. And second, an offset in $0.03 per share positive non-cash benefit from the accelerated amortization of below market rent triggered by our agreement to proactively terminate a lease with JCPenney at Serramonte. Under the termination agreement, JC Penney will move out at the end of May 2020, which requires us to ratably amortize their below market rent through this new termination date. Therefore, we will recognize another $5 million of below market rent in Q4 of this year, in addition to the $5 million recognized in Q3, and yet another $8 million in 2020.  Our 2019 NAREIT FFO guidance has been updated to reflect these impacts. Items like these provide a good reminder of why we use core operating earnings as a metric to better measure performance as it eliminates certain non-recurring and non-cash items more closely reflecting cash earnings and our ability to grow the dividend.  As Lisa mentioned, we are confirming our core operating earnings growth range of 3% to 4% for 2019, and expect to finish near the top of that range. Before wrapping up the call, let me first highlight one of the most important differentiating aspects of our business plan, our capital allocation and funding capabilities. We are fortunate to have access to many attractive funding options and now hold a positive outlook rating by both S&P and Moody's. And we are generating approximately $170 million of free cash flow annually, which funds our developments and redevelopments on a leverage-neutral basis. In addition, given the quality of our portfolio, we can be opportunistic and fortifying our 3% same-property NOI growth objective through the sale of non-strategic lower growth assets and deploying that capital into the acquisition of shopping centers with superior growth prospects. To that end, we acquired two compelling assets this quarter and we are able to take advantage of several attractive sources of capital. In August, we issued $425 million of 10-year unsecured notes at a Regency record low interest rate of 2.95%. We used a portion of these proceeds to repay our $300 million term loan with the balance partially funding, the $212 million Pruneyard acquisition. Our disposition guidance incorporates funding the remainder of this acquisition through the sale of lower growth assets on a tax-efficient earnings and leverage-neutral basis. In September, we funded the Circle Marina acquisition located in Long Beach, California, through a combination of secured debt and operating partnership units, which is yet another funding source in our playbook. And lastly, we executed on our ATM program in September, selling approximately $130 million in gross proceeds on a forward basis. As Mac discussed our development and redevelopment pipeline continues to grow and we are excited about the near-term value-add opportunities. We expect development and redevelopment spend to exceed our leveraged free cash flow in 2020 and proceeds from the forward ATM will be used to fund a portion of that spend.  This is a compelling funding source when priced correctly as it maintains our balance sheet strength and when compared to diluted property sales. Our flexible funding strategy is one of the many factors that contributes to Regency being well-positioned to meet our strategic objectives over the long-term, including starting $1.25 billion in value-add developments and redevelopments over the next five years, averaging same-property NOI growth of 3%, core earnings growth of 4% plus, and with dividend growth, total returns exceeding 8%. I'll turn the call back to Hap for closing remarks.
Mike Mas: Hey, Christy, it's Mike. With respect to the specific question on 2020 and the impact for redevelopments much more to come next quarter when we put our details. We are still refining our plans. But we did alluded to $4 million of NOI coming offline at two specific projects next year and Mac spent some time talking through those.  I would also point to you to our new disclosure, I think it's Page 19 or so in our supplement. The team has done a great job of trying to provide a little bit more visibility into the impacts of downtime. And more importantly, timing around a little bit to Greg's question, when NOI will start to return for these projects that we are working through, and then Mac took some time to step through.  Going forward, we will continue to be very descriptive on these projects, on these quarterly calls and in between – with meetings and we will be very, very sure to help everyone understand that the – it's about the ins and the outs. I would say this, we've averaged anywhere from 20 basis points to 130 basis points of positive contributions.  Obviously 2019 has been muted. And I would say that 2020 at this point in time we anticipate to look a lot like 2019.
Mike Mas: Sure. It's a good question, and fair. It all starts with free cash flow. And as we've talked about a $170 million we are generating free cash flow given our low payout ratio. Importantly that's after CapEx, that's after dividend payments. And then, we look into our capital plan for next year and again this pipeline that we are building of active developments and redevelopments is leading us to a need to raise a little bit more capital than that leverage neutral free cash flow will provide. So we look at our portfolio and we assess whether we need to activate any pruning beyond our typical 1% per year or so.  And when we looked at the price, NAV is an art, not a science. We like this price with respect to our capital plan. I think, if you – if you think about consensus NAV and maybe what that implied cap rate may be and you think about our use of proceeds into developments and redevelopments averaging about 7% returns.  We like that trade and that's how we think about managing our capital plan. Importantly, we are committed to maintaining our balance sheet. We closed the quarter at 5.5 times. We like our ratings. We like the positive outlooks that we are on with both Moody's and S&P. And we will work to preserve the strength of that balance sheet as well.
Mike Mas: You're going to hear this a lot potentially today, but Rich, more to come obviously. but let's – we can’t talk about some of the facts that are out there and you should all be aware of. From a bankruptcy perspective, since 2015, we've averaged between 10 and 60 basis points of impact. If you just think about Barney's and IPIC, just as the unique bankruptcies that were up against next year, that's 80 basis points alone in two tenants.  So, that's far exceeding what we would call regular way business. So I think keep that in mind as you think through the impacts for 2020. I think the redevelopment contribution is what it is. It's another year of given the ins and outs of NOI, another year of muted contribution, which will look a lot like 2019.
Mike Mas: Craig, I think we will probably in the – I must say eight month range. But I would say from lease execution to RCD is probably closer to four. 
Mike Mas: We obviously take every situation on its own. Every deal stands on its own. We are appropriate and I'd suggest one of the reasons you saw a slight tick downturn on the renewal rates was effectively we had in this particular quarter, we had a couple of deals that I would call, standing still retailers. Keeping them placed until we can get them backfilled.  And you may take a little bit of a hit on a short-term basis to keep the space filled while you market the space. So, in general, I think, we've been pretty tough on rent reduction. Generally, we want our space back, if the tenant doesn't want to play by the rules, if you will. And we have found good success in reletting our space, when we get it back.
Mike Mas: Let me start, and I'll kick it to Jim, as he maybe provide a little bit more color on how he is thinking about the space. But Samir, as we said, we are effectively planning for Barney's to be down next year. So much more to come as we roll out our guidance for 2020 and then we'll continue to report on this project as we have and enhanced our disclosure on the other projects.  We'll treat Barney's very similarly and get as much visibility as we can to the extent of the downtime, the extent of the capital and when we anticipate that rent coming back on board. But I'll let Jim speak to what we have been doing to this point. What our thoughts might be.
Mike Mas: Hey, Wes, this is Mike. From a watch list perspective, three is really no change quarter-over-quarter from what we've talked about in the past. Tenants, as you'd mentioned have come off the list. So, there is no longer impacts of Sears, et cetera and Barney's is now moving to a different class. But as we look forward, obviously we are – our eyes around tenants like Pier 1 and others.  We are taking care of JCPenney as we mentioned with the termination agreement. But I would say, it's essentially pretty neutral. I'll go back to the bankruptcy history that we've absorbed into our NOI that figure, since 2015. It's been in that 10 basis point to 60 basis point range for tenants that are outside of this Barney's/IPIC situation that we are currently looking at.
Mike Mas: No. I mean, we are just generally in that same range. I would think historically it's been our watch list maybe we'll walk through that. We think about it in three categories. We obviously are financial from a bankruptcy risk perspective. And then, when we look at store closure risk and that's where you can have – we want our teams to be aware of the change that are looking to rationalize their fleets. Generally speaking Regency does well in that regard. We typically own the centers that perform in the upper half, upper quartile of those change and in the rationalization scenario, we don't generally lose as much space as you otherwise would think. And then lastly, we'd like to include operators to retailers who are – may not be in financial distress, or actively shrinking their fleet sizes, but maybe came through some operational changes that we just want to be aware of. You put all that together, it is probably a tick down because of the fact that we moved Sears through the list and we are going to move Barneys through the list, but it's about the same, Wes.
Mike Mas: Hey, Mike, more to come on timing of all of our expectation supporting, what I will clarify to be flat to slightly positive, 2020 expectation. However, we all know Barney's is in bankruptcy. We all know IPIC is in bankruptcy. So, it would be safe to assume that we are taking the full brunt of that in 2020.
Mike Mas: Correct. And Linda, we are committed to – we are committed to increase in our dividend annually. We made that statement very clear. I think, we reinstituted the annual growth of around 2014 when we made the pivot from portfolio enhancement. And then what we've also said is, we are be given that low payout ratio that our dividend growth rate would approximate our earnings growth rate.  I would say that flat to slightly positive should translate to a similar amount of dividend growth, although, we do have the flexibility and the capacity to be flexible there. So more to come. But we do anticipate that maintaining that commitment to annual dividend increases.
Mike Mas: Like I said, and I’ll repeat, we like our portfolio. We are – at the same time, we are committed to continued recycling of a small amount. We think that, that pays dividends going forward in our exposure to at risk tenants and in our ability to meet our long-term strategic objectives of growing NOI at 3% or better. So, more to come. But I wouldn't be surprised to see guidance that is in the approximation of what we've done historically which has been in that 1% range.
Lisa Palmer: Hey, Greg, it's Lisa. Just to answer your question, we will be getting full guidance for 2020, all the components of it on our fourth quarter earnings call. And so, at this time we are not giving 2020 guidance. We are certainly not going to – we are certainly not going to dip our toes into 2021 or 2022 or 2023.  But what I can tell you is just reiterate what I said on the call that, we do have confidence that we will return to achieving our strategic objectives and do that over the long-term. We have a lot of visibility to great value-creating projects in our redevelopment pipeline, some that are already in progress and those will – that value will be harvested, the timelines, they take a little bit of time.  And interestingly, we were talking about this earlier today, even just first retenanting some of our anchor boxes, the value creation is also is highly correlated to the amount of time that it's taking to complete these projects. So, we love our portfolio. We love our development platform. We love our balance sheet. And I love our team.  They may not all love me, but – and we are really excited about the future. We think we are really well positioned to continue to be a sector-leading owner, operator, developer of shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: It's over a long-term. It is an average of 3% over the long-term. I don't know that I have the exact number with me. Laura may write it down for me. But I believe that our five year average right now is 3.4% and we had several years that we were north of 4%. So, I do believe it's achievable.
Lisa Palmer: Absolutely not. These are really great projects. And now that we have some enhanced disclosure hopefully that you can see that as well and you can see why we are excited about some of these. And I think, Mac actually talking about them on the call and some of you have even had an opportunity. And we even touched on some others.  Some of you have had an opportunity to visit some of these even or others like Town and Country. We are going to have an opportunity in Atlanta. So there is a lot of really exciting projects. And this is a – it's a marathon, it's not a sprint and we are focused on long-term value creation for our shareholders.
Lisa Palmer: Again, we'll give a lot more detailed guidance in the quarter. But as I said in the prepared remarks that we expect those to be in a similar range.
Lisa Palmer: Gosh, If I knew when the next downturn was going to be, I might not be sitting at this table. I might be somewhere else. These projects are really generational projects and it's especially the redevelopments, right, real estate that we already own. And really high barrier markets, infill neighborhoods and even in what was obviously, right, the second worst recession in our country, in back in 2009, these types – this quality real estate that we own still performed really well.  And so, we don't have our heads in the sand. We know, we realize that there is a lot of clouds out there in terms of economic uncertainty, but these projects I believe will even perform well and withstand what that the economic cycles that we know are coming.
Lisa Palmer: I am going to lead Jim to the water. I want to remind everyone that our shop percent leased is, it's at a pretty healthy level. And I think, 91.5%. 
Lisa Palmer: 91.6%. So, can we increase that and add occupancy, I think we can. But I also believe that of those that have reported, I think we might be the high watermark. So, that's just part of the business. And we've recently did a market showcase in Raleigh and I reminded people that were there that when we are buying a property and we do underwriting and we underwrite renewal rate we essentially say one out of every four tenants are going to fail.  So, that's our business. And the way that we manage that is, very proactively as Jim even alluded to earlier in terms of when people are coming up for renewals, the ones that are kind of standing still, we are really evaluating. Is this a tenant that we think is going to be able to survive and not just survive, but thrive and really drive traffic and energy to our centers.  So, I think that 91.5% and while I do believe that we could increase occupancy, if we kept it flat, I think that that would help meet our expectations.
Mac Chandler: Hi, this is Mac. Thanks for your question. I do agree with that observation that, in fact the market is very tight there. There are very few qualities of the type of quality that we are looking for. We have a very high bar. And you are right, we have been successful buying properties off market, not just this year, but over the last several years.  We've got a track record for that. And I'll just use the Pruneyard as an example. That was off-market. The seller came directly to us based on our reputation and our ability to close quickly and to get our arms wrapped around it. I think an advantage is our 22 markets. We are in the market and we know these properties very well. Circle Marina is another example where we own three centers within half a mile and we've driven past this center for many, many years. It's been on our watch list and we simply approach the owner for many years and we finally came to terms with them. So it really gives us an advantage being out in the markets and having a reputation for being able to close quickly into settle at a price that was agreed upon.
Mac Chandler: That particular one is, is interesting in a sense that we have a 99-year ground lease with an apartment developer, who is going to develop that. And so they'll construct it. They'll own it. We have increases in that rent. So, they have no hesitation on moving forward with the project. We've been working with them for about a year now. We are into the city and we see no reason why that transaction would not close and they would commence rent as agreed upon. So, we keep an eye on it. But certainly our partner and partner in this case being the ground lessee, is – doesn't have any concerns.
Mac Chandler: Sure, Jeremy. This is Mac. One of the advantages of buying a center like, The Pruneyard is it gives us an opportunity to exchange a property that we sell that has an embedded tax gain. And so, we do have a couple properties that we are looking to sell, where we would exchange that gain and park it into the Pruneyard.  However, we don't feel that we are under any pressure to close that sale. But we do have a couple transactions that are out there. And you are right that makes up about the remaining 100 million. And if it works, it's great. But, like I said, we are under no pressure to consummate that. So, we don't usually get into the exact transaction, just details to it. On the buy side we are always in the market. We are always looking for properties. That's how we've been successful in the past and if opportunities that are compelling and meet our high or high bar for quality and income growth come our way, we'll address those as they come.
