Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Brian and Lisa. Like I said, one good year doesn't automatically translate into many. It doesn't define Regency's standard for success. But I'm extremely gratified with what we've accomplished and feel very good about where we're headed. Our team of talented people has worked extremely hard and is poised to have continued success in building shareholder value in 2013. We now welcome your questions.
Martin E. Stein: And said in another way, our routine building improvements should run about $0.55 a square foot. Brian indicated our white boxing in 2012 was $0.60. We expect it to be closer to $0.40 a foot and then we would expect in '14 it would be at an even be lower level.
Martin E. Stein: And also, I want to amplify that a little bit and connect the dots back to Andrew's question about CapEx. The anticipated amount of starts from a redevelopment where we have visible, attractive returns on invested capital is in the neighborhood of $15 million. And that absolutely is a top priority, to the extent we can expand that, that would be great. But we've also, and I think we break that out separately, but we anticipate spending about another $15 million a year over and above routine building improvements where we think that we can enhance the look of the shopping center, do a facade redo and that we think that although the returns aren't immediately visible, that we would expect we're going to get at an even higher lift from our growth and net operating income.
Martin E. Stein: And just in general, I think, as Brian indicated earlier, we're not involved based upon that kind of secondhand knowledge which we are following very closely. The operators of Albertsons have done a good job with that chain, the SUPERVALU people and investors are pretty optimistic about what they can do with the chain. It obviously still is a very competitive industry, it remains to be seen. But I do think that there's a better chance for a turnaround. And there's a lot more clarity there.
Martin E. Stein: And just to reiterate, it is not consistent with our in-fill disciplined future development strategy.
Martin E. Stein: But we would not, just to be clear, we wouldn't sell the primary anchor in the shopping center because we think that's important to the long-term value even though that primary anchor obviously has less growth potential than the side shop and/or some of the secondary anchors.
Martin E. Stein: We appreciate your time and interest in Regency and wish everybody have a great day and a great Super Bowl weekend. Thank you very much.
Brian M. Smith: It all depends. Those are the hardest assets to sell, so it all depends on the demand for them and all. But I would think that we would be out of that in a couple of years.
Brian M. Smith: And then it will be ongoing. There'll always be some assets that will be at the bottom of the portfolio that will be part of the annual recycling process.
Brian M. Smith: A lot of activity, I think, in the last probably 4, 5 months of the year, it was related to people who wanted to sell it before they saw the tax rates go up. And I think that was a definite factor in the increased activity. I'd say, in current environment right now, Christy, it's probably too early to tell. There's been some speculation that people now are not willing to sell because of the higher taxes. But I just -- I don't think there's enough data out there yet to know. So we kind of view it right now as status quo and we are seeing some pretty good opportunities.
Brian M. Smith: I'd say, Jeff, it's specific to Grand Ridge. In fact, this morning I was looking at -- if you look at the 12 ground-up construction projects excluding the redevelopments but including phases on the projects, so that's 12, and the total costs are up across that whole portfolio about 2%, which is $3.4 million and $3.9 million of that is Grand Ridge. So the other 11 properties actually came in $500,000 lower. So what's going on with Grand Ridge -- and Grand Ridge may not end up being $3.9 million because we still have $2 million of the contingency that we didn't tap, we just increased the cost. What's going on in Grand Ridge is that, that's in one of those very, very difficult to entitle markets. I've said this before, but the last property that's developed up there, was developed 20 years ago, that took 12 years to entitle. And what happened is the city just demanded a lot of upgrades that weren't in the original budget. Everything from enhanced lighting, landscaping, expanded plaza, areas and the like. There was a little bit of probably a miss on our part. We originally had the big boxes price -- I think it was $120 a square foot and then our pricing down in northern California for the same tenants came in lower, so we reduced the price when we did the original budget. And in fact, they came in where they were originally targeted at $120. So long answer to a short conclusion, which is it's all related to Grand Ridge.
Brian M. Smith: That was a clever bifurcate. Okay. The -- I'll start the developments. The developments are sourced the way we will always have. And we've got people out in the markets that in some cases have been working on properties for years, trying to get them. And then we do have 400 or 200 acres of land held for development, some of that we'll be tapping. So if you look at what we expect to do in 2013, one of those, and the large one will come out of land held, and all the other ones -- and the one that we've actually been pursuing, working on for 19 years. Other than that, they're all recently sourced opportunities.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. Our white box, which are really driving it, as you said, is related to a lot of things. One, which is the highest volumes of leasing. In 2012, it was $0.60 a square foot and we think in 2013, we'll reduce that by about 1/3, get it down to $0.40 a foot and it will be even lower in 2014. What's going on there is not only have we done a lot of leasing in 2011 and '12 but a lot of leasing was to restaurants which required some upgrades and building renovation, but also a lot of anchor activity, releasing of anchor space, where we had to, in some cases, replace and fix buildings where we you had an anchor in there for 20 years. In some cases, we had to combine small shop spaces to create a much larger space which is very expensive. And then we had several examples of larger spaces being subdivided where you got to do all kinds of work to the building so that's what's really driving it.
Brian M. Smith: This year, we may -- in 2013, we've already got the one going for $8 million, and that's just an example of an older center. This is typical where we're actually going to get over $700,000 of increased revenue from the redevelopment of 2 anchors. We turned down a Walgreens, we turned a Publix in rebuilding. We've also got the Balboa Mesa redevelopment coming, which we acquired last year. And then, I guess, the source going forward as Lisa said, you probably figured there's maybe $15 million that would come from the existing portfolio. But we also have the additional phases of a lot of the developments that when we went in the -- since 2009, we rightsized them. For example, later this year, we would hope to expand the Lee Airport Park in Annapolis, which is 100% leased or close to it. And then we've got the expansion of the Golden Hills property in California. So, and then one other one we'd likely to do at the end of this year would be Woodway Collection where the anchor is at the end of its term and we'll replace the anchor and do a full redevelopment.
Brian M. Smith: We said that one of the other things is although right now, it's just the Whole Foods, the original intent of that, there was an office building on the corner and we were planning on redeveloping that. Either tearing it down, converting it to a drugstore or something like putting out another pad out there. And the entitlement process in Santa Barbara is an incredibly burdensome and lengthy one. And finally, what we ended up doing is selling off the property. So all we were left with, was the Whole Foods, which then went into the operating portfolio.
Brian M. Smith: Well, Fresh & Easy, we assume they're gone. So we're actively in discussions with people, with replacement tenants for those spaces. Unfortunately, we've only got 2 operating and they're both in Northern California and they should be -- there's a lot of demand for those spaces. SUPERVALU, as I kind of indicated in the remarks, really no change. I think we said last quarter that having looked at all the properties, looked at what we could do with them if we got all the spaces back. We felt there are only a handful of ones that might take some time to release. Since then we met with the representatives who share with us their -- the profitability and the sales for all the stores and they were literally just a few that were either at breakeven or at a loss. And one of those is the term expires in 2015 and the rent to $2.60 a foot, so we're more than happy to get that one back. Another one is adjacent to a large retailer who would want to expand in that space. So honestly, there's just a couple, I think, that could be -- we just feel as comfortable as we can be that we're not going to be impacted that much.
Brian M. Smith: The other thing, Jeff, about it, what's interesting is when this was originally underwritten, it was underwritten to be a 700,000 square-foot property. And when the market turned, we built only what was under construction, and that was only 330,000 square feet. So there's 370,000 square feet that didn't even get built for about 37 acres worth of coverage, and I think that's one of the reasons why you're seeing such a big impairment.
Brian M. Smith: They were tenants that appear to have decided to hang on. That's just -- the moveouts are always the hardest thing for us to plan on. We go through space by space and we take a look at what the property managers are saying based on the feedback from talking to the retailers. We look at what we want to do, we look at their sales. At the end of the day, in the fourth quarter, they just did not move out. Now, we wonder does that mean they're going to move out first quarter, and first quarter is not done so I don't have answer for you. But you would think that if they're going to go, they would limp through the holidays, extract as much sales as they could and then move out. But I would tell you right now that the January numbers indicate that they have not moved out and we are way ahead of plan in terms of moveouts for January.
Lisa Palmer: I think, I know, Mike, you've been covering this for a long time. For many years, our strategy has been portfolio enhancement or capital recycling, and to sell what we always said was the bottom 3% of the portfolio every year.
Lisa Palmer: It was most of it. The gains -- on our guidance page anyway, we have one line that we've netted of other transaction costs as well. All of the gains flowed through FFO, but none through core FFO.
Lisa Palmer: And for Deer Springs, as Brian talked about, we do have another 3% of the portfolio that we've identified that we'd like to sell. But as he said, the sale of those is really uncertain. What's different about Deer Springs is that we're -- we think it's more likely than not that we will sell it at some time in the next -- call it next several years, specifically because we want to exit the market and we have accepted that we will take a price at which we've written it down to. And because it's very difficult to manage and lease such a large asset, when we don't have a local office.
Lisa Palmer: I'll let Brian address the CapEx run rate. But first, let me -- we had a lot of noncash expenses this year with preferred issuance cost write-offs. We also redid our term loan and our line and that also was from noncash expenses. So we did cover our dividend this year. I would expect that we're going to be covering it in the future as well. But I'll let Brian answer the CapEx run rate question.
Lisa Palmer: I'll let Brian address the opportunities. We expect that we should be able to do up to about $15 million of redevelopments per year. We'd love to do more but all the stars have to align for that to happen, and so really difficult to get done. But I'll still let Brian talk about what we have coming this year.
Lisa Palmer: And to clarify from a disclosure standpoint, the expansions and redevelopments that Brian was speaking about, we do disclose in our developments status page and we have it down at the bottom. So any expansions that we would do of existing centers would show there, would not be part of the CapEx disclosure. The major renovation CapEx disclosure is on a separate page, but we also -- but we do disclose both in detail.
Lisa Palmer: We've -- it was -- some -- it was completed and moved into the operating portfolio in 4Q of 2011. And so basically, our internal policy -- is if it's sold within 1 year of completion, it would be included in the gain. Remember, Cedrik, we do exclude it from core FFO.
Lisa Palmer: I don't -- I'm not sure -- I'll have to get back to you on '13. In '12, it was -- I think, I believe it was about 20 basis points. Because just as -- remember, Brian talked about it, he gave Woodway as an example. That's one, where we're going to have the anchor down for a period of time. So at the same time that your getting the benefit of those that you're completing, you're being -- you're having the dilution from those that you're taking off-line. We're happy to give you that number. I'll follow-up.
Lisa Palmer: I could go into a much longer discussion on an accounting education, but I don't -- I think it would bore you. But you're adding [ph] impairment, there has to be a trigger basically in this to evaluate, to reevaluate for an impairment and the trigger here was the fact that we believe it's going to be more likely than not that we're going to sell it. That was what changed.
Lisa Palmer: I mean that's in the range we are, right? I mean, if that's what the same property growth of 2% to 3% would assume that -- I mean, that has a range of moveout but as well as our percent lease.
Lisa Palmer: Right. And since I have the floor, and I have a really good team that e-mailed me the impact on redevelopment growth in '13. To answer Cedrik's question, it is approximately 20 basis points.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. We didn't provide exact guidance even at our investor meeting in December. It's one of the most difficult things to forecast, but if you'll recall, at that time, Brian did indicate that we would expect that we would be in the mid- to high-single digits for 2013. There's more pricing power, so that would put us at slightly better than 2012.
Lisa Palmer: Possibly, yes. And in fact, that clearly -- the sale of Paseo del Sol was an opportunistic sale because of -- that it was a cheaper cost of capital than selling our equity at the time, and that's why it's not a coincidence that we didn't tap the equity market in the fourth quarter.
Lisa Palmer: No, not necessarily. And -- but I'll also remind you, too, that we do have this 3% that Brian talked about, which at this time, is a higher priority than some of the limited growth assets. But to the extent that we can sell the limited growth assets in lieu of tapping the equity markets, that's something that we will consider.
