Mac Chandler: Katie, this is Mac in LA. They are having a little bit of technical difficulty, so just give us a moment here.
Mac Chandler: Katy, it looks like the Jacksonville team is going to switch conference rooms. So it'll be just a moment or two.
Mac Chandler: Sure. So we did add some tenants to the cash basis pool, as I indicated. We're up to 29% of our ADR is on a cash basis. However, there are some really positive signs. There our collection rate, as I mentioned, 75%, of those tenants are paying their rent. And that's up from 64%, if you recall from the third quarter earnings call, so really good momentum in that area. And those numbers would then be reflected in both our status quo as is that that number were to remain constant through '21, and then continued improvement that's where you're going to see the continued improvement. It's going to come from our cash basis tenants, and their ability to grow that rent paying percentage.
Mac Chandler: Yes, we're not getting off of our key tenant and key strategy here is to protect that balance sheet and to operate in the low 5 times area. That's where we started in 2019. And, as we define recovery, that is a key portion of that definition, we'd like to return to those levels. We're at 6 times, at year-end, with that much disruption, I think that's a very enviable position, I would imagine. But we're not satisfied with that. So we will continue to look through primarily EBITDA growth organically, and just converting these spaces in these tenants back to rent paying. We'll handle much of that. If you think about our status quo scenario again, just to baseline us, and you go through Q1 towards the question that Katie asked, we could top out on a leverage ratio range in the 6.25 plus or minus range, is what we would see in that scenario, and then obviously amplify that up or down, depending on which scenario actually presents itself. Very comfortable at those levels from a security standpoint, that's why we took down the term loan, that's why we continue to pay our dividend. And we do have a lot of confidence that our recovery will get us back to that low 5 times ratio in due time.
Mac Chandler: Yes, Mike. Definitely they would have been similar. That's what we're seeing. We're seeing really solid pricing in the types of assets we're selling. And the strongest part of that market is small grocery anchored centers, particularly in the open states where there's more transactions, certainly triple net assets, there's tremendous pricing power there. And we've been very pleased at being able to transact. There's buyers out there, they have capital, and they're typically local private buyers who have a lot of experience and know the trade areas and markets.
Mac Chandler: Yes, absolutely. I guess a couple of themes there. We did take our time to go through our projects as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. Really, it only cost us to cease moving forward on a couple of projects. One was the project that we had under contract. And, unfortunately, with the pandemic, the leasing didn't evolve as we thought and we dropped the contract. So we had to write-off some pursue costs, typical any type costs you can imagine. But in the larger context of looking at our pipeline, really the biggest impact is time. Some of these projects have taken us longer to put together. I'll give an example of that, Town and Country is a project that's been in our pipeline. That project has been delayed by about a year. We've had trouble getting our EIR released by the City of Los Angeles, because they're impacted by COVID, just so happens this actual week, it was finally released. So it's taken us some time. The scope of the project, really is very similar to how we planned it, but we've had to push it out a year for that reason alone. But we are looking at other projects, they're in locations that we very much believe in. We really believe in the scope. Of course we're going to challenge ourselves to make sure that what we're proposing is still relevant in a post-COVID world. So I would say we made some minor changes to them, but not significant wholesale changes to them. Because these projects were pretty conservatively scoped to begin with. So we need to make sure we have the right amount of shops, convenience, parking, outdoor dining, the right amount of non-retail uses in those cases where we have it. And we believe that that's still the case. So it was very important for us to do that early in the pandemic. We were in a more of a capital preservation mode. Now that things look more clear we are getting ourselves prepared to start some of these projects, including our Bethesda project, which has now been entitled. And I'll give you one more. Our Costa Verde project, which we've been working on for many years, was finally entitled. They got approved in December without any appeal period. And that probably took an extra year longer than what we thought. But we've made some really good progress and gives us a lot of confidence going forward to get these projects started, when all the little ingredients come together. But the big ingredients are there.
Lisa Palmer: You missed -- I don't know if you heard Mike at all. But he actually started to answer your question while, we're having some difficulties here. Okay, so hopefully we start with relocated, we will not get cut off again.
Lisa Palmer: Thanks, Derek. I'll jump in on that one. I mean, absolutely, we continue and I know that we've talked about this, even in our prepared remarks continue to see really strong correlations, with restrictions being lifted, and foot traffic, and then foot traffic with collections. And so absolutely, we have the data that actually tracks that foot traffic. And in the markets where we've essentially fully recovered foot traffic, the collections are the highest. And so expect as we continue we did see some restrictions lift in California, in the very recent past few weeks, and absolutely believe that that should translate to more foot traffic into our centers, which would translate to upside in our collection numbers out in that market.
Lisa Palmer: And I just want to add, because we're really proud of it. We obviously built the balance sheet intentionally to weather future storms. We've always talked about it. And with maintaining our dividend, we still generate a free cash flow north of $50 million in 2020. And we're really proud of that.
Lisa Palmer: I think, I mean just generally thinking about the neighborhood centers. And for the most part, right, where grocery anchored neighborhood centers. I actually believe that restaurants are their driver, just as much as your growth with their anchors are. And that this trend to even more remote work and people spending more time at home is going to play to our favor. As people are spending more time at home and not necessarily in the downtown CBDs or urban core, they're still going to want to leave their homes. And whether it is to pick up and go or if it's to dine in. I think that we will benefit from that increased traffic at our shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: I do think that based on the volumes that we have already executed and on our pipeline, you can see that there's some optimism and positivity amongst our retailers and all of our tenants to continue to grow. And there's a flight to quality and we're positioned really well to take advantage of that.
Lisa Palmer: Absolutely, which is why I'll say it again, that we're really proud of that and really proud of the fact that we were able to generate that much cash flow in the middle of a pandemic.
Lisa Palmer: We do expect that we will continue to have continued growth, not just as you pointed out in the status quo scenario positive in 2021, if we hit that, but also for the next several years.
Lisa Palmer: If you can answer that question, Linda, I meant there are a lot of people that would pay for your services. It is certainly something that we talk about every day. And Jim just mentioned it, how do we strategically position ourselves to really capitalize on and profit from the need for this micro fulfillment and last mile. Because we do I mean, we own 400 plus shopping centers close to the consumers. And I absolutely believe that the future is the inventory, if you will, of goods needs to be close to the customer. And we are well positioned to play a part in that. And we talk with our retailers. We talk to the other experts in the field, and we continue to do the things necessary to position ourselves for the future. But again, where that goes and how quickly it goes, no one really knows. But I like where we are in the overall kind of universe, if you will, of the fulfillment of goods to customers.
Lisa Palmer: I mean, we really like the markets that we are in. We are already pretty geographically diverse and a national portfolio. And there is even micro migration patterns in some of the higher cost markets, if you will. And we believe that we're going to be able -- we will benefit from that as well, where you're seeing perhaps some migration from the urban core to the suburbs, the first ring suburbs where we are well positioned. So, we will continue. We again like the canvas and we will continue to expand whether it's looking for opportunistic acquisitions or developments in the markets that we are in.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you all. 1:15 Eastern Time on a Friday, I know it's been a really long week. Apologize for the technical issues and have a great weekend. Go visit your local neighborhood shopping center and buy a Valentine's Day gift. Thanks all.
Mike Mas: So, hey, Katie, this is Mike. I'm going to go ahead. I did get your question before we got cut off. I think you were asking about the kind of cadence of NOI going into '21 given our guidance.
Mike Mas: Let me limit my comments to maybe our status quo scenario. And we'll talk about the other scenarios off of that. Obviously Q1 is going to be a difficult comp for us and that status quo scenario, which as you recall would be our fourth quarter in effect replicating itself through the full year of '21. So that would mean we still have a pretty tough comp, expectations in that area would be similar to the growth numbers we've been putting up in the back half of 2020. And then if you think about the what could occur in the other scenario, should they present themselves, obviously that would in a reverse course, that would amplify that to the negative and obviously the other way, within a continued improvement scenario.
Mike Mas: Yes, you have the assumption, right. Again, the easiest way to think about this is status quo. And I wouldn't -- I don't want to call out our base case, but our status quo scenario, which is top of our range, is a Q4 replicating scenario through 2021. And then obviously that and a continuous -- should we see continued improvement that would accelerate from there. If you kind of think about where we are at Q4, which again is I think it's important to grow more sales. And if you were to look through uncollectible lease income, and just think about it as effective rent paying occupancy, which is what we talk a lot about internally. We're at 86% plus or minus. So that is what we're carrying during the status quo scenario, through that midpoint range through 2021. And we'll go ahead and say this, what we see today and what Jim's articulated from a leasing activity perspective and a little bit to Rich's question around, what we're hearing and seeing from the retailers and the other and the service providers and interpreting what scenario they may be behaving under. Our eyes are focused today on the status quo scenario to the continued improvement scenario. However, we presented this reverse course scenario because it's February, it is early. The vaccine is just beginning to roll out. There's these variants. We just can't rule out a reverse course scenario. It's just too soon to do that. But I think it is important for you to hear that where our eyes are focused, it's on the status quo and/or the continued improvement scenario.
Mike Mas: And let me just add to that, Greg, for your benefit. We did, I think, post an 8% of NOI kind of all in CapEx ratio for 2020. That's low. That was intentionally low. When the pandemic hit, we made some moves to preserve some capital, pushed some CapEx projects beyond 2020 into 2021. We do anticipate returning to more normalized levels. So as we recover and more normalized levels would be that 10% to 11% of NOI range, maybe even leaning on the upper end of that, because we will have more space to lease.
Mike Mas: Oh, gosh, there is no comparison. So, if you think again, let me comment on the status quo scenario just to center ourselves in that status quo midpoint level. Again, going back to Q4, so $17 million, $18 million net charge in the quarter for reserves, that's down sequentially, certainly from Q2 and then into Q3, I think we're 40% down from Q3. And then that level, we would anticipate replicating itself through the year as I've kind of repeated today. That's a very healthy level for us, when you consider what our experience was in 2019. And before that, when bad debt charges kind of historically, are in the 50 plus or 50 basis points plus or minus was normal. And you're maxing out at 100 basis point level. So, it's just a completely different universe really.
Mike Mas: Its 86% effective rent paying occupancy as being effect to uncollectible lease income at the end of Q4, 2020. And I think your point is this, if you compare that to February, pre-pandemic, that's about a 700 basis point decline in effective rent paying occupancy that we believe through our recovery will return.
Mike Mas: I appreciate the question, Mike. It does deserve at least another minute. The way what we need -- what I'd asked everyone to do is really kind of break down G&A by years, and then was talk about gross and then we'll just talk about gross and net. So, first, I think it's important to go back to 2019, walk through '20, and then into '21. And what you'll see is that the top line gross revenues '19 to '20 came down, in the pandemic, there were material savings to the company, those savings came in the form of T&E, reduced travel expenditures across our entire platform, conference attended, so on and so forth. We also benefited, I guess, we benefited from a financial perspective by having fewer seats filled, as it was more challenging to hire in that type of environment. And then variable compensation, other compensation all went in line with that. But what's happened in '20, is those savings have been masked or covered up by our development overhead capitalization. And I spoke about this last quarter, probably my fall price should have spent a little bit more time on it. That change in our development pipeline that Mac just articulated, did result in changes to our overhead capitalization as a result. Those changes are masking the savings in '20. So now, fast forward to '21, and in our guidance range, what you're seeing there is a return on the top line. So, those savings in '20 should the economy continue to reopen as we hope and suspect it will, in a status quo/continuing improvement scenario, you'll see those savings start to reverse. And that'll put pressure on the top line. And then overhead capitalization, however, will take longer to recover with the development pipeline that is a longer lead time. We have the same phenomenon occur with us in the GFC coming out of that downturn as well. Last point on G&A on the top line, then if you come back and just think about top line gross G&A '19 versus '21, it's essentially the same. '21 slightly higher, and that's because we are spending a little bit more money on third-party legal, as we work through our tenant negotiations. This is more activity than we've ever had to do in a year. But I think it's good to see that that top line is relatively consistent.
Jim Thompson: Derek this is Jim, I'll take that. I think our philosophy is consistent with how we've always dealt with vacancy and merchandising. Obviously, I think there is a SKU towards healthy lifestyle. So wellness is a great category that we're seeing growth in. Certainly a lot of the existing categories, the better retailers are growing within the footprint that we have today. I'd also like to think as an emerging category, what I call emerging category are some of the typical mall type folks, we mentioned, I think on our last call that we're seeing some of those people that support us West Town [ph], Lululemon, The Gap concepts that are interested in the open air center from the standpoint of pricing, as well as access visibility and merchandising mix. So a little bit business as usual from a mix standpoint, but there are some categories that I just mentioned, I think we've got a particular eye towards.
Jim Thompson: Yes, absolutely. Actually, I'll point you to I'm looking for it, if you look at our as a business update deck we put out last night, it's on Page 11. And we did enhance this disclosure this quarter. And I think really it shows the trend exactly as Lisa described it. You'll see quarter-over-quarter trends in collection rates by region at Regency. And you'll see that the Southeast from the second quarter at 84%, as an example to the fourth that 96%. And that's indicative of the foot traffic and that translate Lisa's identifying together with the relaxed restrictions. The Pacific Coast or West Coast portfolio, although we have improved our collection rate there, the pace of that improvement from it has not been as great and there's a little bit of a sticky, small shop, restaurant, non-essential categories that continue to just have a hard time performing. And when you have these heavy restrictions and sometimes locks on your door, it's a challenge. And that's evidence in itself in our collection rates, we take a lot of comfort in what we're seeing in other markets in the country. And that replicating eventually in our great shopping centers in these great markets on the Pacific Coast. So, we look forward to that post-pandemic. But that's just the point of our guidance. It's uncertain when that will happen. And so that's why we've taken this approach, as we have with our guidance ranges.
Jim Thompson: Craig, I think you're exactly right. It's more of a -- it's not so much a closure now as it is just basically capacity we're seeing in LA, they've reopened the restaurants, and we're hitting. There's a pretty solid pent up demand for folks to get back out in the outdoor setting anyway. Certainly, categories that have been most restricted are going to be the least perceptive at this point I believe to engage in new leasing. The folks that have been open are engaging, are doing new leases. I think when you look at our pipeline of activity as well as executed deals in the last quarter, we're seeing across the country of similar demand as well as executable deal. So, I don't want to beat up on the West Coast too bad. Certainly there are categories that really were hurt badly by I think these mandated closures and capacity restrictions. But the folks that were open are continuing to do business and grow their business out there as well.
Jim Thompson: Yes. I feel like that ballpark numbers is the right ratio and mix for restaurants. I think restaurants are certainly as they continue to morph and react to what consumer demands are, there's always going to be a place for restaurants. The QSRs have done very well, the fast food folks have done very well. And even the full service restaurants in markets that were more open adapted very well during this pandemic to figuring out how to curbside pickup delivery and basically they added a leg to their sales program.
Jim Thompson: Sorry about that. So yes, I believe that the restaurants in that range are that's right number they will move, they will change as retail changes, but we're comfortable there.
Jim Thompson: I think the discussion with retailers is, for the most part, pre-pandemic kind of conversations. We're not seeing wholesale change on term negotiation or big divergence on historical rents and those kind of things. But I think the folks that have done well and are doing well, are continuing to try to grow their business as there's opportunity in the marketplace today, they're going to take advantage of that. We're seeing tenants that are more local in nature, that are finding opportunity in this environment to relocate. And fortunately, we are seeing and being the beneficiary of some of that relocation within a marketplace. Under the scenarios, I think the scenarios would be probably more on the low end reversal and would be more of the wait and see kind of attitude. Things got shutdown, you're going to have more of that. I'm not sure what the future looks like. So I'm not sure I can comment. So again you're going to be in that no man's land. Quite frankly, we're at some of our categories in California, no man's land. And our program has been once we can see light at the end of the tunnel, then we engage and we structure programs that are win-win for our retailer and for us. So I think that'd be the probably the biggest change is if we go backwards, it'll probably stymie some of those categories that have been, again, the most impacted today.
Jim Thompson: Yes. Greg, Jim, again. Exactly right. We had two new anchor deals outsize TIs associated with those. And if you netted those out, we were right back in the $20 square foot, which put us right in line with historical. One was a Burlington back fill of a 30 year old Office Depot space. It finally termed out, so we had some excessive work on that one. And then a national grocer back filled it vacant box in southern Cal. So both of those were little higher than normal TI cost, but excellent replacement merchandising for those two centers.
Jim Thompson: Yes. At the end of the day, I don't expect -- I don't see a change into from where our historical averages have been.
Jim Thompson: I would think the ones we believe in is by far the majority. And I think, if you looked at the West Coast, that's where the majority of that bucket resides. Again, as I mentioned, when there's clarity, we'll clean that up. The folks that pre-pandemic were struggling, that's a very, very small group of folks. And that'll clean itself up in the course of business.
Jim Thompson: I was just saying on the other ones are pushing for rent, that too is a very, very small group of people at this point that just are playing the game.
Jim Thompson: Take the advantage of the situation and that will resolve itself relatively quickly as well, I believe.
Jim Thompson: Ki Bin, I appreciate you asking that. The short answer is yes. We're running about on our local shops, we're about averaging 2% on say 80% of our local deals still have the annual embedded rent steps. And when you blend the anchors in as well, it's about 1.5% on 80% of it. So, yes, we're kind of proud of that. We've been -- that program is in place for a long time and over time, it's a very nice extra bump, if you will to long term NOI growth.
Jim Thompson: I would say lessons learned from the pandemic are certainly the curbside pickup, the last mile delivery. I think all retailers are struggling with this fulfillment issue. And as that morphs, that's something we're certainly going to try to keep our finger on the pulse and make sure that we can react and create the environment that helps support our tenants as they're building, as their business morphs. But those kind of things I think are the biggest long term changes that I see in the business are lessons learned and pandemic, I think, drive throughs how critical they were, the ability for a lot of these restaurants for that outdoor space that's here to stay, the ability to have easy access for the Starbucks of the world where they can people can get in, get out because it's more pick up than it is sit and stay for a while. So that whole shift in the business, I think is something that we need to continue to morph and modify. Where we're able, our centers to accomplish and accommodate some of those new changes.
