Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Brian and Lisa. I want to close by mentioning 2 remarkable milestones that we celebrated last year. 2013 was Regency's 50th year in business and its 20th year as a public company. We've grown by a good bit since then, since the company was founded and went public and we are only 1 of only 18 REITs out of the 45 in the class of 1993 that are still around. Most important of all, we are proud of Regency's total annual shareholder return of nearly 12% since our initial public offering, which has outpaced both the REIT and shopping center indices. In the 50 years since the company was founded and the 20 years since we went public, we've made monumental strides in building Regency. Learning as we grow, adapting to change, sharpening our strategy, delivering value and doing what is right. We've done so by always keeping the best interest of our 4 constituencies in mind: our people, our communities, our retail customers and our shareholders. By staying true to these values, I'm confident that our company will flourish for another 50 years. We thank you for your time and now welcome your questions.
Martin E. Stein: A couple of follow-up comments in that regard. Number one, in spite of the additional competition both comments relayed, we still think that we can get our fair share. We're well positioned to do that at -- in the range of 8% returns that we're projecting. Not all are going to be -- achieve that, but we think we can get pretty close to that. Secondly, from a supply standpoint, which I think is equally as important, even though we would expect supply to -- supply right now is less than 1% of the historic stock -- of the stock. That's about 1/3 of historic standards. And even though supply may increase, and development may increase, I think it will still continue to be well, well below historic standards.
Martin E. Stein: So it would either in effect be the same cap rate maybe 50 to 100 basis points higher, but that's...
Martin E. Stein: And they're merchandising their space much better than they had in the past, more sophisticated operators.
Martin E. Stein: We thank you for your interest, your participation and hope you guys that are in snow-affected areas be safe, and take care. Have a great day.
Brian M. Smith: Sure. Southern California -- California is really -- continues to be I think a tale of 2 states. You've got Coastal California and you've got non-coastal. Coastal California, which is where virtually all of our assets are, is really on fire. And if you look at Northern California, in particular, I think we are 97% leased there, very strong, and I would say that's pretty much true with Southern California as well. With, again, the non-coastal California, it is improving. But right now, Sacramento and the Central Valley would remain weaker markets, although they have significantly improved. Texas is a large market. Texas is one of the -- all of the markets in Texas are outstanding markets. Austin, Houston leading the way, but Dallas is also strong. And then, Florida, which has lagged, has really started coming on of late. Northern Florida is a little bit weaker than the rest. But all of Florida overall has made great strides over the last several quarters.
Brian M. Smith: I think we are getting close. We are starting to run into competition like we haven't done before. We competed, for example -- well, I would say that the developments we're starting to see competition on are pretty limited to California, Texas, Washington D.C. But even in those markets, there's been good competition. We went after -- participated in an RFP in Northern California and there were 12 respondents to it. Now a lot of those were small and I think we fare really well on those types of things, but we've lost some properties, some opportunities lately. So we're starting to see developers again for the really good assets take-on risks that they hadn't been willing to do before. We're seeing a lot of hard money put up on day 1 of the contract execution. We're seeing returns, in some cases, spread over what people perceive the exit cap rate to be, so it would -- could be sub 7%. And you're seeing, particularly in Texas, in the really hot market like Houston, people not only saw them for low returns but being willing to close on 30 days without entitlements and anchors. So you're starting to see it. Overall, I know the construction industry is forecasting 10% increase in starts. I don't know if that's true or not, but we are seeing more activity.
Brian M. Smith: If you look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it can be fairly choppy. But it shows the continual increasing trend over the last many quarters. So we think the environment is very positive, to continue that positive trend. And as I said, there may be some choppy quarters both above and below the trend line really based on anchor tenants. And -- but I think it's driven by strong fundamentals. Not only are we greater than 95% leased with a lot stronger portfolio than we used to have, but Hap pointed out that supply growth remains almost nonexistent and the retailers are getting more aggressive. So it's broad-based. We're seeing it in almost all of our leases, the rent growth. Just -- I think we've only got one target market that experienced negative growth this past year, and it was less than 1%. And the weaker market, as I mentioned also, Florida is starting to pick up. So we believe we can get to our historic level of double digits and continue this positive trend.
Brian M. Smith: It turned out to be really good for us. We've got -- as you know, there's 6 operating Dominick's that we have up there. Four of the leases were purchased and 1 is very, very close to being finalized. So 5 and 6 will have replacement grocers. Whole Foods, as you mentioned, bought 1, and then Mariano's bought 3. The other one, we are pretty certain to it, but I'd rather not say until we know for sure. And what we will do is -- Whole Foods and one of the Mariano's will be redevelopment. And the Mariano's that's taken the Dominick's will be about 90,000 square feet and will take that rent up significantly. And the other one, the Whole Foods redevelopment, Whole Foods rent will stay flat for the remaining of term that was -- still in that lease, the Dominick's lease, which is about 12 years or so, and then it'll jump up probably 2x. But in the meantime, as part of the redevelopment, Whole Foods will use all of its money, demise the existing store, build themselves brand new, and do a facade renovation and create a 12,000-square foot junior anchor next door to them,which we should be able to re-lease that at significantly higher rent than the underlying Dominick's lease.
Brian M. Smith: Sure. We're seeing a lot of leasing with the grocers and a lot of that's going on with your specialty grocers. If you look at just our development and redevelopment work that we're doing right now plus some re-tenanting, we're working with 37 new grocers. So we're seeing a lot of that. The food or -- the restaurants, yes, the restaurants we've got it looks like 113,000 square feet net add this past quarter from the restaurants. And what's going on there is just the restaurants, in many ways, are becoming the new anchors, which you'll hear. And they're not all doing well, but fast casual is white-hot right now. And the reason for that really is just the time becomes such a precious commodity, and so those restaurants are doing well. On the other hand, kind of the traditional family dining, the Macaroni Grill, the Ruby Tuesday and all of those, they are not faring very well. And I think you're going to see some closures in that sector. Anything that has healthy living associated with it in the food group is also hot. So overall, I think you're going to see continued amount of restaurant strength, particularly among the fast casual and the healthy lines. And then the strength in the grocery sector remains, especially grocers.
Brian M. Smith: [indiscernible] I'm sorry. Do you want me to follow up and tell you about the portfolio or did you just want to do another...
Brian M. Smith: Okay, all right. So we kind of talked about 315,000 square feet, it's just with 3 properties in Fairfield. Two of the properties are on the main drag, right in the middle of the city. And it truly is kind of a "live, work, play" environment where the entire town congregates around those properties. The portfolio is almost 100% leased. It's 99.6%. Great market, extraordinary trade barriers, high occupancy rate. And what we like about this is, is it lines up with exactly the kind of properties we want to buy, dominant infill retail that has unique competitive advantages and the ability to merchandise to best-in-class retailers and restaurants. And this one has some truly great restaurants and retailers where people just -- it connects very strongly with the community. The one thing I think that makes this particularly special here is that even though it's downtown urban retail, it has plenty of self-contained parking. Actually, if you look at the downtown properties, it's 5.2 spaces per thousand, which is better than a lot of retail that you get even in the suburbs. So a lot to like about it.
Brian M. Smith: It does, Rich. We -- I'm not sure our data is perfect on this. But if you look at the statistics, what it would tell you is since 2007 the amount of nationals and regionals is -- in the portfolio is a lot higher. And that today, we're doing probably 20%, 25%, it would say, local tenants. But the problem with the local tenants designation is you could have a restaurant like we have here in Jacksonville, Mellow Mushroom, which may have 3 very successful locations and it's considered local. If you talk to the field, what you would hear is that almost never will we, and it may not have an almost in that, we just do not take flyers on start-up businesses where somebody doesn't have experience. So any local is going to have at least one other store and likely a whole lot more. What was the second part, Rich? I'm sorry about that.
Brian M. Smith: That's been a trend for the last few years as you are seeing more and more that I think a demographic shift in the country is demanding it. And the dentists, the chiropractors, all those things, they want the same things that you have in the shopping centers, the good visibility, the convenient parking, have traffic at your front door as you go into the grocery store. They are representing a good amount of leasing in our portfolio today.
Brian M. Smith: I think it's harder to -- and think it's harder to differentiate which one is a better operator, one dentist versus another, whereas, I think in the retail and restaurant world we have a real good idea on that. But what we do like about those users is they put a lot of money into those spaces, which we think is going to result in minor leases or reduced downtime and turnover.
Brian M. Smith: Well, first of all, I think if you look at 2013, you have to be careful in concluding that there was a deceleration in the second half of the year. I think unlike most prior years, you have to look at the full year number as opposed to the discrete quarters. And the reason for that is, there were some timing differences in the first 2 quarters, which elevated those numbers at the expense of the second half of the year. So 4% is really, I think, how you have to look at it. But going forward, we said all along that our goal is 3% same-property NOI growth, and we still feel very comfortable with the components. The rent growth we've talked about, we think we can take that from the high single digits into the double digits. And the rent steps, we're getting the embedded steps of about 1.3% or so. So the 2 of those combined get us to about 2.5% of the 3% we're looking for. In terms of occupancy, I think we've mentioned in the initial remarks, maybe less lift, but we still have all the pre-leasing that has to move into occupancy. And right now, we're doing a lot more leasing of the space that has been vacant for more than 12 months, so we're going to get some lift from that. And then after that, there's miscellaneous income, other ways we can grow it. But we feel pretty good that we should be able to get to the same 3% that we've strived -- that's been our target and there's not a deceleration going on.
Brian M. Smith: I don't think the rent growth is going to be high from the things that have been vacant for a long time. But we're going from 0 rent to rent. So that's what's going to drive a lot of the same-property NOI growth there. In terms of the spread, it's all a function of what comes vacant. I mean, I can tell you right now, we've got 36 RadioShacks, and I think you've heard that there's going to be 500 store closings and we've looked at every one of those 36 and we see only 1 rolling back And we've got rent growth in there as high as 70%, 75% on some of them. Overall, probably 15% higher. But then Mariano's, as I told you about, I mean, talking about taking rents on a very large space from mid single digits well, well into double digits. So those kind of things provide plenty of rent growth and really the benefit lease stuff has been baking for 12 months is more same-property NOI growth.
Brian M. Smith: When we look at historical change in occupancy quarter-by-quarter, and the first quarter is always the worst, right? It averages about 25 basis points drop in occupancy whereas the other 3 quarters were all positive. So I think as we get our budget at the end of last year and our guidance, we have taken into consideration that seasonal factor. So what I would say is that, last year, that negative 25 basis points never materialized. We're actually positive 10 basis points, and what we've seen so far this quarter, and it doesn't mean it will continue, but we've seen so far this quarter is that a lot of the move-outs are not materializing and we're tracking much better than expected.
Lisa Palmer: And I'll -- I'd add, I think one of the things that's governing that -- and we recently met with one of our banks, this is a very large lender in the real estate industry, and they're still requiring quite a bit of equity from developers. Regency obviously is very well positioned and has competitive advantage versus some of the private, smaller guys. They're looking -- they're loaning to cost, not to value, and requiring 25% to 50% of equity, depending on that developer's balance sheet.
Lisa Palmer: We will always plan to sell properties to fund our developments. I don't think -- it's not prudent to have a business model that depends on issuance of equity. So our business model is our dispositions. It'll be lower-growth properties, which are the non core. And as the quality of those lower-growth non core properties improves, the spread between what we're selling and what we're developing will actually widen. So instead of selling properties at a 7% cap rate and developing at an 8%, we should get closer to selling to a 6% and developing at it -- or at least a 200 basis point spread even if cap rates move one way or the other. So that's how you should think about it beyond 2014 as a source of funding for our developments. And then to the extent that we have opportunity for great acquisitions, again, we would look first to our pool of properties that we could sell at a comparable cap rate but at a lower growth, so that we're, in essence, enhancing our future growth rate of the portfolio.
Lisa Palmer: I'll let Brian talk about the assets. I'll answer the latter part of your question first. My response to Jay is similar, is that you have to think about our dispositions, our funding, our developments. So the disposition cap rate of 7% and 7.5% is funding developments of approximately 8%. To the extent that we -- and Fairfield was really in our guidance of 2013 acquisitions, so that was already prefunded. We have cash sitting on the balance sheet ready to deploy -- to buy that asset. For 2014, any acquisition that we identify, we will then increase the dispositions guidance. And again, as we've said in our prepared remarks, in this case, we identified an asset in Austin, Texas for approximately $25 million, so we increased our acquisitions guidance by $25 million on top of Fairfield, and then our dispositions guidance by $25 million. The assets we will identify for that additional $25 million will have a cap rate comparable to what we will pay for the asset in Austin. So -- and that acquisition guidance is in the 5% range.
Lisa Palmer: Zero. Yes. We're going to -- the goal is to identify assets with lower growth than our comparable cap rates. We will not have dilution from acquiring assets. It should be accretive. It should be neutral to the current year and accretive to future years because of the higher growth rate.
Lisa Palmer: If you look at our same-property percent leased guidance of 94.5% to 95.5%, we did lose some of the junior anchor space. So some of that pickup from occupancy from here will come from there. But I would say that for the most part, it's going to be about 75% of the -- occupancy pickup is going to be coming from the small-shop space.
Lisa Palmer: We finished this year at, call, approximately 40 bps of our revenues and the health of the portfolio is really strong that we would expect it to be consistent.
