Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Lisa, and good morning. As Brian and Bruce will discuss in more detail, we made significant progress during the first quarter toward achieving our key objectives in all aspects of the business. Operating fundamentals are definitely trending positively. We ended the quarter at 93.6% leased. Same property net operating income was up by more than 4%. Move-outs and bad debts are at prerecession levels. Leasing demand remains robust, including small shop space, and we're starting to experience some pricing power. While we're gratified by these results, it is still early in the year. We are keenly focused on building on this positive momentum, especially growing base rent and doing the heavy lifting needed to firmly re-establish Regency's long-term NOI growth rate at 3% or more. We're gaining traction on the sale of targeted nonstrategic assets and the potential progress is encouraging. Regarding recycling that capital into acquisitions, we're seeing some opportunities to buy dominant centers with excellent growth prospects in Regency's 2 dozen target markets. Given the intense amount of competition, buying great assets is one of the most challenging aspects of our plan. In any event, as we've shared with you, we intend to be a net seller in 2012 in order to modestly reduce leverage and increase financial flexibility. Our post-recession developments, redevelopments and expansions are performing well. As a matter of fact, in excess of our underwriting. We're on track to achieve returns in excess of 9.5% on the $200 million of incremental capital for the projects started after January 2009. As supported by our preferred stock transactions, almost $600 million of capacity on the line of credit and term loan and mortgage refinancings in our co-investment partnerships, we have the capability to take advantage of all facets of the capital markets spectrum. And we will continue to opportunistically improve upon a balance sheet that is already in solid shape. Now I'll turn it over to you, Bruce.
Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, Bruce. Before I close, I'd like to take a moment and comment on Regency Centers' new brand. You may have noticed the new logo and brand identity when you opened the press release and supplemental. When I boil it down, the new brand is centered around Regency Centers' core beliefs that have been part of our DNA for 50 years, particularly 2 of Regency's key advantages. First and foremost, our people. A talented team of professionals that is endeavoring to create value for our customers and investors. And secondly, and second, the portfolio of dominant shopping centers that are merchandised to our customers. High-performing grocery anchors and best-in-class local, regional and national retailers. I believe it is these advantages, along with our other core values, that will enable Regency to be a preeminent company and industry leader for the next 50 years. In closing, while it is still early in the year and much still needs to be accomplished, it certainly feels like we are on track to meet our objective for 2012, and as important, position Regency to sustain profitable future growth. We appreciate your time, and we'll now take your questions.
Martin E. Stein: Our plan, in answer to your second question, our plan would be a net seller in the $50 million to $150 million range, so to the extent that we pick up or sell more dispositions than is in current guidance, we would try to increase the amount of properties that we're buying. So we're actively out there looking to find opportunities that meet our criteria, and in our 2 dozen markets and our great shopping centers with excellent growth prospects. I think we've mentioned in the past to the extent that we can effectively and efficiently accelerate and expand our disposition program in a way that makes sense, we would do that. And I think there's reasonable prospects that might occur.
Martin E. Stein: And I just want to clarify. I thought I heard that you might have said, maybe I misunderstood, that 83%, but we're over 85% in spaces under 5,000 feet.
Martin E. Stein: Our primary focus is on selling nonstrategic assets. There were partnership reasons that made it make sense to sell the San Pedro asset. But it will be across the board, centers that we don't feel are strategic -- the -- or that are consistent with our strategy long-term, we're going to be trying to sell.
Martin E. Stein: But just as Brian has pointed out, the good and the bad, a meaningful portion of those projected move-outs are planned and strategic. I mean we're talking 50% to 60%. So they're known. So I'd be surprised if there was much...
Martin E. Stein: 91% is where the -- 91%, 92% is where it's been. And I think we've been pretty straightforward that our objective is 90% in order to get to 95%. And I think that we're going to make progress -- we're making progress -- I would -- it might -- I don't think we'll get there by the end of this year.
Martin E. Stein: For something to have -- pay less than a 6% cap rate, it better have a very nice growth profile. And that's the key thing, it's what's the total return of going into it plus growth.
Martin E. Stein: It's hard to find, unless you got a redevelopment, a lot of shopping centers with that kind of growth profile. We're looking for growth rates that are going to average in the 2.5% to 3% range, under very vigorous underwriting.
Martin E. Stein: We appreciate your time and wish everybody to have a great rest of the week and great weekend. Thank you very much.
Lisa Palmer: I'm sorry, Quentin, very quickly, let me add. The timing difference in terms of why the growth then may be much less or lower in the second quarter is the fact that more of our reconciliations had been completed. And so it's just the reconciliation timing difference is what's going from 4% to the 2%. It's over the comps of last year.
Lisa Palmer: And I think also if you'll recall back in December at our Investor Day, we did get that question, and we moved several to the same property pool that, to your point, Quentin, had a bit of upside left in it. And we estimate that it contributes approximately 25 basis points to same property NOI growth. And as Brian said, everything is on track.
Lisa Palmer: And also, by adding the fund assets to the disposition plan, although they're not on the market yet, our hope would be that they would trade even below the range that we've disclosed. So that had a little bit of influence in bringing it down as well. They're pretty high-quality assets.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, just the timing. The range for move-outs that basically coincide with the 2% to 3.25%, is 1.4 million to 1.6 million square feet, and that's on 100% basis.
Lisa Palmer: To the extent that we do better than that and to the extent that we hit our leasing objectives, yes. We need both.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. We potentially, for our banks that are on the line, we have already discussed this with them. We could potentially extend the delayed draw feature.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. As we have more visibility to -- for the rest of the year for the execution of the capital recycling as, I believe, Brian or Hap mentioned, we would expect, given our guidance, to be a net seller of somewhere between $50 million to $150 million. If we're in that range, then it's likely that we would draw down the term loan at some point before the end of the year. If dispositions gets much further ahead of acquisitions, then we would not.
Brian M. Smith: I can talk to the progress, Quentin. If you look at the same properties that were in process of last quarter and compare them to this quarter, we gained 220 basis points. If you look at the same properties that were in process a year ago to now, it's up 570 basis points. So I think we are making really good progress. We expect that the ones for this year that are currently in process will get to 91% by the end of the year. So generally, by the time we sign leases on the development properties that have moved into the operating portfolio, you're talking really 3 to 6 months before that NOI starts coming in.
Brian M. Smith: The small shop leasing was up across the board. I think I mentioned in the comments that it was up 50 basis points for the quarter and almost 300 basis points for the year. We had occupancy gains in all of the sectors. But the small shops, I think outperformed. I think the small shops in general, no matter what metric you look at, they're strong and they are better than last year. The tenants are experiencing sales increases across the board. As a result, we're hearing from our leasing people and property managers that they're more confident. They're expressing long-term optimism, which we hadn't heard before, and that there's now a sense of urgency. The move-outs are abating. We mentioned that in the comments that they're largely strategic, about 50% of the move-outs we're doing now is because we've got multiple retailers in line for spaces. We can terminate the weaker tenants and start moving them in. Rent growth is positive for small shop. So all in all, it's looking good.
Brian M. Smith: I think I mentioned that we, subsequent to quarter end, we closed on the sale of 2 properties, sub-6 or about 5.8%, 5.9% cap. So that was part of the reason. But I think there is a strengthening market. It has been strong and remains very strong for the institutional quality A properties. And there's always been demand for the Cs where there's lot of outside. Where we are seeing a change in this quarter is in the mid-tier, the kind of B-level properties, there's much more demand than there was in the past there. I think in those kind of properties, our buyers are looking for about 150-basis-point lift. So if they buy it at 9% cap, they want to get that down to 7.5% or so. But there is increased demand, and we did have those 2 sales which lowered the cap rates.
Brian M. Smith: Hap mentioned our top 24 markets. And of those 24 markets, we had 15 of them that experienced same-store NOI growth greater than 4.5%, and we experienced 11 that had same-store NOI growth greater than 7%. And those would include markets like Chicago, Miami, Los Angeles, Orange County, D.C., Atlanta, Dallas, Denver. So pretty much most of our top markets, we're experiencing that kind of growth. We had a couple markets in our top 24 that were -- did not perform that well. For example, Palm Beach, Portland and Raleigh. But in those cases, there was something going on. In the case of Palm Beach, we have a redevelopment where we took our Winn-Dixie anchored center, we terminated the lease with Winn-Dixie. So we've lost all the NOI, but we did that because we're moving Publix from across the street into a brand-new store. So that's going to be long-term very good news. And then in Portland, it was really driven by one large vacancy of Sports Authority, which we subsequently released to Best Buy.
Brian M. Smith: Yes, the average rents that we got there, of course, include anchors, which may have long-term and you don't know if they're going to be actually rolling. When I looked at the average leases signed in the quarter, the shop space was about $25 and the anchor was about $11. If you take our historic 70-30 blend on that, that's about $21 a foot. And if you compare that to the expiring leases for this year, 2012, they're in the mid-$19 range. So I think overall, we're in pretty good shape. And again, if you look at, which I mentioned in the earlier comments, if you look at our rent growth, a significant amount of the leasing came from the 2007, late 2006, early 2008 era. And those rents were all positive. So the fact that we're getting through this period with positive rent growth and the fact that our average rents have been increasing and are now on a blended basis higher than our expiring, feel pretty good. You never know what's going to happen on an individual deal, which as we saw with the Kimco results, one deal can move the needle. But overall, feel pretty good.
Brian M. Smith: Well, 2 questions. Regarding the guidance, something can always knock these projects off, but I think we will be at the high end of the guidance for the developments. One of the large ones that we're working on just received its entitlement approval yesterday. So I think we will be there. Just in terms of the environment, there is more development starting to surface, more opportunities. I would say it's limited to the stronger markets, kind of the gateway markets and where there are legitimate projects with the kind of anchors and everything that we're looking for and the kind of markets, we are seeing increased competition from well-established private companies. It really comes down to the demand from the small shops and the rents that they can project. If you look at our property Northgate up in Oregon, our second phase that we have tremendous demand for more anchors than we can possibly accommodate. The problem is, we are not comfortable adding anymore, not very much more shop space there. And therefore, we're having trouble making it pencil. But in your gateway markets, we're definitely seeing more opportunities.
Brian M. Smith: We were about -- first quarter, I think we ended up about 110,000 square feet, fewer move-outs than what we had budgeted. Frankly, in going into the second quarter, in the first month, we're seeing about the same amount of reduced move-outs. So we go through this on a re-forecast process and go tenant by tenant. And whereas we think these things are going to have to move out, we're getting some positive surprises. So I don't know if that's just a delay or if in fact we are going to see fewer move-outs at the end of the year.
Brian M. Smith: Well, I might take a little exception there. If you look at the last few quarters, 2011, the last 3 quarters of leasing were the 3 highest we've ever had. So even though the fourth quarter was lower than second and third, it was still in the top 3 of anything we've ever signed. And then this quarter, it would look -- it is lower. It looks kind of like an average quarter when you go back historically. But again, the first quarter is the weakest quarter we always have in terms of move-outs, absorption and new -- or total leasing. And if you look at this quarter compared to prior first quarters, we're ahead in all those categories. We're way ahead in move-outs. We're way ahead in absorption and we're ahead in total leasing.
Brian M. Smith: Yes, Jim, the example I gave was kind of unique to Medford because that's the market where we aren't comfortable putting in a lot more small shops. But I would say, as we move -- as we look for developments in more of the urban, kind of gateway markets, we don't have that same kind of problem with the small shops. I think when you start developing -- as we do developments in those markets, you're probably going to see a lot more competition, and you're going to see returns are a little bit lower. But in terms a of 3- to 5-year plan, we are looking for -- we're staffed to do anywhere between $150 million to $200 million a year. And if I look at our pipeline, you know what the guidance is right now. I think we're going to get the high end of that. And we have projects in the works for next year that would take us potentially a lot higher than that. In terms of how close we are to really seeing it ramp up, I think we are starting to see it. As I mentioned, we're starting to see more competition. We're not seeing it from your new, small, undercapitalized developers. You are seeing it from the guys who've been, who are private, who've been around a long time. On the East Coast, it's Eton, it's JBG. On the West Coast, it's the Irvine Company. Those kind of companies. And they're aggressively competing with us right now for the best projects.
Brian M. Smith: I think the anchors are, especially for the kind of locations we're talking about. For example, Dick's. Dick's has historically been a second-generation space user and we're doing multiple projects with them with brand-new developments. So I think that's an example of where, to your point, Jim, they can't get the stores, they got the open to buys and they are going with new developments and paying the rent they need to.
Brian M. Smith: I think it's in the headline rents. I don't think that our cap -- our white boxes and our TIs are out of whack. We look at that every quarter. And while our total TIs are up, although I think they're down this quarter, it's because of the increase in leasing. But if you look at it on a per square foot basis for just the tenants that we're giving TI packages to, it's very consistent. In fact, we've been in a several quarter downtrend on it to the point where I was wondering if we were being a little bit stingy. But historically, we're right in line. So I don't think you're going to see packages coming down materially.
Brian M. Smith: It's 220 basis points. So we've got -- I think it was -- yes, it was 220 basis points. So I think 170 of that is tenants that haven't moved in this space and 50 of it is tenants who have moved in and are waiting to pay rent. They're doing their build-out and everything and it will soon start.
Brian M. Smith: A little bit of both. We are making good progress in our land held. I think since first quarter of 2011, we've gotten rid of 128, put it either sold or put in production, 120 acres. As I look at our pipeline for the rest of this year and even for next year, it is mostly new properties.
Brian M. Smith: We are hearing that there is. I don't know the terms. But I definitely know that a lot of the smaller developers who have been out the game for the last few years, depending on the property, depending on what's behind their guarantees and all, can get financing.
Brian M. Smith: Well, a couple of things there. So we're talking how are they doing and how are they feeling versus financing. I'll start with the financing. We said for some time, and it remains true, that our leasing is not to anybody that is putting financing contingencies on there. They are well capitalized. We're hearing there's plenty of private equity out there for them. So all these tenants that we're dealing with are well capitalized. In terms of why they're doing better, why they're more optimistic, it really comes down, I think, to several things. First of all, we have been, over a 3-year period, consistently moving out our weaker players and putting in strong operators. So I think you have a higher-quality tenant across the board. Second of all, there's less competition out there. Third, you are seeing much better sales. And I think it's the sales, more than anything, and the margins, that are making these guys bullish. They've been able to -- we heard over the last 6 months, they're actually able to start raising prices now. So it's really the fundamentals of their business, the fact that these are the tested operators and that there's just not that much competition. And finally, there's not any -- there's very little new growth out there. So it's not like they're having new competitors pop up all around them.
Brian M. Smith: The way we look at it is, on a portfolio basis, we measure not only AR is greater than 90 days as a percent of revenue, and that has really fallen, continues to fall. It's now below 0.4%, whereas before it was up around 0.5% -- I mean, it was about 1.5% at one point, wasn't it? So we're seeing it across the board. We also measure just people who are delinquent in various different categories, those have all been declining. Certainly, if you go to different markets, you're going to find that not to be the case. We're going to find more stress in markets like Arizona and Phoenix. Whereas if you go to Houston, we had 0 move-outs last year -- I mean, sorry, last quarter. So I think we can generalize that they're healthy all the way across the board. But it's going to depend on individual tenants and in individual markets.
