Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Mac. Good morning, everyone. I am again pleased with the results this quarter. As Hap mentioned, the critical ingredient of our winning strategy is the quality of our portfolio. Highly productive anchors and great locations together with the team's focus enable us to merchandise to best-in-class retailers. This proven combination drives pricing power, percent leased and in turn, NOI and earnings growth. The result of our efforts are evident in our numbers again this quarter. Same-property NOI grew by 3.4%, with base rent once again as the primary contributing factor. Full-year same-property NOI guidance remains unchanged, though, as we do expect growth to moderate throughout the second half of the year as we face higher comps from rent-paying occupancy and as we begin to feel the impact of previously announced bankruptcies. Regarding these bankruptcies, our leasing teams are working diligently on replacing these tenants with more productive operators. We already have some good news to report at our location in Northern California where Target has acquired the former Sports Authority space, resulting in no down time and no loss of rent. We're excited about this clear upgrade for the center. Another factor expected to impact the second half of the year is the large-scale transformation of one of our centers near Aventura Mall in Miami. Most of the tenants at this location will be offline as we scrape and rebuild the center which will feature a podium format Publix with parking underneath. Although we will experience loss of NOI in the near term, this renovation will add substantial value and future NOI growth to our portfolio in the long run. The leasing environment continues to be robust with shop spaces in the same property portfolio at 92.4% leased, an increase of 40 basis points sequentially. In fact, shop space fundamentals have been strong all around, with rent growth at 12% in the last two quarters. We find these trends to be highly encouraging and positive indicators of the leasing environment and tenant health. Turning to Capital Markets, our ability to create meaningful value for our shareholders through disciplined capital allocation is a key component of our strategy. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing several transactions we've executed since May which further underscores the enviable position that Regency is in today. In the interest of time, I'll just quickly touch on the highlights and ask that you please refer to the press release for more details. First, we settled a portion of our forward equity offering to acquire Market Common Clarendon and Klahanie Shopping Center. Second, we issued $400 million of equity that will allow us to eliminate high coupon debt in mid-August. And finally we expanded our term loan by $100 million, taking our line of credit balance to $0. Most importantly, these actions have significantly improved our current long-term projections of key performance metrics, including growth and earnings, dividends, free cash flow and a sector-leading net debt to EBITDA which is currently well below 5 times, offering incredible flexibility to enhance Regency's performance even further.  Before turning it over to Q&A, I'll touch on the guidance changes that are detailed in our press release and supplemental. We revised our full-year NAREIT FFO guidance to a new range of $2.71 to $2.76. This incorporates the one-time charges from the early redemption of our 2017 bonds and the settlement of our forward starting slots. In addition, we raised core FFO guidance to a new range of $3.22 to $3.27 per share, driven by increases from our recent acquisitions and interest savings from our bond redemption.  In closing, I'm extremely gratified by the accomplishments our team has achieved, positioning Regency to sustained growth and shareholder value. Thank you for listening and we now welcome your questions.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. I think that pursuing a more conservative balance sheet isn't new. I hope that we've been delivering that message for the past several years, that we've really worked towards improving the balance sheet. The most important thing is to ensure that we have a well laddered profile. And we now don't have any significant maturities until 2020. So that's really important, but then secondly, to maintain a net debt to EBITDA below 5 times throughout the cycle. So when we can take advantage of being much lower than that so that we have the flexibility to really be offensive and act on opportunities if they present themselves at a time when the markets aren't as open and aren't as cheap, then that's the position we want to be in. And as we're today. So we absolutely want to be conservative. And long term we'd like to average around 5 times.
Lisa Palmer: No, Christine. We actually don't have a set time. We would like to use that for new investments. We have until June of next year to settle it. It is not incorporated into our guidance.
Lisa Palmer: I think that we've been active over the past two years with acquisitions. So there has been more opportunities than meeting our investment criteria. We certainly haven't been successful on every opportunity that we've pursued. And in fact I think probably for every 10 we may underwrite and look at, we're probably successful in 1 or 2 of them. So we continue to see opportunities, although there's no guarantee that we will be the successful bidder. To the extent that we can get --
Lisa Palmer: Or decide to buy. To the extent that we can see off-market opportunities which are really hard to come by, they typically come through relationships. So for every maybe 50 we look at, 1 is a true off-market opportunity. Those are the best. And we will continue to try pursue those. The way we think about our cost of capital, especially now that we've already raised some and we have -- we do have capital available to buy, we're targeting unlevered IRRs in the 6% to 6/2% range which is lower than it was three years ago.
Lisa Palmer: I'm not sure. I think of bps in terms of same-property NOI growth. And Jim may have the actual NOI number. But I think it's about 15 basis point impact to same-property NOI. So it's significant.
Lisa Palmer: Let me answer kind of big picture and how it's impacting our numbers. And then I'll let Jim talk about the actual real estate. So we did have one move out. And again, he can add color to this. We had move one out the end of the quarter. So, that impacted our percent leased as of period end. We hadn't experienced any NOI loss yet year to date. So we do expect bankruptcies to have a negative 50 basis point impact to our same-property NOI growth in the second half of the year. So when you weigh that with the Sports LA, Eastern Mountain Sports bankruptcies and other smaller ones, the impact of bankruptcies on the full year, on same-property NOI percent growth is about 40 basis points. I'll let Jim actually talk about the real estate. But that's the impact to the numbers and the guidance.
Lisa Palmer: In terms of how soon we could get there, the way we took, I believe, a conservative approach to underwriting the redevelopment opportunity of, really, the vacant building and don't expect to receive any income from that parcel until 2018. So we do have time. I'd also like to point out, we've already outperformed our initial underwriting with some tenants -- a tenant exercising a renewal option and then also we had projected the sports club that there's to move out. And they've actually -- they're still paying rent as well. In terms of stabilized yield, it's in the same ballpark as all the others. And we're looking at our acquisitions that with going-in cap rates of a 5% to a 5.5% and stabilizing near 6%. Market Common Clarendon will not be any different than that which is evidenced by the north of 5% NOI growth that we're projecting there.
Lisa Palmer: Floris, it will really depend on if we have -- if any other investment opportunities. We still have some equity to put to use. But to the extent that can find acquisitions or increase the size of our development pipeline and we would think about funding that not with -- just not just with equity but potentially with new debt and also potentially with property sales. And it will depend on really the capital markets at that time because right at this moment, there's no need for additional debt.
Lisa Palmer: We don't -- the renewal also was the bittersweet. It was actually Barnes & Noble. So we did -- there is significant upside in that rent, even after. Renewal option was even a large increased. What we had underwritten was that it was going to be down for little while, while we replaced it with a better operator. Such that it was bittersweet. We kept the income at a higher rent, but now we have to wait, I believe, the renewal was for five years. So now we have to for another five years in order to replace that tenant. Beyond that, we do have -- so Washington Sports Club is also a short-term renewal. And we anticipate that we will have the opportunity to replace that as well at a higher rent
Lisa Palmer: And then the other upside is really -- it comes from smaller spaces and then the redevelopment of the vacant parcel.
Lisa Palmer: I'm a female. We don't think north, south, east, west. It actually -- so the front door today actually comes out to Clarendon Boulevard. So it's facing the Barnes & Noble. We could potentially reconfigure that so that that the door could face the Whole Foods and do ground-floor retail so that it is -- it does have Clarendon exposure. We think that there's incredible amount of upside there.
Lisa Palmer: So Cheesecake Factory is down the other -- I guess that would be, it's toward DC, I know that -- no, it's the other way. It's opposite DC. It's down the other end. Very well could be restaurants. But I wouldn't anticipate it being a large-use restaurant like that. I would anticipate smaller and have some outdoor seating because there is a little bit of a courtyard there. But again, we're in the really early stages. We did give ourselves some time to really explore what would be the best long-term use
Hap Stein: And in addition to that, we only want to buy centers that are going to be accretive to our long-term growth rate and meet our quality standards.
Hap Stein: We'll be on several larger community shopping centers. We have a great property in Raleigh, North Carolina, kind of shopping center that we've owned for well over 10 years. We redevelop an iconic property, made it iconic, in Westlake in Southern California. So community shopping centers, some of whom -- some of which have some lifestyle components has been a part of our strategy long term and will continue to be. But I would still say that it's in the 20%-plus percent range today as a percentage of NOI. And it may go up some, but not substantially. As we said often, our strategy is community and neighborhood shopping centers and will continue to be so.
Hap Stein: Throughout the project we expect to be able to add some additional excellent restaurant operators. We think that's a real opportunity there. And just to note, the parcel that's available is an old Sears which is, as Lisa and Jim indicated, is strategically located on the site.
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time and interest in Regency. Thank you very much. And everybody have a great day and the rest of the week. And if you're in hot weather, stay cool.
