Jim Thompson: Thanks Hap. Core fundamentals within Regency’s premier portfolio remain extremely healthy. As Hap said, retailers continue to see value in locating a higher quality shopping centers and staying close to their customers. This is evident as occupancy climbed to nearly 96% this quarter.  Move-outs were the lowest they've been in two years and bad debt remains very healthy. The strong fundamentals across our portfolio translated into another solid quarter of same property NOI growth, driven by base rent growth of 3.8%.  As I noted on our prior call, rent spreads in any given quarter can vary based on the mix of leasing. This quarter we executed on several opportunities to bring valuable anchor spaces to market resulting in new rent spreads at 35% and total rent spreads of 10%.  I'd like to take a moment and highlight our shop space performance that clearly demonstrates the quality and resilience of our portfolio. Our shop space percent leased has been 92% plus for the last six quarters. We're seeing demand for space across all categories from many thriving tenants.  We've been successful, executing increases in starting rents, and in addition our achieving contractual rent steps for shop space that average 2.5% while judiciously managing capital commitments. All leading to strong, net effective rent growth for the last five years.  I'd like to touch on recent retailer bankruptcies before turning it over to Mac and I’ll start with a Toys "R" Us update. Of the five locations originally in the portfolio, one of the locations was released and the centers been sold. One location was assumed by another retailer at auction where we experienced zero downtime. One has been released as already commenced and the remaining two locations that we most recently acquired at auction, we're in active negotiations with a specialty grocer and a fitness user. Next, we have 25 mattress firm locations in our portfolio. Only five of these leases have been formally rejected at this time. Most importantly, we are confident that with the quality of our real-estate we will have the opportunity to upgrade merchandising as we back fill any closures. And finally Sears, where we have two Kmart’s and one Sears location. Two of these locations were included on the initial closure list, both of which are redevelopment opportunities that we are excited to finally unlock. All three are located in grocery anchored shopping centers where grocery sales average over $950 per square foot, demonstrating the draw of our real-estate, as well as the opportunity and our ability to substantially upgrade the anchor. Average rents on these locations are less than $8 per square foot.  While these bankruptcies will certainly impact near term results, more importantly the remerchandising and redevelopment opportunities triggered by recapturing this real-estate will positively impact our shopping centers over the long term. Mac. 
Jim Thompson: Greg, I'm not sure I can bifurcates that 40, but bottom line in that we had strong anchor growth of 85%, really driven by Publix and LA Fitness in our Bloomingdale redevelopment; those where the real leaders. As I said in my opening statement, the mix on a quarter-to-quarter basis is hard to predict and hard to try to analyze or bifurcate, but overall we're really excited. 12.7% of that new growth rent was in shop space, so the combination of 35% is really kind of across the board.  On the renewal side I will say that we were somewhat muted on a very large target at Serramonte renewal which was flat. So overall we are happy with the rent growth and [inaudible].  [Cross Talk] 
Jim Thompson: Capital, it's really too early. We’ve got a lot of – as Hap indicated we got a lot of answers from a lot of different players and until we can spend some more time and really understand when we are going to get back and those kind of things, we're really not positioned today to talk about it. Well, obviously we continue to target the 7% to 9% when we get our hands back on our redevelopment, that's kind of our goal.
Jim Thompson: Sure thing, Jeremy. You're right that Ridgewood is right down the alley for us. It’s a terrific center and we look forward to working with Whole Foods as their lease doesn’t expire sometime in the next 10 years. Our partner was that we acquired the property with actually had some internal recycling, so they were selling a center that we owned with them and this was part of their internal capital recycling. So they were up and the rotation worked within that and that's the reason for that. In terms of just overall perception, buyers are closing and we mentioned it this last quarter. There's just a firmer fitting underground for sellers; debt markets were cooperating and it seems like the market has come up and we noticed that in the transactions we closed today and we have another $60 million under contract with scheduled closings by year-end and another $65 million where we’re negotiating purchase agreements, but in those cases buyers have already begun their due diligence.  So they may not all close, but we’ll have some to grow to next year and some could drop out, but we are seeing you know buyers feeling you know measurably better about things than they were six months ago and we're seeing that in the transaction market. 
Jim Thompson: It’s just that we don’t know. We are on a closure list, but there is no telling how Sears will – whether they'll try to sell the leases before they reject, we just don't know at this point. We are – obviously in our planning we're preparing to defend our real estate.
Jim Thompson: Well obviously we evaluate every aspect, and I would say during the Toys we evaluated a deal in Chicago where it was at auction. We were prepared to be it if needed. We did our homework. Understood who was interested in the space and felt comfortable with that user and felt the economics of no-downtime projecting rent was a good alternative to us jumping in and protecting the real estate. So it's a one off thing we evaluate on every space that’s in play.
Jim Thompson: Before Mac does individual examples, I mean the biggest thing is, is the pro is it gives us control of the real estate. It allows us to control the merchandising and in often cases which Mac is going to talk about allow us to unlock a lot of value.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you Mac and good morning everyone. As Jim stated, we had another solid quarter as our high quality portfolio continues to perform. Year-to-date same property NOI of 3.8% has been driven entirely by very strong growth. But as we mentioned on our prior call and as our full year guidance indicates, while we are still projecting strong baseline growth in the fourth quarter, we do expect a deceleration in overall same property NOI grow, as this strong base line growth will be offset by three main drivers.  First as expected, our real-estate tax reassessments in California triggered by our merger with Equity One has started to come in and are retroactive to the date of acquisition. So essentially this equates, it actually is two years of real-estate tax expense. While the vast majority of real-estate taxes are recoverable from our tenants, we will experience a drag from the non-recoverable portion of these reassessments.  Next, we're are also up against a tough comp in base rent from redevelopments that came online in the fourth quarter of last year, specifically from too much larger projects, Fairmount and Aventura. And lastly as Jim discussed, the recent retailer bankruptcies will create opportunity to remerchandise and reposition our real-estate in the future; these will have near term impacts.  So although the timing related to the Sears bankruptcy could moderately swing us one way or the other, we have incorporated reasonable assumptions on their move out dates into our of revised 2018, same priority NOI growth guidance of plus or minus 3.25%.  Turning to earnings, both NAREIT FFO and operating FFO for the full year were revised upward by a penny at the low end, incorporating slightly better performance in same property NOI.  Before we turn the call over for questions and reminding you that we won't provide formal guidance for 2019 until early next year, I still would like to give you some insight into our same property NOI growth expectations as we do look to next year.  Let me start with a reminder of our road map to our same property NOI growth objective. First, embedded in the portfolio is 1.3% growth coming from contractual rent increases. Then another 1% to 1.2% comes from new and renewal leasing rent spreads. Combined these provide about 2.5% growth.  Finally the contribution from redevelopments is expected to add another 50 to 100 basis points of annual growth. Together, absent any changes in rent paying occupancy, these components equate to our strategic objective of 3% plus, average annual, same property NOI growth.  However our initial look into 2019 includes a couple of short term impacts to this roadmap. First, while timing is still very uncertain, the downtime associated with our three Sears boxes could impact same property NOI growth by up to 50 basis points.  Next, the redevelopment contribution has been and will continue to be uneven at times. Over the past 5 years, including year-to-date 2018, the annual contribution has ranged from 40 basis points to 170 basis points, averaging at 75 basis points positive contributions, thus the 50 to 100 basis points range in our roadmap.  In 2019 the contribution is expected to be minimal as NOI is taken offline at some of our larger, more transformational redevelopment projects. So while the contribution from redevelopments to our NOI growth can be uneven and I want to reiterate that we still remain extremely excited about our expanding pipeline and the contribution to growth that will come in 2020 and beyond.  For the difficult to predict Sears bankruptcy and the atypical contribution for redevelopment is likely to result in a more muted 2019 same property NOI growth in the low to mid 2% range. That said, there is much more to come as we close out the year before issuing formal guidance. But most importantly given our very high quality portfolio and our active REIT development pipeline, we continue to expect our same property NOI growth to return to 3% or greater over the long term.  We're extremely pleased with our results this quarter, and the position of our high quality portfolio and fortress balance sheet, all of which support our ability to grow earnings and dividends, which in turn expect total shareholder return to be consistently at or near the top of the shopping center sector.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We now welcome your questions. 
Lisa Palmer: Primarily it is the reason why one, that we raised the low end of our earnings guidance and additionally took off the low end of our same property NOI guidance. It's just a matter of – as you know and as we all know, the most difficult thing to predict are move outs and we always incorporate a reason of what we believe it to be, a reasonable assumption and that came in better than expected for the quarter, so we had fewer move outs than we anticipated. 
Lisa Palmer: First, the real estate tax reassessments, we would expect that just the fourth quarter should be the last of the one-time impact and next year as in any typical year, as in other states where properties are reassessed at you know certain intervals, we are expecting potentially up like a 5% increase in real estate taxes next year. But remember that we do recover about 90% of that. So it would be a minimal bleed for that. So the recovery rate going forward for all recoveries we would expect is right about where we are year-to-date assuming no change in occupancy, so in the 82% to 83% range.  And then with regards to redevelopment contribution for next year, again it's pretty early as you know and we need to have a little bit more visibility as to when leases come online and as we finish projects, so I don't know that we can give you any specifics and we will do that in early next year, but would expect it to be you know somewhere in the zero to 50% range of the positive contributions. 
Lisa Palmer: Christy I’m not sure I understood. So you are asking how much of our internal leasing costs are – because the $0.06 to $0.07 is [Cross Talk]
Lisa Palmer: It's still – in our disclosure when we give leasing capitalization costs, it’s still our – we’ll have to get offline on that, we’ll come back to you.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, and it is just the Legacy Regency obviously as essentially those that are being reassessed at ages zero if you will. So of the remaining which is about 20% of our asset base, its 13 years. 
Lisa Palmer: Yeah, I think just to add a little bit of color Jim, in two of the three that are Kmart boxes. They're not Sears boxes, so they're just typical legacy Kmart’s and there's a reason they’re still, because it's really strong real estate and we do believe that will be an opportunity to upgrade the merchandising and then potentially also grow NOIs. 
Lisa Palmer: I don’t know that we actually answered the question. So I would point you to our Investor Presentation where we have about 2% that we consider kind of non-core and think about again remind you of our funding strategy. So free cash flow is going to fund our development spend to the extent that we are short, we are going to – and do not have access to the equity market because it's not a compelling price at the time. We will use dispositions for that and it will come from that 2% bucket.  And if you do, to give a little bit more color on page 15 in the supplemental, if you look at those, there is not a single one on here that we went out and bought individually. It either came as in the package of the of the portfolio acquisition and a couple of them were legacy developments when we are building much larger power centers back in the late marching developments, which we do not do today.
Lisa Palmer: It’s you know, same priority NOI is a big driver obviously and although our guidance is 3.25 plus or minus, it can be plus or it can be minus, and Sears is a big driver of that as well depending upon when – if we get November and December we are in it and that is one of the largest drivers. 
Lisa Palmer: Its still, I’m a little hesitant to say that I'm certain what's going to happen. So our understanding at this point is we are going to get paid for them for up to a year, but again I think its…
Lisa Palmer: A year from when they file. But I think that its more to come. But right now that is the assumption. 
Lisa Palmer: So just, Hap just so that I’m clear. You are saying that you could get up to a year, but it would be a year from now that you would get paid or when they come out. 
Lisa Palmer: I don't know that we really know when it's, and that's part of the uncertainty as well, but the early indication is that we will get up to a year's worth of rent. 
Lisa Palmer: Again, that's not formal guidance’s, so we will come back to you in early part of next year with more formal guidance. But Sears is obviously incorporated in there as I indicated in my remarks, up to 50 basis points. 
Lisa Palmer: Samir yes, of course we always do and even through a bad debt expense, it doesn’t exactly translate to how much we are incorporating into kind of the credit collection loss if you own typical underwriting. We've been kind of around the 45 in the – 40 to 50 basis points range in bad debt expense. I think that that’s a good indication that we’ve had a pretty normal and steady rate of move outs if you will and bankruptcies and store closures and we would expect something similar next year on top of Sears. 
Lisa Palmer: And I think my prepared remarks directly hit that and also there is even some – it’s also implied, if you go back to the road map again of 1.3% contractual rent steps and then another 1.2% from rent lease spreads, that gets you to 2.5 and I just told you that we’re expecting and incorporating up to 50 basis points at Sears and we're still saying we're going to be in the 2% to 2.5% range.
Lisa Palmer: The reason I commented specifically that they were Kmart's versus Sears is to see exactly the size of the box and they're in your typical neighborhood community shopping center, so there's not a whole lot of densification opportunities at those.
Lisa Palmer: And even – it’s pretty interesting, even in a portfolio of our size, it doesn't take much for it to really move the needed, because they are such large increases at these legacy anchor leases.
Lisa Palmer: At this point of time with the early head nod of the 2% to 2.5%, we are assuming that Westwood stays in our same property pool. But it’s a great question as we really do have larger projects that we are beginning to work on, beyond – a scale beyond what we have had in the past. We got another one that’s in our pipeline in San Diego in Costa Verde. It’s over $5 million of NOI and we may essentially take that to zero as we redevelop it. So it’s something that we are evaluating and we’ll have more clarity on how we will handle those large projects in the future, but for now Westwood is assumed to be just staying in the same property pool.
Hap Stein: You know the trial package we’ve indicated in the past, we’re going to have – Greg we’re going to have a number of legacy leases that will repeat the benefit we received from the publics in LA Fitness leases and other leases that JT just mentioned. It won’t be all of the time, but over time we’re going to see more of that than less of that. 
Hap Stein: In the Sears specific we have a tire, battery, auto and probably some excess parking area that we believe we can probably do some patch / out billings on. So beyond the box we think there's some external redevelopment opportunity as well. 
Hap Stein: We’re facilitating the adoption of the pick-up and delivery and we're seeing a keen focus on the part of pretty much all of the grocers. I think the key thing, and that's all important; technology is important in the store and we’re all investing heavily in that, but it's also the shopping experience and the service that’s really the point of differentiation and I think that's critically important to remember and keep that in mind, and that's the reason why you know we think that our grocer sales are as high as they are, both on an aggregate basis of $32.5 million and $650 per square foot. 
Hap Stein: I think what makes it hard to measure is there is very little property of the caliber that we're looking for that's on the market and we’ve seen very, very few transactions out there. So you know there are definitely institutional buyers and advisors who are out there looking for a Class A product that we are a product that has a strong tenure CAGR, but unfortunately there's a pretty select few properties out there that are transacting because buyers – owners are reluctant to put their properties in the market because it's hard to find a replacement property; there's so little Class A in the market.
Hap Stein: Well, number one, as part of our – obviously our large scale redevelopments and even our tactical redevelopments, there our fresh look philosophy where there's a tremendous emphasis on merchandising and on place making, they're going to distinguish the look of listing the state appeal of those shopping centers to the communities and neighborhoods that they serve, so I think that’s important. But we’ve got an ongoing maintenance program and in that ongoing maintenance program we're very focused on you know place making and ongoing leasing and merchant and merchandising is critical to that.  So that’s a part of the way we do our business each and every day and we feel really good about the way our shopping centers are distinguishing and they are continuing to focus on how to keep them relevant and we are also – I think our view is we spent between 10% and 11% of NOI from a tenant improvement White Box ongoing business, you know building improvement standpoint and think that that number is still good and together with the redevelopments that are tactical in nature will keep our shopping centers looking fresh and relevant to our communities. 
Hap Stein: In general, space is space and it has an impact. But we think and we feel real good about our locations, about our anchor tenants, about the team’s focus and you know we have released virtually all the space that’s coming back to us, the anchor space that has and I think that’s indicative to say it doesn't have any impact. But we believe that as Lisa said that we can generate in fact 2.5% from an underlying NOI growth standpoint before redevelopments and we think over time that redevelopments are going to contribute an additional 50 to 100 basis points.  We've got the team in place, the commitment, only to say in regard to the redevelopments, you know it's kind of become the topic de jure and this has been an integral part of our business historically and we got to the team placed and the markets to markets these projects happen.  As Mac said, they can be complicated, they can be difficult, and we’ve not even viewed the tactical ones. I think as I indicated earlier, it’s just an opportunity to refill a box, etc. It’s an opportunity to further distinguish of our shopping centers for the long term. And just to reiterate what Mac said I think we're very well positioned to achieve the $1.25 billion to $1.5 billion of development starts and to average as Lisa said, 3% same property NOI growth, even in a market where there is going to be additional store closings. 
Hap Stein: Yeah, being able to find good use of the capital is an issue. Being able to do transactions on a tax efficient basis is also important, but the other key thing is we don't have to sell properties. We are in a position where those properties that kind of have the characteristics that Mac just described are the remaining less than 5% of our portfolio, so we are in a position to sell when it makes sense to sell and when we have the appropriate use of funds and we can do it on a tax efficient basis. 
Hap Stein: That’s – where we can we have an opportunity to do that, we do that each and every day. That's a key part of our business and we've been doing that for years and these redevelopments represent a lot of those when we are transforming the properties that we have. 
Hap Stein: I mean that won’t matter. What matters is whether or not we actually – whether someone assumes and buys the lease or if we get it back. 
Hap Stein: Samir, yeah it was interesting that it fell with the volumes and what that represents is really the driver there was Publix at our Bloomingdale Redevelopment. That particular deal is a tear down and rebuild. So what you had was less, what we call IT and White Box and it's really rebuilding a building. So that artificially dampened that number. If you took Publix out of that, we would normalize it $30, which is right in line. 
Hap Stein: We're incorporating – our thinking is incorporating our normal amount of issues, but at the same time we're also incorporating that the underlying business is good, leasing spreads will remain healthy, we're seeing strong demand for space. So we feel good about the underlying fundamentals of the business and our ability to continue. The Sears bankruptcy aside, the 2.5% underlying same property NOI growth that Lisa described earlier.
Hap Stein: And Mac in my just review to kind of what we did with Hagan, because it was a combination of working with replacements to Hagan, buying leases and letting some of them go and coming back to us on that date.
Hap Stein: Christy, as any good bankrupter will do, they will absolutely ask on every location which they did here. We’ve been firm in our responses. I think the average AVR is $33 on ours. I think they are located in centers in 96% leased. They generally took very good real estate, high visibility high access. So that’s when we felt over good about being strong and recapture our real estate. When asked we said no, and the five may turn into seven or eight, but at the end of the day we will proactively release those boxes in smaller phase.
Hap Stein: And just in both cases, on the town home and multi-family developer they were negotiating with and both are best in class and both will have a meaningful amount of capital invested on this share of – of those portions of the development.
Hap Stein: Giant is staying. They are going to relocate. Sorry to interrupt. Giant is planning to stay. We are going to relocate them and put them into a brand new store in a podium format with parking below them.
Mac Chandler: In addition as Jim indicated earlier in the prepared remarks, the inbound comments and interest in the space has been very, very encouraging. 
Mac Chandler: Sure, I’m happy to take that. This is Mac. While we haven’t given formal guidance yet on our developments starts for next year, and we will be doing that in the near future, but you are right. The developments that we have that are underway are performing very well. At 80% leased where we are very happy with those and it allows us to use our expertise to work on some of these longer term redevelopments and I touched upon several of those in our opening remarks, I’ll just give an example.  Westwood Shopping Center which is a center they came over with Equity One, in about a year's time we should be ready to start that project and that is very promising. It's a mixed use project, with retail. It's got approximately 200 apartments and some tenants to it and these are complicated projects and not every company is capable of doing this, but we think we have the team and the expertise and the market knowledge to take this on.  So we are bullish about that. We’ll eventually give guidance on where we think we’ll be, but over a long term, which is really the right way to measure our contribution, it’s not a year-to-year business, it’s always going to be lumpy, but we think we are on track to hit our five year target at $1.25 billion to $1.5 billion in starts and then deliveries would come with that two as well. So hopefully that answers your question. 
Mac Chandler: Well, I think directionally you will see us doing more of redevelopments as a percentage of our total investment than we have in the years past. In some years it was more ground up as compared to redevelopments and I thinks switching and more agnostic to the two. In fact we like the flexibility optionality that redevelopments give us and so I wouldn’t associate more, but I would say the mix between ground-up and redevelopment is shifting more towards redevelopment and we are very pleased with that.  These are properties that we one and then Town & Country is for the one, new one to that and we are coming into a partnership on that property which is a terrific property located across the street from The Grove and we mentioned that before. But that allows us to bring our expertise to enter into a family partnership and to add some density to that and ultimately that will be one of our more key properties across the country. We are very pleased with that. 
Mac Chandler: Yeah, sure thing Rich. This is Mac. You know if you just look at page 15 of our supplemental, you can start to pick up some teams here from the set of properties. It’s a [inaudible] anchor. It’s a deals anchored center; it’s a theater anchored center.  There’s two larger projects that are really big box centers. There is one in India, its unanchored, its shadow anchored by Home Depot, so it’s not the typical Class A infill grocery anchored tenants that we own and we feel that these properties were ready to be sold. These were prioritized disposition for us, and ready to solid and were widely marketed and they cleared.  It’s a type of center that I mentioned, sort of the tenants who are there, but it’s also the location. These are smaller markets, and if you plug into the demographics, they are lighter than our typical property. They are on the low end and they are typically lower growth and people are paying for growth. So all those characteristics contribute to the pricing and we feel that the pricing was correct. These are really out buyers in many ways. 
Mac Chandler: Well, you may change the use Vince, right, upgrade the use, but you also by wiping out that former lease you may get rid of some restrictions that have to do with competing uses, exclusives, co-tenancy parking requirements. Sometimes these older leases are just outdated with how the market works. So you get a fresh start and there's generally at a reasonable price. The pros heavily outweigh the cons and you take some leasing risk, you're not going to have it preleased, but we're in that business anyway and we have a good feel for that and we factor that into our pricing. So net-net its usually advantageous for us to buy a least back.
Mac Chandler: And they control the space for a significant amount of time. The key thing as far as the health of the portfolio and the relative strength and sustainability of the portfolio I think is the same store rent spreads that we are experiencing, 12% on the shop space.
Mac Chandler: This is not a new thing for us. We’ve actually been at the forefront of using technology to help us with merchandising, to target actual customers by using mobile data to track where our customers are coming from and we've actually been piloting probably over a dozen different technologies over the years and actually have helped companies create that technology by working with them closely.  So we're using it for better merchandising, where we've been able to convince tenants that our sites makes sense by showing them what our customers are coming from and using technology that they don't have in house and it's been eye opening for them and that’s really helped us. And then the future really is using this technology to actually target customers coming on to our property through advertisements, through mobile phones and that’s in the early stages of it, but we are spending a fair bit of time on this and the industry still has years to grow up, but it's not a new thing to us. We’ve been following this for many, many years.
Mac Chandler: I can touch on the first part of that. Plus or minus $75 million is what we circle for investment in that and we would have all of the retail. We are negotiating with a partner where we would take half of the apartment, 50% interest and that’s included in the $75 million. There is also approximately 75 town homes which are up for sale product and we're going to provide some of the capital for that, although that’s not a long term hold as I mentioned. So Lisa can talk to you about sort of the big picture, what’s in and out of that. But we are excited about that project. It should have a return of in the high sixes. This is what a stabilized return is and it’s going to be down in the project for us.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning everyone. I want to maybe just go back to the properties that you're buying and selling. Maybe we can talk about the properties you're selling first. Could you provide any more color as to what’s maybe making those less attractive and trade at lighter cap rates. Is it location, is it you know the type of grocery store there, is there alternative mix. What is making that less attractive to you or maybe you want to work into something that's so called higher quality. 
Rich Hill: Got it, and so it looks your rising sales have been fairly similar this year, at least in terms of number. But you also mentioned it’s hard to find the high quality properties that you want to own. Do you think there is more role quality properties to go for you to sell or as you just mentioned, is it really just an outlier. I guess what I'm asking, do you think there's more opportunities to see more portfolio location at this point in time or is it becoming harder just they may as well be higher quality properties. 
Rich Hill: Got it, and just one more follow-up question if I will. Are there any examples where you can take out so called 79 property and put money into it and make it a 49 property? I mean does that exist or is that just not a use of your funds in your opinion.
