Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Mac. Good morning all. We continue to demonstrate the inherent strength of our high quality portfolio despite the headwinds from previously announced bankruptcies. The same property portfolio is 96% leased with shop space again contributing gains and nearing an impressive 93% leased. Same-property NOI growth for the quarter was just under 3% moderating as we expected and also as we communicated on the last earnings call but still a very strong 3.4% year-to-date. Further with more visibility into the fourth quarter, we tightened the same-property NOI guidance range with a new range of 3% to 3.4%. It is important to note however that we’ll continue to absorb the impact from bankrupt tenants in the fourth quarter and also in the first half of 2017 as we work to release these anchor boxes. Given this impact while I am not offering formal guidance at this time, it is reasonable to expect 2017 same-property NOI growth to more closely approximate growth from the latter half of this year. I did want to provide more detail behind our rent growth for this quarter. We executed a short term anchor renewal with ongoing landlord recapture rates at our recent Market Common acquisition. This will allow us to significantly upgrade the merchandizing upon expiration or recapture of additional space and further by taking this course of action we’re able to preserve income in the near term for a tenant that we had underwritten to base rate. We may take control of the space and we will be able to improve the future growth profile of the center. We do not feel landlord leverage softening at our centers. Even after the impact from this strategic renewal, total rent growth year-to-date is approaching 11%. Additionally our new shop rent growth remained very strong at 14% for the quarter. Overall the leasing environment remains healthy and with our premier real estate and with limited supply, we continue to able to push rents and negotiate mid-term rent steps to solidify embedded growth. I’ll conclude by touching on the updated guidance ranges for NAREIT and core FFO. With more certainly surrounding bankruptcies and move-outs we increased the low end of both ranges by $0.03 and raised the top end of these by a penny. Thank you for listening. We now welcome your questions.
Lisa Palmer: I trained Jim, well he is not going to give you a formal – we've talked about this before, the quality of our portfolio is so much better today than it was ten years ago. And ten years ago we reached just north of 92% on the shop space percent leased. We're obviously north of that today. So it's really uncertain, but we continue to see strong demand for the space and even more importantly over the past, really two years the number of move-outs in our small shop space continued to decline as a percent of space, right. This year we’re projecting move-outs of just about a million square feet and - which is almost - it’s a little bit higher than last year, but that's almost offer for anchors. I mean our move-outs out in the small shop space is so small. So as long as we can continue to do some new leasing, I would expect that we're going to continue to see that small shop lease tick up.
Lisa Palmer: This is a great question Christy, and that’s why it becomes a lot harder to project. But with the limited supply in the environment and with the quality of our portfolio in the high percent lease even with that being potentially lower quality space, we still anticipate that leverages more in outcome and then and there. So we still believe that even with that we should continue to see high single-digits to low double-digit rent growth moving forward.
Lisa Palmer: Absolutely, because if you think about when those came offline, we had a lot of that income in the first half of the year. And assuming we are able to release those relatively quickly, even if we do that, we still were getting some until the latter half of the year, so the first half will certainly be lower than the second half of next year.
Lisa Palmer: No, I mean I would again just reiterate what we did say in the prepared remarks, that when you do exclude that one lease that had a pretty significant impact. So when you do exclude that then we are in the double-digits for rent growth. So that’s – I mean I think that’s you can’t just ignore that and that was a strategic renewal, newly acquired property that we had underwritten to vacate and we felt really good about being able to reserve some of the income in the short-term while we worked to capture some of the other space back, so we can remerchandize a larger portion of the center. So I think that that’s really important. And beyond that, I think it’s also important to know the actual absolute, so it’s a mix as it often is the absolute rent for our leases that we sign this quarter. I think it’s the highest in 12 months. If – I am not looking at the supplemental, if I recall correctly, I think the rent was $24 and last quarter it was a little low $20 again from memory, but that’s still much higher than we’ve seen. So it is a little bit of mix issue as well.
Lisa Palmer: We really don’t get a lot of sales data, I mean I looked at Jim or Mac for just maybe any informal feedback that they’re receiving in the field, but we don’t have that many tenants that report. So those – that do typically tend to be the anchors and we’re seeing them continue to have even our grocers have healthy...
Lisa Palmer: Remember, we have until the middle of next year essentially to draw it down and we do have some visibility into potential acquisition in the first quarter of next year. I think anything prior to that at this point would be too conservative.
Mac Chandler: This is Mac Jeremy. I wouldn't say a different set of mindset. I think it’s been consistent over the last several years we’ve had a very healthy pipeline working with best-in-class tenants like Wegmans, Whole Foods, Publix, Kroger and our pipeline historically and when we look out forward it's filled with projects like that. So we have opportunities every broadcast but we haven’t seen a shift in the quality of the projects or the location. It seems to be really consistent with our strategy historically we’re going forward. So no broad shifts there.
Mac Chandler: The only I might add is their model is more about all the model, which is very low price, high value and that typically hasn't affected us as much as some of the higher end or mid-market groceries. We're just in more affluent higher locations so in that sense, they’re something to keep.
Mac Chandler: Really the big difference between this quarter and prior ones is we’ve been presented with an opportunity in the Northeast, very compelling opportunity, where an owner of the site has been working on it for 15 years entitling it. It’s really all about the five yard line and just about done. And we have an opportunity that we will really like to be able to step into and shuffle ready project if you would, that’s 50% preleased. So we don’t have 100% visibility to it occurring this calendar year, but it looks very positive and we want to make sure our guidance included that if it were to close this calendar year. Going forward to 2017, I’d say the range is similar with previous years of 125 – 225, but we would like $200 million, we would like to get it up to $300 million if we can find that right compelling opportunities that meet our disciplined approach. So that’s really the change behind this quarter.
Mac Chandler: Hi, George, this is Mac. So we watch it carefully and we’ve seen some of these changes and anticipated them. So we have been fortunate that our development budgets have all held. But we are seeing changes of say 3% to 6% depending on the market and really tied mostly to a shortage in high skilled labor, and that seems to be a common thread throughout. But I think we’re underwriting it appropriately, and we have been surprised by too much. But we always underwrite at inflation and escalation factor for projects that we know we’re going to start several years out. Hopefully that helps.
Mac Chandler: Certainly the coastal markets, the increases are more. Seattle is the market probably only – certainly one of the top two or three house markets that could be little bit over there. San Francisco and certainly, Silicon Valley, actually there is a sort of big one. We’re not in New York metros, but I would imagine that playing out as well.
Jim Thompson: Jeremy, it's Jim Thompson. Obviously we’re seeing very robust small shop leasing. We expect there is still some runway there. We're seeing continued good growth. I think the sectors that continue to be active are the fitness, the food although there is some saturation in that category we’re seeing the new been replacing old and it’s kind of a normal cycle. We’re aligning ourselves as we always do with who we consider the best-in-class in that sector and continuing to freshen the portfolio.
Jim Thompson: And the focus is not just on filling the space, but it’s also on a quality of tenant and the merchant - new ability to merchant - as a merchant.
Jim Thompson: That’s really - we know they're tied up in and have purchased sites. They really haven’t opened anything yet. So it’s very difficult, but they’re clearly our force overseas, so they are an operator.
Jim Thompson: I think you could see in the renewals, if tenants weren’t able to absorb their rent, they wouldn’t be able to exercise their renewals that they are. They feel confident about their business, so they can make the ratios work and that’s probably the best way to see it play out.
Jim Thompson: If you just look at basically the act like the absolute dollars for rents that we’ve signed, I mean we are looking at double-digit increases. But again think about the universe of shopping centers and what a small percentage are owned by REITs. Those REITs ownerships tend – the own the highest quality and then the higher quality REITs owned the higher quality of the high quality. So I think what we’re seeing in our centers may not be a very good proxy for the entire market, so we do continue to see really healthy growth and again it comes back to 96% REITs when almost 93% REITs on our shop space. We have leverage and we’ll continue to arrive that while we have it because we know that it’s not going to last forever.
Jim Thompson: There is a one – it’s not widely that they won’t happen. There may be a decent change they can get twist into first quarter of 2017. No guarantees they are going to happen for sure, but we feel very, very confident that that’s going to happen. It is development, but that can be get pushed into 2017.
Hap Stein: And I think if you look to the Fresh & Easy history, as Mac said, this is too early for us to project out all our GAAP results, because I think they all thought they would do well prior to opening because you heard about how they did their market research and they had their people living in the U.S. and studying consumer behavior and something it's just unknown of how that will translate to hear.
Hap Stein: It’s been pretty modest market rent growth has been and I think our expectation is for to continue especially for high quality premier shopping centers.
Hap Stein: Sure. Chris, there are three projects that we’re counting out that are ground up projects. We think we’re all going to happen, but we can’t say for sure because fixed development and there is some intergradient to actually come together here in the next month. But the one that we added is about 70 million that should give you some guidance. There is another one anchored by White Mint that we mentioned, we’re working on and third one anchored by Krogers. So there are three significant sized projects, certainly $70 million is little bit bigger than typical one.
Hap Stein: Thank you very much for your interest and time on the call. And enjoy the rest of the week and all the best. Thanks.
