Martin E. Stein: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, Lisa. This progress in placing the portfolio, balance sheet and development program on very high ground is a testament not only to our focused strategy, but also to the dedicated efforts of our talented team. Most important of all, we are committed to profit from our advantageous position by meaningfully growing NAV, shareholder value and future earnings. We thank you for your time and welcome your questions.
Martin E. Stein: Yes. During the next couple of years, as far as that part of your question, we do not see 90% occupancy on the shop space side, and 95% overall occupancy as being a glass or any other kind of ceiling and just would hope to see the next couple of years moving our occupancy above those levels.
Martin E. Stein: We are really excited about both of them, so hopefully, we'll be able to share our thoughts on these with you in the not-too-distant future. [indiscernible]
Martin E. Stein: One small portfolio and one's a single asset. As we indicated, one's in Raleigh, one's in the Northeast, both have exceptional growth, and the returns meet our parameters. And they're consistent with what the guidance we gave, and plus they got great NOI growth and one of them, we think, has even more upside even beyond that.
Martin E. Stein: And in that case, and probably in future cases, it's going to be access to the opportunity. And I think that's what the joint charter provided in this case. And any future opportunities like this where we have a joint venture partner is probably going to be involved.
Martin E. Stein: I think the -- I think what we've said is we are very comfortable with the -- remember this year, 20 -- almost 30% of our development starts will be redevelopment starts. So somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% to 30% will be redevelopments. The development and redevelopment starts in the neighborhood of $150 million to $200 million-plus a year is something that we're very comfortable with. We think that's rightsized. We also think that the infill focus and/or being in a planned community is -- and not being a merchant developer, developing that which we want to own long-term, that's a very focused strategy. And we're very -- and as Brian said, it has been extremely successful in the last 4 to 5 years. And that's where your focus is. And I think somewhere in that 200 - maybe a little bit higher, but averaging $200 million a year, is from a new development starts standpoint is -- would kind of be our goal.
Martin E. Stein: That's a significant focus, and as Brian indicated, we've made significant progress and expect that progress to continue into the fourth quarter.
Martin E. Stein: And Lisa, you might just review briefly what our philosophy -- our policy is as related to acquisition guidelines going into the year.
Martin E. Stein: They're going to be more core -- but I want to say that our -- we're not just investing capital. Unless it's in our view, it's got exceptional NOI and/or upside. And I think all the acquisitions that we've done have those characteristics. It's consistent with our strategy. It's got a sustainable competitive advantage. It's going to be able to generate very nice NOI growth, in a lot of cases have additional upside. And otherwise, it doesn't make -- it's not a good use of capital.
Martin E. Stein: As we indicated in our remarks, given the acceleration of our dispositions, the progress that we've made, we think that the portfolio is very well-situated right now. The balance sheet is very well-situated. And we're going to be -- it will be a funding source for developments going forward. And for -- potentially for other investments. And that's the way we're looking at it. And so we'll give you more guidance, but I think that, I guess, it's safe to say that our plans for dispositions in 2014 will be much -- and in the future will be at a much lower level, unless our investment activity is also larger than it's been the last several years.
Martin E. Stein: And just to piggyback on that comment is, although we are doing a lot of creative things and proactive -- taking proactive actions to grow NOI and create value, at the same time, the kind -- and you always want to have less drop space than there is demand. But the kind of centers that we want to own are centers where there is substantial demand from the side-shop space, not only the anchor space. And where we're not afraid, but we're excited about the opportunities that the side-shop space presents.
Lisa Palmer: I'll take the guidance part of the question, and then let Hap or Brian take the upside going forward. We do have a couple of strategic anchor move-outs that we're working on, which if they happen, could impact our occupancy by as much -- up to as much as 40 basis points, which would take us down to the low end of the range. Again, it may or may not happen. Obviously, that -- the impact on NOI is minimal because it's towards the latter part of the year, but the occupancy guidance is a point in time. So that's the range on the downside.
Lisa Palmer: There is that assumption on -- so that could potentially push it, but I think we feel pretty good about it.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. As you think about our -- just our business model, funding for our developments is coming from our dispositions. And to the extent that we either have access to cost-effective assets to the equity markets or are able to accelerate some of our disposition sales, and we can recycle those funds into great acquisition opportunities. So acquisitions are not part of our base model, if you will. And going into the year, the guidance was 0 to $50 million as we had really prefunded. And our dispositions were estimated at that time to be on the high end of $200 million, with development starts of $150 million. So, and as Brian said, we just didn't have any visibility to these 2 transactions the last time we reported.
Lisa Palmer: I mean, it's really what I've already answered in terms of -- I mean, that takes up, that really accounts for the whole thing. And it's a matter of whether we actually accomplish what we're trying to accomplish before the year end. So again, they're proactive.
Lisa Palmer: No. It was early. We had expected it to go through the end of the year, but we did receive the undistributed income for the remainder of the year. And I mean, I think they just basically wanted to settle prior to [indiscernible] IPO because some of those properties were included.
Brian M. Smith: In terms of outperforming, we have been outperforming so far this year. And with the beat raising [ph], I think the same kind of things could happen. One of the things that's going on that continues to be a favorable trend is the lower level of move-outs that we've been experiencing. And those move-outs that we are doing, many of those are done on a strategic basis where we have something better to replace them. Our shop move-outs for this quarter -- well, year-to-date, our shop move-outs are the lowest they've ever been, so I think that's probably one of the areas where you could see some improvement.
Brian M. Smith: At this stage, the project -- as Lisa mentioned, the projects are under contract, and we haven't seen anything in due diligence that would scare us, that would prevent a closing. They haven't happened, so there's always a chance. But for right now, we're feeling awfully optimistic that both of those will happen by year end.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. We had a lot of leasing in that category. In fact, I think it's one of the strongest quarters we've ever had in terms of anchor leasing, maybe the second strongest quarter ever. So we're 99% leased in that category, and whenever we get an opportunity, they fill up pretty quickly. A couple of those were major redevelopments. An example will be the Woodway Collection that we talked about in the prepared remarks where we replaced an anchor tenant that moved out last quarter with one this year, pulled through to this quarter.
Brian M. Smith: Rich, I have not seen any leveling off whatsoever. It's been strong, the quality of the franchisees has been very strong. Overall, I think small shops there -- I think there's no differentiation between franchisees and the others we're putting in there. They're healthy, very healthy, optimistic. I mentioned they're putting a lot of money back into the space. They're benefiting from the lack of new supply, and our pipelines right now are as full as they've ever been. They're the fullest they've been in 4 quarters. And if anything, we're experiencing more sense of urgency to get the stores open. So I think on all accounts, the small shops are looking good going forward.
Brian M. Smith: I think-- I mean, obviously, numbers nationally would support that there's not much development going on, and we hear that same thing. Mostly what you see around the country would be retail and ground-floor residential, mixed use projects. We see a lot of redevelopment, but there hasn't been a lot of true shopping center development going on. We're seeing -- where we are seeing it would be places like Southern California, Houston, Washington, D.C. and North Carolina. But not a lot. And, I guess, I have to say I find this surprising, but at the same time not surprising. Surprising in the sense that we are finding that there's a lot of demand, as I mentioned the leasing is strong. Pipelines, I just mentioned are the fullest they've been in 4 quarters. The anchors, particularly the grocers, are expanding, and there's no supply. And if you're 99% leased in your large anchor spaces, they've got to find new locations. And that would be true of the other portfolios out there too. And development works, as we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, if you look at the past success of the ones that -- we started since 2009, it's almost $400 million, they're almost 93% leased and several of the projects haven't even gone vertical yet. So in that regard, I'm surprised. But I guess, where I'm not surprised is, as we've said all along, it's really difficult, especially if you're focused on the infill nature of the projects. The ones we've started since 2009 have combined purchasing power well over 200,000. And when you're playing in those infill markets, they're hard to find. They're fraught with all kinds of roadblocks, whether it be environmental -- challenges to the entitlements and so forth -- and so the only way really to get through that is not only to have a great team with a lot of experience, but to have them working on them for years. I think what's happening, or elsewhere around the country, is people are just starting up development programs, and it just takes years and years to get those things through the process. And as you know from some of the ones we've started recently, some of those -- most of those have been in the works for years.
Brian M. Smith: Well, the one that we closed in the fourth quarter, Fellsway, I think that's probably the poster child for the kind of property we want to do. We don't have a presence up there. It's obviously -- well, we don't have a development presence up there. It's extremely high barrier. It's a tough market to develop in. We know -- and this particular partner is very, very experienced. We've worked with him before. He has personally acquired or developed or redeveloped over 25 million square feet. One of the largest leasing companies in the Northeast, where they own, lease or manage over 70 centers and are the exclusive leasing agent for more than 11 million square feet on nearly 60 centers. And they also have a tenant representation arm, where they represent some of the largest, best retailers in New England. So we think, in this case, where we've got a redevelopment we're going to start right out of the ground, somebody who's from there, who went to school within almost a stone's throw is -- and with all the connections they've got on both development and leasing sides made great sense.
Brian M. Smith: I mean, yes. To echo what Hap's talking about, in this particular case, there were several people competing for the project. And this guy, it looked like we were not going to get it. And he had been working with his broker friend on this for years and called him up and basically, I think, shook it free for us. So, yes, it really provided value there.
Brian M. Smith: Let me just add to that. I mean, the focus here is not so much on size, but on quality. And -- what we have done in the past, where - we are not going to continue to staff up just because a new opportunity comes up. What we've done in the past and we'll continue to do is if there are more opportunities than a given team can handle, we'll either augment it from somewhere else where there's capacity, or we will just take the best opportunity of the ones available.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. There has actually been a fair amount of movement on that one. We're down to a combination of land held for development and land held for sale. We're down to $61 million. A couple of years ago, we were at $150 million. And in the third quarter, you probably didn't see a lot of movement because we did sell a parcel out in Southern California, about $3.2 million. But that was offset by we moved a parcel of land that was going to be ground leased to Cinco Ranch into the land held for sale. So it reduced the net impact of the sales for the quarter, but that thing will be sold imminently.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. In terms of, I guess, why the guidance went up is particularly the portfolio that Hap was talking about, it's been 3 months since we issued guidance, and a lot happened in that period. And this one is very recent, and it happened faster than the typical acquisition does. Normally, there's a long, drawn out process. In this particular case, we got in a plane, flew up there, and literally, the deal was closed that day. I'm sorry, the agreement was reached that day. So it is very competitive. Everybody's going after the same pool of great properties. And -- but fortunately, I know as of last quarter when we were counting this up, I think we looked back a couple of years. Of the 16 acquisitions we had done, 12 of them were done off-market. So that's what we try to do. We try to find things before they get competitive and really bid up. And we're having a fair amount of success at it, but it is very competitive. And there's a limited pool of the really good high-quality assets with good growth.
Brian M. Smith: While we're waiting, I was asked to clarify something -- Mike Mueller asked about -- asked a question, and I apparently misunderstood it. Mike, you were asking about the increase in the 10,000 to 20,000 square foot bucket and I was talking about the greater than 20,000 square foot bucket, so let me just modify that. Within the 10,000 to 20,000 where we saw such a big increase, it's a really small category that we've got, only 9% of our GLA, fits within the 10,000 to 20,000 square feet. And therefore, basically any leasing is going to move the needle. And we did 3 leases within that category and that's why we got the big jump. So sorry for misunderstanding that.
Brian M. Smith: Yes. First of all, I think there is a lot of upside just in leasing up what we've got. We are at 88.8% and see no reason why we can't get up to 92% or whatever. We are doing -- what you're really asking for is the kind of growth that's going to come from just aggressive asset management. And we're doing all the normal things whether -- the focus on rent growth, a focus on rent steps and occupancy. But some of the other things that fall in the category we talked about would be creating paths, creating additional GLA. And that does fall within our redevelopments. We've got example, this past quarter, how up at Speedway in Boston, we added a Chick-fil-A pad. We're adding a Panera pad at Culpepper. We're adding a Dick's at Culpepper and we're expanding some of our earlier development starts. We're taking and leasing creative space, which the market is allowing us to do now. For example, up at Speedway, we had a 100,000-square-foot store that we have Burlington Coat Factory in. They took the front 65,000 square feet. We leased the back 30,000 square feet, roughly, and that rent will actually triple in 3 years. So we're getting a good -- that's a good example of the rent increases we're getting. We are consolidating space or expanding it. We're upgrading the quality, different uses for space. For example, out of Plaza Hermosa in Southern California, there's a building that's not really part of the shopping center. It's located on a different tier. It's got plenty of parking. It will replace a nightclub with $1 billion hospital, 90-year-old company, and they're paying us almost 3% annual bumps. So -- and we talked about the strategic move-outs, much of our move-out activity now is the result of being able to replace tenants that are -- that we want to get out of there and replace with better people, better economics. And just kind of a couple of proactive things we're doing. Just to give you some examples, there's a national footwear chain that is in our Corvallis Center, and they had a right to terminate the lease, so they went ahead and they exercised it. And we instantly replaced them with a better tenant, another national tenant at much higher rent. And they came back and said, "We were just negotiating." And so I think you're starting to see that kind of leverage showing up on the landlord side that we are going to fully take advantage of.
Brian M. Smith: I think one of the other things that's going to fuel our growth going forward is not all of the markets out there have participated in this run-up and they're starting to show some good activity. I think perfect case in point is Florida, which has lagged, and all of a sudden the leasing activity is very strong there, and we're seeing real good rent growth numbers this past quarter.
Brian M. Smith: They start at the low end of the occupancy -- yes, I mean, the only thing that could happen there, I think about halfway down to the bottom of the low end are a couple of large tenants we know are going to move out. So really, you're talking about, I mean, about 70,000 square feet, could something happen, if 1 anchor surprised us and moved out, that would get you there.
