Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Hap, and good morning everyone. I’ll be brief today with the recap of results, followed by a summary of our guidance, which we did release in early January. First, Core FFO for the year increased nearly 8% over 2014. As Hap said, same property NOI growth, of 4.4%, marked the fourth consecutive year of at least 4% growth. Base rent continues to be the largest contributing factor, resulting from gains in leased shop space, strengthening embedded rent steps and strong re-leasing spreads. Small shop percent leased increased nearly 92% as move-outs remain at historically low levels. In terms of the same property portfolio, we ended the year at 95.8% leased. And this includes an impact of 30 basis points from two Haggen supermarket locations that we successfully recaptured late last year. We’re already well on our way to upgrading these shopping centers with new vibrant anchors, allowing us to create value in the near-term. The Haggen bankruptcy is a prime example of a triggering event that can lead to unlocking significant value creation through re-tenanting or through redevelopment. These opportunities exist throughout our high-quality portfolio, and our team works actively to harvest them. In fact, including our expectations for 2016 we will have invested more than $250 million in redevelopments over a four-year span at very compelling returns. Turning to G&A, let me add some color given the elevated level in the fourth quarter. As previously disclosed, please recall that we incurred a one-time expense of $2.2 million in the fourth quarter related to our recent executive management changes. Excluding this charge, net G&A expense for the full year was within the guidance range that we originally provided. Looking at 2016, our guidance remains unchanged from what we released a few weeks ago. Core FFO per share at the mid-point is expect to grow my more than 6%, with same-property NOI growth in the range of two-and-three quarters, to 3.5%. This includes a positive impact from redevelopments of less than 50 basis points. In terms of occupancy, we expect our same property portfolio to end the year in excess of 96% leased, with the possibility of a modest dip in the first quarter as we have traditionally experienced that. Turning now to capital markets activity, we continue to cost-effectively strengthen an already conservative balance sheet. By continuing to match fund our investments with property sales or common equity, when that common equity is priced reasonably in line with our view of NAV and a compelling use of funds. Consistent with that strategy, we raised $24 million during the quarter through our ATM, which will pre-fund a portion of our development spend this year. We also continued to experience healthy demand and pricing on the properties we’re taking to market. Lastly and as you saw in our press release, we announced an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.50 per share. The continued strength of our operating performance and our financial position enables us to increase our dividend, while maintaining a conservative payout ratio. Thank you for listening, and we now welcome your questions.
Lisa Palmer: Jeremy, an important thing I think to point out for the reason why we actually use the forward is because we had a definite use of proceeds. If you’ll recall, we went under contract to buy University Commons very early in the year, right, when we basically did the forward, with the delayed close. So for a forward to make sense, I think that there needs to be a very definite use of proceeds, with a definite time to sell that. Without that we would simply rely on property sales and the use of equity when it makes sense in terms of how it’s priced relative to our view of NAV.
Lisa Palmer: Really, I guess, three separate questions. I’ll take each one separately. First, in terms of what we’re trying to buy, we have not seen any changes still highly competitive in nature. There’s not a lot of product even coming to market for the types of centers that meet our investment criteria. And when they do, especially for marketed deals, there’s heightened competition. We haven’t had the need to change how we’re underwriting. We do a look-back on everything we buy and develop. And our underwriting -- our actual performance, from everything that we have bought and developed over the last four to five years has exceeded our underwriting expectations. From what we’re selling, we’re starting to hear that there’s some softening, but we haven’t seen -- for the secondary lower-quality properties. But we haven’t seen it yet. And I think I’d like to think that even though we’re selling our lower-quality, lower-growth properties, our lower-quality/lower-growth properties, on a relative basis, are still of moderate quality, if that makes sense. So we haven’t seen a whole lot of movement in those cap rates yet.
Lisa Palmer: We’re certainly very comfortable with where we are. But that doesn’t mean that we wouldn’t consider taking leverage down further, as the opportunity present itself. We would do it if it only made sense on an opportunistic basis, whether that means issuing equity if equity is priced favorably, in order to invest in a new acquisition or to fund our development program, or if even, though this would have to be a significant, significant premium -- has it made sense to deliver more by using cash, and or equity to reduce the amount of debt we have outstanding.
Lisa Palmer: No, not at this time, and I think you might recall, last year, we actually didn’t really see that seasonal dip. But 2016 is a different year, and they’re, as we’ve talked about on this call already, the economy is even more fragile than it was 12 months ago. So I think there is just -- we just can’t be certain what may happen for the rest of this quarter.
Lisa Palmer: First, let me answer by saying what ‘15 was because I think that when you think about in relative to ‘16, I think it’s an important comparison. In 2016, we actually had about 100 -- I am sorry, in 2015, we had approximately 150 basis points of our growth came from occupancy list, if you will, so percent lease commenced. And then we had 140 basis points from rent steps and 110 from rent growth. And I know you all get sick of us pointing to our slide in our investor presentation about how we’re going to achieve our 3% same property NOI growth, but it’s really important to think about that. So when you think about ‘16, we should get about 140 basis points from our contractual rent steps. And with rent growth near double digits over the past 12 months and with the same expectation going forward, we should get another 110 to 120 basis points from that. So that gets us very near to bottom end of our range. Then we have 50 basis points plus or minus that we’re expecting from redevelopment. That takes us up to about -- call that 3.25, and so the range moving down the 275 or up to the upper part of our range will really depend on how some of these bankruptcies and/or move-out may impact or the ability just to continue to push our percent lease and our percent commence north of what it is today.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, one thing that’s really difficult to communicate to you all is the number of those leases that have stated options. And when you have larger boxes with either smaller increases in rents and their option period or even flat which is very often the case, the lease expiration schedule doesn’t capture that.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, but our general philosophy on dividend increases is that basically manage it down until we get to the point where we are more or less at our legal limit and the dividend increase will mirror our earnings increase. And reason for that in terms of managing down, you know,, cash is king and we are developer, and to the extent that we can use free cash flow to fund our developments versus issuing equity or selling property, we believe that makes a lot of sense.
Lisa Palmer: Given that the legal limit is probably somewhere in the low 60s and we’re slightly below 64% on a Core FFO ratio and low 70s on AFFO, and we’re just about 72%; we're awfully close.
Lisa Palmer: I’ll start now, and I will let Hap add any color if he wants, but Mike now, in fact we’re not seeing any change whatsoever. There’s not a lot of supply of that type of center that meet our investment criteria. And when they do come to market -- and it’s very difficult to find them off market transaction as you know. There has to be some type of established relationship connection for that to happen. So for those at our market, we’re seeing our REIT brothering still competing for those centers and a lot of institutional capital as well. There is evidence of a center that traded recently in San Francisco with an un-levered IRR in the mid size. There is still a lot of capital pursuing the high-quality grocer anchor shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: And I’ll just remind you, Rich, even though we may have had more medical kind of the doc in the box, the dentists, the chiropractors, and we like those uses. It was a never meaningful percentage of our space. It went from 2.5% to 5%. So it’s a meaningful increase, but still a pretty small percentage of our space.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. Chris, for better or for worse, we already thought about the fact that we had a pretty chunky maturity in 2017, a couple of years ago. And we have hedged -- we have $220 million of forward-starting slots in place. So our interest rate risk is already hedged, if you will, for approximately -- for a $250-million unsecured bond offering, and we have no other plans at this time to do anything beyond that.
Lisa Palmer: I don’t know that we’ve ever set a feeling of 92%. Let me go back a little back of history, back -- we reached our peak of small shop percent lease of 92.1, I believe in ‘06 or ’07, maybe even early '08, but as Hap just said, our portfolio is of much higher quality today due to a lot of the actions that we’ve taken. So I do believe that we could exceed the 92%. However, we’re not necessarily counting on it. So I go back to my -- the earlier question about the components of growth in our 2016 guidance. And for us, to reach the upper-end or our range, we’re going to have to increase the percent lease of small shops. And I would say the lower end would be more stable.
Hap Stein: No, it’s just we -- our developments are extremely well-conceived, focused on shopping centers that are going to make sense for the long-term. We do a significant amount of pre-leasing, it’s definitely sponsored by great anchor tenants, and where we have a strong indication of interest from side shop retailers. What we may do though is we may decide as a result of kind of what may be happening out there is, in the environment, is decided to, and we’ve done this in the past, is decide to pay some of the side shop space. But at the same point in time, we’ve got a very focused development program. Our exposure to development is substantially less than it was going into the last down cycle. So we feel like we’re very well-positioned to continue to grow the development program on a disciplined basis.
Hap Stein: We’re not seeing that. Our teams continue to be very bullish about the market. Our pipeline is continually on par or pace with what we’ve seen in the past. So really we’re not seeing a slow down at this point, quite frankly.
Hap Stein: A comment on both on the side shop retailers and restaurants, and on the grocers, and secondary anchors, there continues to be good demand for the best base, the best center, et cetera, but one of the things that is reassuring to me, and different from going in the last downturn, is they seem to be making very thoughtful and rational decisions. And that is somewhat comforting to us. Because I think that provides a more sustainable and more positive outlook for the long-term.
Hap Stein: And what we are also seeing is an uplift in merchandizing related to that -- related to merchandizing part of Fresh Look and place-making part of Fresh Look, we’re also getting better rate growth and better NOI growth even above what we have originally anticipated.
Hap Stein: And one market that obviously has our attention and we're lot focused on is Houston. You might speak to that, Jim.
Hap Stein: Yes, and key is from our standpoint is we would rather give up a few basis points in returns to have the right risk adjusted -- have the right development and even pass on the development, or we have the right development with the right anchors and the right lineup of side shops and maybe even phases and pick up the return when there is a little bit more certainty out there.
Hap Stein: Yes, as Jim and Mac said, it’s restaurants, it’s fitness, and it’s pet stores; those are the three, so to speak, [technical difficulty] service users out there.
Hap Stein: Well, I mean I can tell we haven’t seen significant change in the last three months. In terms of broad-based expansion by tenants in all different categories, we feel positive about it. I mean the natural cycle of retailers, you’ll see certain categories get too crowded. We’ve seen that in let’s say burgers for example or frozen yogurt, but they are very small margin. And we’re very selective with the tenants that we sign up and that's because we have the right amount of shop space, and you can see that in our occupancy and you can see in our rent growth. So, no material change from three months ago, but as we mentioned before, we are remindful of that and our ears are to the ground. But we haven’t seen anything to reveal.
Hap Stein: Demand, I just want to be clear. Demand remains broad and deep. But at the same time, I think anybody in this environment that isn’t cognizant of the macro-events that are going around -- I mean, look, using a baseball analogy, this expansion has lasted a while. Let’s just say we’re in the seventh inning. There is a chance that we -- that this expansion could get rained, postponed due to a recession. And we don’t know whether the recession is going to be very shallow, like 2000, or deep, like in L.A. Most of the recessions in the past, just except for one or two have been pretty shallow. And that 2000 recession had very little impact, if at all on our rent growth, our occupancy, and our NOI growth. Or, I think there’s still a better chance that we’re going to continue –- the economy is going to continue to muddle on at least to the ninth inning. And it may be even to -- but it’s going to end at some point in time. And the key thing is the things that we can control, is the quality of our portfolio, the quality of our tenants within that portfolio. And the team is intensely focused on that. The quality of our developments and making sure that our development program is right-sized, and it has importance is at all, is the quality of the balance sheet. And our balance sheet has never been in better shape. And those are the ingredients that, well, as I said, not only allow us to thrive if things continue, if the economy continues to grow or muddle through, but also to withstand and weather the next downturn, and maybe even profit from that. So we just wanted to let you know in the call that we’re aware of the macro environment that’s out there. And I would think another key thing is, we haven’t seen any indications yet, whether it’s capital markets, from a demand for our shopping center, whether it’s tenant demand, both on the side-shop basis, or the anchor and the secondary-anchor basis.
Hap Stein: Thank you for your time on the call. And everybody have a great rest of the week, and a great weekend. Thank you very much.
Jim Thompson: We do have three sports authorities. And at the end of the day, we’re not seeing a lot of upside in those deals, but we feel very confident that if we get them back that there’s a good re-let opportunity, and I guess about a 50 basis points of total rents. So our exposure is unanimous.
Jim Thompson: Not a lot of color. I think the categories we’re seeing the most activity on today would be the restaurants, typically the chef-driven restaurants, the specialty fitness-type uses, as well as the pet category. And as we continue to get space back, our remerchandising, we get some pretty good pops when we go to those categories. We see those rents generally significantly higher than all the rest.
Jim Thompson: I think in general if you kind of look at the board spectrum of our portfolio and look back at ‘15, I think really every market held it's own and there is really no laggards or challenges. As we look forward to ‘16, I think the same is true. One market that’s kind of outperformed is Florida, but that was probably quite frankly one of the last to pop back. So it’s throwing up some good numbers over the last three years, but in general, across the board, all the four pillars are performing quite well.
Jim Thompson: Right. In Houston, we are blessed with a -- I think a very strong top performing portfolio. The assets are well located with average household incomes of $140,000; 98% leased, almost 5% same property NOI growth for 2015, which was over pretty good hurdle in ‘14. So we feel like we’re somewhat insulated from economic headwinds there, but we obviously are -- keep our finger on the pulse and making sure we’re keeping an eye on that. So we feel good about that -- very good about that portfolio.
Jim Thompson: Yes, Jim, you hit it on the head. That is absolutely smoke signal when you start to hear tenants coming back and trying to renegotiate and balking. We are not seeing any of that at this point. But again our property managing folks and folks in the fields clearly understand that is the smoke signal, a warning sign. And our property management folks are also -- sales is a big indicator, so they are out, they are talking to tenants, talking to grocers, and getting anecdotal information almost on a weekly basis. So we are keeping our finger on the pulse.
Mac Chandler: Yes, I'd say on the develop side it’s almost to the contrary. We’re seeing on the specialty grocers, and the best-in-class traditional grocers, they’re expanding to new markets. So two examples, Wegmans has announced they’ll push into the North Carolina, which is one our favorite markets. And Publix is moving up into Virginia. So, really to the contrary, we’re seeing expansion by these best-in-class grocers.
Mac Chandler: Well, it’s really no different than most years. We have a very full pipeline of projects. But whether our projects start or not, sometimes it’s dependant on external forces, such as entitlement, such as an anchor lease getting signed in time. So projects can move forward, certainly by external events. And that’s why we got into somewhat wide, but really if you look at the pipeline for ’16, ’17, we’ve got $600 million worth of projects that we’re deep into. And they’re not all unique, but the pipeline visibility looks really good, and they’re best-in-class grocers, we like what we see.
Mac Chandler: It doesn’t, but it’s a pretty broad range, as you know. It’s only 30 days old. So we stand behind it.
Mac Chandler: Well, I guess I'd answer that a couple of ways. Our Fresh Look initiative really permeates the entire portfolio. So some centers are identified as Fresh Look and others are not. Really it’s a philosophy of upgrading tenants throughout the portfolio, and in select redevelopments that help our competitive position. But if you look at some of our recent redevelopments, in those we’ve had the opportunity to really dig deeper into the design aspect of those projects and the remerchandising. Those have performed really well, and you can look at the incremental returns. They are very strong and the spreads on those are very compelling. So we think it’s a successful program, but it never ends. We start over every year. So we think it’s a real competitive advantage for us.
Mac Chandler: Yes. The only thing I would add is with tenants expanding in the new markets, I don’t think it provides so much competition that our returns are going up, development still is competitive as always. So, we don’t think that will change. And we’re seeing some markets where people have actually dropped their returns. But in certain of those cases, those are risk adjusted returns. But when we look at new development, we always look at the quality of grocer, the location, and if the center once complete going to be accretive to our quality. So we are very mindful of too many grocers in any one trade area and that’s a big part of our discipline that goes into who we sign up.
