Mike Mas: Hey Katy, it's Mike. I'll take that one. Appreciate the question. Maybe just -- let me color up some stats around on our cash basis pool on a collection rate. I think that'll get you where you need to go. So for the first quarter of 2021, we've collected 78% of rents from our cash basis tenants. That is up from 75% a quarter ago. Interestingly, recast the fourth quarter, we have now collected 79%, so kind of flat. What's most interesting to us and what's driving a lot of improvement our guidance range is the trajectory in the current year. So let me just throw these as sequentially month-over-month. January cash pool 67% to February 73%, to March 77%, and in April, we're at 81%. So this -- it's this reality and the numbers that's not necessarily presenting itself in the Q1 report in the numbers, but it's what's giving us the confidence to increase our cash collection rate going forward. It's really that March and April success as compared to January and February. And last time, we spoke to everyone, early February; it was -- it wasn't the time for darker than they are today. We were experiencing more rollbacks on the West Coast, all of that has changed. And it's that the March and April performance that's given us the confidence to move our numbers forward. As you think about our range on a same-property basis, it's really about uncollectible lease income more than it is about move-out activity. When you think about the fungibility of those two numbers, we can have move-outs, but it's already incorporated into our uncollectible lease income projections. So for us, we'd like to talk about net effective rent pay and occupancy. Right now we're in the mid, 86%, 87% range. And as I mentioned on the prepared remarks, that's up 50 basis points sequentially in the first quarter. So for us, we think from a net effective perspective, we've troughed in our occupancy rate, and we're starting to move forward we're converting tenants to cash basis from non-rent paying status. And that is again the tailwind behind that improvement. As you think about the ends of the ranges, basically, the midpoint is we'll call for gradual improvement through the year from the first quarter. And then more or higher rates of collection on cash basis tenants supporting the upper end and lower percentage of cash basis as paying us on the bottom end. Just a little nugget, which I find helpful and I think you will, 1% collection rate on cash basis tenants is about $3 million of total revenues to Regency. So when you think about the range of our same-property growth that's roughly $10 million up or down from the midpoint. So that that'll help you frame out that. Within our guidance range, we don't have to get to 100% collection to hit the upper end of our range. It's about a roughly a 3% tolerance on either end. So I threw a lot at you Katy. I hope that's helpful. If you have any follow-ups, I'd be happy to take them.
Mike Mas: I'll start with a disclosure and let Jim talk about the project. But Derek it's a multi-phase project. It's going to -- the phases will expand over multiple years for us. So I think what we'll see is that there is some visibility to delivering on the first phase of that project, which will include the large scale investment we're making into the interior portion them all together with the new pads we're building out on the exterior replacing some defunct previous retail sites. So that will we have a lot of confidence we'll finish and deliver in 2021. But the rest -- the multi-phased approach to the project will expand over multiple years from this point forward.
Mike Mas: Sure. Really quickly on the impact of Q1 Rich and I'll hand it off to Jim. But prior period collections was a 950 basis point boost to our same-property growth rate in the quarter.
Mike Mas: We do have, it's beyond Westbard, we have the -- to facilitate an active redevelopment pipeline, there's going to be some disruption in NOI, Greg, as you know, and we have about $2 million of decline baked into our plan for 2021. And then we would bring that back up starting in 2022 and beyond in the accretion from those redevelopments.
Mike Mas: It's actually, Greg, I know this if we the lease that Jim talked about in the anchor side of a new renew rent at the fitness center. If you were to use the full rent at the end of year three, that basically wipes out the negative impact on the new lease spreads and brings us to flat. But generally, I think the mix this quarter is basically a flat type of story.
Mike Mas: Yes. Hi Ki Bin. Let me start with a little bit of disclosure response, maybe and then I know Lisa will jump in from just a capital allocation perspective. This -- we did make a change and a tweak to the Serramonte number really just to include the GLA of the entire center, as we do for all other re-developments. We had realized that we weren't including all the GLA on site. So that's not really a scope change. But we are -- we do remain bullish on that -- on that redevelopment project at Serramonte. From a forward-looking perspective, you did pick up on that $175 million of forward capital spend. Really kind of just a placeholder and our intent has been pretty consistent. We would like to put to work anywhere from, plus or minus a billion dollars over the next five years. And we want to put that capital to work in the form of new development ground up, as well as redevelopment of our existing shopping centers. And we are looking forward to getting back on our front foot and making progress and building those pipelines from here, starting with Carytown Phase 2 and Westbard.
Mike Mas: Sure. The process we'll be very careful. We need, Linda it's much more -- the standard is much more of an assessment about the future rent paying ability than the past. And while the past is set as oftentimes reflective of that kind of ability to pay rent, it won't simply be a light switch where you've come current; therefore you're back to accrual basis. We're going to need -- we're going to need to build a track record, we're going to need to hit some thresholds on our ability to project the forward rent inability of those tenants. So that assessment likely isn't going to occur at Regency until later this year. We have included no change on straight line rent into our guidance. And you'll see that in our revised ranges is still plus or minus $30 million. So we've incorporated no change in moving tenants back to accrual.
Mike Mas: I'll take that. Stimulus did have a lot to do with it, we think. But the categories driving our prior period rent collections is it's the same that were driving our reserves last year, right. So local buyers, small shop buyers, West Coast buyers generally and when we think about categories, it's fitness, restaurants, personal services, entertainment. Those have been the more variable type of revenue streams, and that's what we're seeing coming to door now.
Mike Mas: Sure. So let me get a little bit technical to help and then we'll kind of bring it up bigger picture. But so the fourth quarter, it's a little bit apples and oranges a little bit, but we’re trying to make an apples-to-apples, fourth quarter had about a $500,000 positive impact from prior periods in that number. And then the first quarter of 2021 had about $1 million additives related to CAM reconciliations. So there's a bit of a seasonal component to it, right. So we build CAM recs with cash expensed [ph] so that amplifies the bad debt expense. So the apples-to-apples change is really about a $1.5 million of improvement. So you don't see that on the surface. But then I kind of go back to my earlier comments. And really, we were seeing the improvement in our cash basis tenant, collection rate, so late in the quarter of March and then extending beyond the quarter of April. That's what's giving us the confidence to increase our outlook moving forward. And Wes, even, if you think about it, big picture collection rate on the top is basically unchanged, right quarter-over-quarter 93% plus or minus the same. That I think that helps frame out that sequential question you have.
Mike Mas: Yes, no, I appreciate you asking because we didn't get to that point. So beyond just an increase in current year collection, rate, we have also included an increase in the collection with 2020 reserve rate. So we had 125 basis points in our original guidance, we now have 425 basis points positive impact in our guidance range. So that's an incremental 300 basis points, so think about that in dollars, that's roughly $30 million at the midpoint in our new range. And as you can see in the results, we've already collected $20 million of that, in fact, through April; we collected another $4 million. So we're 80% through our guidance range on 2020 reserved collections.
Mike Mas: It's a net effect of rent paying occupancy. So it's not a number that we report on it's basically commenced occupancy adjusted for uncollectible lease income. So that's in the 86% to 87% range today. We could trough -- we could lose more occupancy on a percent leased or commenced occupancy -- or commenced basis in the second, third quarters even but what we think matters financially is the convert, it's the fungibility again of move-out and uncollectible and we have increased our effective rent paying occupancy in the first quarter by about 50 basis points and we're moving in the right direction. I think the leasing activity that Jim and the team did in the first quarter is again another kind of confidence builders, as we think about moving or moving occupancy forward through the balance of 2021.
Mike Mas: Hey, following that really no change in what we said previously, late 2022, certainly on a full-year 2023 is what we're talking about internally as a recovery type of period. It's important to remember, there's a lot of crossover going on between 2020 and 2021, right. And then it's producing a lot of growth, quote-unquote in 2021. But we have lost 200 basis points that come as occupancy. And that recovery period will take longer, as it always has; finding the tenant, negotiating a lease, building out the space, commencing rent is a process. That's really what's going to at the end of the day result in when we end, where we end and how that relates to 2019 and how quickly we can get there. What's happening with the uncollectible lease income between 2020 and 2021 is -- it's a shallower trough, but it's not necessarily changing the endpoint. That's where this vacancy number matters. And it all matters because it's all cash, but that vacancy number is going to influence where we end and how in relation to 2019.
Mike Mas: Yes, Tammi. We historically have done really a pretty good job of embedding growth in our underwriting so that we don't get caught flat flooded. And looking over our shoulder we've done a pretty nice job of that in existing pipeline deals. So obviously, underwriting it's just a fact out there. Construction is a challenge pricings staff; deliverables are very difficult right now. So all of those factors would go into the mixer in our thought process as we look at our underwriting and pipeline.
Mike Mas: Sure, Tammi, we bought out a lease in connection with the sale of a former shopping center called Pleasanton. And so with the last lease remaining, we had to buy that out to deliver that site to the buyer. The buyer is building basically an office building and corporate headquarters.
Mike Mas: Chris, I think at this point, it's -- that's kind of behind us, the hesitation to open it's much like the foot traffic as people have come back and most of our assets that were in that predicament we're seeing, either the tenant that chose not to go-forward has been replaced by in a lot of cases, similar use because it's the right merchandising mix, it may have been partially built out along those line. So it was almost a natural that those same users get to backfill, but we're seeing people move forward with the opportunities today.
Mike Mas: I wouldn't say it's impacting decision process right now. But it certainly is it's a reality out in the workplace. We hear it from retailers, restaurant tours to soft goods to get across the gamut. It's a real issue, trying to find labor, so more to come. Hopefully, there'll be some changes from the legislative changes that may be impactful to get folks interested in coming back to work. But there's definitely a lack of supply from last year.
Mike Mas: Yes, it's nearly 40% West Coast on the prior period collection and about a third kind of in the Southeast.
Mike Mas: Yes, the latter, recovery overall. It's been exciting to see the level of activity in amount we spend, very, very difficult to operate in over the last year. But we're seeing that same, same leasing activity in volume in the West Coast as we're across the country.
Lisa Palmer: Katy, it's Lisa. I'll take that. We do not have anything embedded in guidance for an equity raise. We view equity, it's a -- it is a capital source to fund our growth. And to the extent that we are able to issue equity and put it to work accretively on a long-term earnings basis -- long-term earnings growth basis, we will do that. And I think we have a really great track record in doing so. So it's tied to opportunities. And opportunities, compelling opportunities, acquisition, free cash flow, still funding, our development pipeline, so always an arrow in the quiver, and one that we will use when we can use it accretively.
Lisa Palmer: And we like that Craig, right. I mean any additional traffic into our centers will benefit us. It's more eyes on our shop space. They may be different trips. But it still becomes the shopping center of choice and where the consumers that are close to their homes, look to go to when they need something right, whether it's goods, services, or food. We think that it really is a benefit to our shopping centers. And we like that we are in close proximity to people's home.
Lisa Palmer: And really focused on continuing to build that development pipeline so that we can get back to kind of pre-COVID levels in terms of our starts and spend on an annual basis.
Lisa Palmer: And if I may just add just a little bit bigger picture, I think if we spoke a year ago at Mary, we talked about what the impact we thought might be. And gosh, we were really, we had very little information at that time, so much uncertainty. And I know that I spoke to many of you about, we would expect that we would see some decline in market rents. I can sit here today and say we're not seeing that. And that is because number one, we all performed so much better I think that we all feared that we may have. And it also speaks to the tailwinds in our sector. And the fact that we own quality shopping centers close to consumers' homes and in where tenants -- where our retailers and our service providers know that they're going to have highly productive stores. They are willing to pay as Jim just said those market leading rents to be in the best locations. And we're really well-positioned to capture that. And there still remains limited new supply and limited new competitive supply. What I mean by that is supply that is equal in terms of the quality of what we offer. And so I like looking forward and believe that we will continue to demand those market leading rents and grow NOI from this point forward.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. I'd be a little bit careful with the ability to pay double rent, because a lot of that is being driven by a lot of the stimulus that is being provided by our government. Without that I'm not certain that many tenants would be able to pay double rents, because if they weren't then we weren't charging rents high enough. And I believe that we push rents to where we can. So I would think that again, I think about that we are returning to a healthy kind of pre-COVID environment with even more support and conviction that we own the right retail. We are in the right sector in terms of part of the retail offering for where tenants want to be in for where consumers want to shop.
Lisa Palmer: Your mother sounds like she might want to come work for Regency, I'll let Jim and Mike talk to that on disruption and whatnot.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, yes, and yes which is more seriously, we still believe that the best use of our capital is on our redevelopment opportunities and development opportunities. And we will continue to try to rebuild that pipeline, if you will, and increase that spend. And then we're also -- we are canvassing the market for acquisition opportunities and we will pursue those that align well with our strategy. And we've typically been successful, where we have been able to leverage that same redevelopment or development expertise that allows us perhaps to underwrite slightly better growth or leasing or some value creation. So we are looking at all and we do have the capacity to do that. And we will, again, pivoting to grow from here.
Lisa Palmer: We do not have the data to measure dwell time. We just have the visits, what we do; we are able to measure where the people that are visiting our center, what other centers are visiting. So we are able to do comparative measures for that. But again, I have said this, even pre-COVID that every shopper can essentially do what they need to do, really from their homes. The reason to come to the center is going to be value convenience. And then also for entertainment, if you will, our place, it's a place to go. And I think that over the past 12 months. One thing again, that has really been solidified that that human beings generally are social beings, and they want interaction, and they want to get out of their homes and they want to shop they don't just want to buy. So I do believe the benefit of, if you have anchors that are very good at opus that offers the same shoppers the value and the convenience at the same time that becomes their neighborhood shopping center. And it is where they will then go when they do have other needs and other ones, if you will to shop. So that's the benefit. And I also believe the data will get better. And in time we will be measuring dwell time at our shopping centers. But we're not there yet.
Lisa Palmer: I don't know that how much to add, I think Mike said it really well. And just that we remain committed to development, it is -- it has been -- it is a core competency of Regency. I believe we have one of if not the best teams in the business, that development expertise benefits, our ability to maximize and optimize the value of our operating assets, in addition to ground up developments. And we are always looking to expand that and it enhances our future growth rate is with that $100 million of free cash flow that we're generating to the extent that we've put that to work in developments at approximately 7% returns that benefits all of us.
Lisa Palmer: As we've been speaking to you over the past year, cap rates remain pretty sticky for the neighborhood grocery anchored shopping centers, and that hasn't been they may have moved very marginally up. And I would say that's been that's been wiped out and they'd come back down to where they were. We are seeing some new money coming into the sector, but they're -- it's chasing more of as you just said, chasing more yield versus the alternative investments, opportunities for them. I think that the capital flowing into the neighborhood grocery anchored shopping centers, there was already a pretty -- it was already pretty substantial. So that hasn't changed much. Where we are seeing the notable new capitals is more in the higher yield larger unconventional centers where there is distress. So that would be typically in areas where Regency really wouldn't play.
Lisa Palmer: I'll take the beginning of that and I might turn it over to Mike for the D&A category. Northborough was came to us as part of -- it's an unwind of a JV that we inherited it with the Equity One merger. So that is part of the reason for the disposition. But also that when we look at that when we think about prioritizing assets for disposition, it's the lower growth, non-strategic assets and a strategic asset and that would fit in this category. I'm not sure I know exactly on which tier [ph].
Lisa Palmer: I wouldn't say that the pandemic and isolation if you think about the impacts on tenants has necessarily changed, how we're thinking about where we may want to deploy capital. But some of perhaps the more permanent trends that were that may, that we're seeing from the pandemic have influenced, how we're thinking about where we may deploy capital. What I mean by that is a lot of the migration trends in terms of potentially opening or widening the fairway for us with regards to markets where we may invest. And I don't necessarily mean that we're going to go to brand new markets. But if you take a market that we're in like Atlanta, for example, we've been very focused in Hawaii if you will, right, the first ring of Atlanta now with a more permanent, more remote work, people we're seeing migrations pattern of people moving a little bit further away from the city. And so that may open up more opportunities for us in markets that we already know, we're already in, we already have scale, we already have critical mass, where we may be able to kind of expand that that reach, if you will, that's probably the largest influence in terms of where we're looking to deploy capital. But beyond that, our strategy has not changed. We still will develop, redevelop, acquire high quality, well located grocery anchored neighborhood, and community shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: Thanks for the question. Again, I would say generally speaking, when for the past -- prior to the last three months where we've really seen the transaction market open up a lot more. Prior to that, the properties that we're trading and centers that we're trading were on a much smaller size. So really grocer anchored with small shops that were easier to underwrite, because of the essential tenants that were in the shopping centers, just a smaller bite size. With the improved environment, retail environment, the improvement just overall of our economy, we have seen the transaction market open more. So now there are properties and we are -- that are trading that wouldn't have even traded before. This goes back to what I said about new capital coming in, looking for higher yields. So those wouldn't even have traded. That's the larger, more unconventional more entertainment. With regards to boxes, there's definitely a premium. So cap rates are higher for where there are additional boxes. And while in the short-term, you've seen higher collection rates because they're typically occupied by national tenants that are paying rents. There is still the risk that over the long-term as there continues to be shrinking GLA and consolidation especially with the impact from e-commerce. That is where we're going to see the greatest fallout and also what requires the greatest amount of capital to release. So there is a premium for higher cap rates for those types of centers.
Lisa Palmer: I don't know that it's much different than it was pre-COVID, it's going to be depending on, it's always it depends in our sector, and in real estate generally, but more boxes in centers generally will push up cap rates due to the long-term risks anywhere from 50 basis points to 100 basis points, depending on what the market is in -- what market bps, shopping centers in. And that's really not that difference from pre-COVID. The difference is they weren't traded prior to the past three months.
Lisa Palmer: I think that, interestingly, the first thing that came in mind that you started to answer that is the same thing about liquidity and financial strength. And since we did learn that so well in past downturns, I would just have to say that it just -- it really, really solidifies how important it is to keep that balance sheet extremely strong and how you -- how you enter that downturn is so important. And that is what has enabled us to provide the support to our tenants that we're providing, it enabled us to maintain our dividends and it also coming out of it it's still strong enough that we're able to act on opportunities as they -- as we -- as they come to fruition. So that's the biggest lesson learned, remain true, remain disciplined, even when times are booming, and you will be in a position to take advantage of any disruption or distress when that downturn does happen.
Lisa Palmer: I'd say that there's always going to be, the mix of that's going to change because again, I'll just bring it back to the core competency, the best team in the business, the way that we are even structured regionally and proud versus functionally, right from the development team and an operations team, we bring that expertise to bear on our existing portfolio as well. And really maximizing the value of those properties is going to continue to be an important part of our strategy. At the same time, last quarter, we had two new starts; they're both ground up developments. So we're continuing to pursue and look for those opportunities also and I believe we'll have success in both.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you again for the Regency team. But also thank you all for being on the call with us today and as I opened in my remarks, I know it's been a long week and a long earnings season and I appreciate you being with us on a Friday afternoon. Have a great weekend.
Jim Thompson: Craig, this is Jim. I'll take that. As you'd expect, we're seeing a lot more actually. In interesting anecdote, if you talk to -- as I talked to Kroger, they indicated their click and collect program is 4x of historical. We're seeing all the major brands look at some form of BOPIS for collection arrangement. So it's clearly here to stay, I think it's an additional leg of getting product to the consumer, driving traffic at the store is still obviously getting people in the store is the best method for a grocer. But second best is being able to have it picked up or delivered to the car at curbside. So I think it's definitely a trend that's here to stay.
Jim Thompson: Jim again. I'll -- we're seeing as evidenced by our Q1 leasing, real strong activity out there. The 266,000 feet we did a new leasing in Q1 is highest in five years as indicated in the prepared remarks. Our pipelines are strong. Mike mentioned Cary, Phase 2 -- Carytown Phase 2. That's a current development that were 85% leased on Phase 1 took a pause during the pandemic and have very good pre-leasing and appetite for space. We're obviously diving into Phase 2 to get that product online. So we are seeing good activity in new leasing as well as existing portfolio.
Jim Thompson: Derek, good question, and I guess the short answer on changes to lease structure is not on the margin, but really no -- no real change. I think the one thing we are seeing from a leasing standpoint is the time from negotiation to RCD. I think permitting is taking longer, decision trees are taking longer, but other than that front-end time extension, deal terms are generally holding. The percent rent is a tricky that used to be everybody's metric of how well a tenant is performing is based upon their sales and their ability to pay rent, et cetera. But that's become -- it's become very muddy with the internet sales. So each tenant does it differently. It's a place where data has become a really helpful tool for us to in addition to sales, compare trips to help us evaluate real volume and potential sales at least at a location. We don't do a whole lot of percent rent work, it's generally in our groceries, which is a little cleaner or has been cleaner. But now with some of the online, I'm not sure how that is going to get reported. But we just don't -- we don't have that much exposure to percentage rent, but it is a tricky, that's a tricky area, I think going forward. In dedicated parking, I think at this point, we're very accommodating to our tenants to help them distribute their product. So we're not looking at that as necessarily a rental stream impact as much as continuing to drive traffic and their ability to be as successful as they can as our anchor.
Jim Thompson: Yes, as far as leasing activity today within the mall, we've just executed a real high-end quality restaurant tour. We'd get good activity with some name brand recognizable. I will call them junior anchors, but larger interior mall tenants that I think will really enhance our merchandising mix. We continue to work on opportunity with the J.C. Penney box, more to come on that, but we are getting some good traction on that anchor space. So overall, we love the real estate. It's fantastic. It's -- we're very happy, we're open for business, the tenants and the consumers are happy that we're back at it. And there is -- there's definitely a buzz as that marketplace continues to regain some consumer confidence in getting back out in the environment.
Jim Thompson: Yes, Rich. As I indicated, I think leasing in general the terms and appetite, and types of uses, we're seeing really across the board. All of these is kind of coming back to the table, even the ones that have been impacted the most, which gives me comfort when you see the fitness and personal services folks coming back into the marketplace, when they have been the most impacted with new locations. It indicates to me that there is a place for them in the future. And there are obviously going to be failures, but there are people ready with new capital will step in those places. So overall, again, we're seeing for essential, we're seeing really good activity as well as rent growth. I think in those more non-essential and more difficult challenge spaces, we're being more creative and selective in helping those folks build back their business without as far as overall rent spreads go. As you know, we're heavily dependent on the mix between anchor and shops and anchor releasing is generally where we have our biggest impact to mark-to-market opportunities. But in this particular quarter, we had an outlier anchor deal that was quite frankly had -- was driving some negative spreads. But having said that, give you a little color on that deal, it was well capitalized fitness franchisee who was moving down from the northeast, I think because of COVID and backfill the space in South Florida that had been vacant four plus years. It was previously occupied by an education facility. But we structured a low rent start to helping build his business with a 60%, kick and bump rent bump in year three, zero landlord capital for tier [ph] white box. Long-term it's a great addition to this summer, because it's going to drive some traffic in that location. It's been vacant, like I said, for over four years. And the deal structure from our perspective is extremely appropriate for the long-term go to the center. So we really continue to maintain a very high conviction that our centers have always been able to combat market leading rents over time. And we'll see that changing. So that's kind of a long way around.
Jim Thompson: As far as addressing the lease is obviously that's a work -- that continues to be a work-in-progress primarily out West today, because if you look at the openings in foot traffic, most of the depressed product is still coming from the -- from the West Coast, we just now starting to really, really reopen. I'm sorry, the other question.
