Bruce M. Johnson: Thank you, Hap, and good morning, everyone. As Hap stated, our third quarter results were very good. Core FFO was $0.62 per share, $0.03 above the high end of our guidance range. Year-to-date, same-property NOI has grown 4% and continues to exceed projections. Roughly 80% of NOI growth came from increased base rent. In response of these positive results, as well as our forecast for the final 3 months of the year, we are raising guidance for 2012. Core FFO is being raised by $0.05 at the midpoint to a new range of $2.48 to $2.52. And same-property NOI growth, excluding termination fees, is now 3.6% to 4.1%. Before sharing our initial 2013 guidance with you, I'd like to remind you that we expect a significant -- to be a significant net seller this year, enabling us to reduce our total debt by approximately $170 million. Assuming a 6% spread between the cost of interest and the cap rate on dispositions, we have estimated full year impact to 2013 is roughly $0.11 of dilution. To that end, 2013 core FFO guidance is $2.45 to $2.53. In the future, we don't expect to be a net seller. Therefore, we would expect growth in 2014 and beyond to be in the 5% range. Turning to capital markets. We are committed to maintaining an already-sound balance sheet and opportunistically strengthening it even further. Let me recap the transactions we completed during the third quarter, all of which were in line with that goal. In August, we raised $75 million of Series 7 Preferred Stock at an annual dividend rate of 6%. We used those proceeds to redeem all outstanding shares of our Series 5 issuance, providing a permanent dividend savings of approximately $525,000 every year. In September, we expanded our revolving credit facility to a capacity of $800 million and extended its maturity date by 1 year to September 2017, including the extension option. In addition to our revolving credit facility, we also retain the right to draw the remaining $100 million on our term loan, which expires in mid-January 2013. Together, these bank facilities provide $900 million of capacity. We are monitoring our net commitments as it relates to these facilities to ensure significant capacity remains to provide Regency with sleep-at-night security. And finally, during the quarter, we sold nearly $22 million of stock through our ATM program, at an average price of $49.70. Now, Brian will provide more color behind our operating results and development successes.
Bruce M. Johnson: Thank you, Hap. I'm humbled by your comments. However, when you offer the last word in this group, you need to take advantage of it. This December marks 34 wonderful years that I've worked with my good friend and partner, Hap. He's been a wise leader and an incredible role model, and a personality that everyone loves. Our relationship has been very special, and I can't imagine a better 34 years. Brian and I started working together following the Pacific Retail Trust merger in 1999. But it wasn't until they moved to Jacksonville 5 years ago that I've really gotten to know him. Like Hap, he has also been a good friend and partner. His vast knowledge of and experience with shopping centers, his work ethic and his inspirational leadership set him apart in our industry. And 16 years ago, hired Lisa Palmer and we are fortunate with that decision. During her many roles at Regency, she has continued to perform like a star. Most recently, as you know, in Investor Relations and Capital Markets. I admit to feeling like a proud father as she assumes my role. As many of you know, Regency has a great culture, with an upbeat and fun family atmosphere. And in my view, it also has the best associates in the business. They are smart, professional, and important in sustaining our culture. It goes without saying that I will miss the daily interaction with the Regency family. Over the last 19 years, I've been privileged to know and work with a very talented and sharp group of investors, analysts and investment bankers. Many of you are on the call this morning. A lot of you were young when I first met you, some very, very young. I have enjoyed watching you grow, develop and progress in your roles as you have assumed more responsibility, moved to other firms and maybe back again, gained the respect of the industry, and yes, I even enjoyed your asking Regency and other REITs those difficult analyst investor questions. I will also miss the interplay with you. In 2013 and beyond, I look forward to watching Hap, Brian and Lisa take Regency to the next level. Hap alluded to my propensity to ask table questions. I won't have a question this morning, but as I turn the call over for your questions, I will leave you with a favorite 3-letter acronym. Q-T-R. Or, as Lisa prefers, QT. For those who know what that means, it's something to think about. And with that, we'll take questions. Thank you.
Bruce M. Johnson: It's actually 3 questions. I'm going to actually turn that over to Lisa, because that will all be on Lisa's watch.
Bruce M. Johnson: As a matter of fact, we'd be growing our earnings -- our top line and bottom line at higher rates than our G&A is growing.
Bruce M. Johnson: Cedrik, leased space and rent-paying? It was -- is 200 basis points, and that's 50 basis points better than it was last quarter.
Bruce M. Johnson: I don't -- it depends on the market. In California, coastal California, I don't think land values have really fallen that much at all. And other markets, if you're in secondary markets, tertiary markets, I think they clearly have fallen. So in the places where we're looking, we still see land values fairly high.
Bruce M. Johnson: I think they've been pretty stable. What's happening is you are seeing some cost increases on the -- construction costs, both materials and labor, by about 10% in the last 18 months or so. And then what you're also seeing on developments is yields compressing. There aren't that many good opportunities out there, and those that are ready to go, I think you're -- we're seeing some pretty intense competition.
Bruce M. Johnson: I would never suggest a good bottle of red wine without you buying wine away at the same time, Rich.
Bruce M. Johnson: Well, this year, our gain -- this quarter our gain in occupancy was from the capital recycling. But we're 200 basis points up quarter-to-quarter in the small shop -- I'm sorry year-to-year. And last quarter if you'd measure, I think we were 280 basis points higher. So it's coming from real leasing. As you know, the first 3 quarters of this year is the best leasing we've ever done. Last year was a record at the time as well. So it's real strong demand. The tenant sales are very good, their optimism is back. The lack of new supply is certainly helping us, so it's genuine demand, Rich.
Bruce M. Johnson: I think that the grocery business is extremely competitive. The traditional supermarkets that aren't dominant in their market are not doing well and they're losing share, obviously, to Wal-Mart, to Costco, to the higher end supermarket, et cetera. So our focus is threefold. Number one, it's the dominant kind of traditional supermarket, it's got a dominant share like a Publix in Florida, even Safeway in California. So we look at that, Kroger in a lot of markets. Then secondly, the upper-end supermarkets, grocery stores, especially supermarkets like Whole Foods, like Trader Joe's. In both cases that are generating -- very productive in generating a significant amount of sales. And then thirdly, the locations, and most important of all locations it is, as Brian says, if something bad happens, we're the going to get the space back and be able to release it to a better operator.
Bruce M. Johnson: Yes, but it is something that we watch very rigorously and monitor all the time. It's a changing landscape, but we feel in general very good about our real estate and/or our operators.
Bruce M. Johnson: Well, I think that it's a very scalable business, and I think we could easily grow it by 20%, 25% with de minimis increases in G&A. And we're not looking although if we can grow smartly and in a way that's going to grow NAV, it's something we'd like to do. But as far as growth for growth sake, it's not an important objective here, but I would say that we feel that we have the capacity to grow very efficiently. Especially -- and you can look at our footprint and the fact that we have 17 offices throughout the country, we're well postured throughout the country to build on that platform. If the right opportunities, both on the investment side and on the finance side, present themselves.
Bruce M. Johnson: Yes. I think we're kind of halfway there, mid single-digit growth on our way to 10% rent growth hopefully maybe not next year, but hopefully the following year in 2014.
Bruce M. Johnson: And one of the key things, what's financeable, and I would say that so-called commodity product of what's available for financing from a CMBS standpoint has expanded meaningfully, maybe not dramatically.
Bruce M. Johnson: And having consistency of that purpose we think makes it a lot easier on our acquisition team and our management and leasing teams.
Lisa Palmer: I think he enjoyed doing that. Yes, if you think about our business model, we've communicated in the past and we'll continue to be committed to development. We'd like to average approximately $150 million in new starts every year. And in terms of funding that, as you know, we've been an active capital recycler. We would also like to continue to do that, also in the $150 million range for acquisitions and dispositions. To the extent that -- and also, as you know, we did implement an ATM. We filed it in August. To the extent that we're able to access the equity market at an attractive price to match fund our developments, we will do that. If that's not available to us, then our disposition proceeds would fund our development commitments first, and acquisitions would follow, only to the extent that we have the available capital. So if you think about the 5% growth, if you average 2.5% same-property growth, average that, and then get the incremental growth from the developments that are coming online, because we're developing them on a very accretive basis, that will get you into the 5% range.
Lisa Palmer: I think that we plan to monitor G&A very closely, and we would expect that G&A shouldn't increase more than 3% a year.
Lisa Palmer: Sure. The first part, from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we talked on the call about being a net seller and reducing leverage by -- in the prepared remarks rather, for about $170 million. But if you look at our guidance for the remainder of the year, you'll see that we're still expecting some acquisitions to come through. So the amount that we're a net seller at this point in time is actually much greater than that. So that has more of a drag on the earnings, and that we're expecting the acquisitions to happen later in the fourth quarter. So that will get you to the difference in third quarter to fourth quarter, and then also helps for the run rate for next year. To the extent that we're able to execute on those acquisitions, that NOI will come online. In addition to that, 3% NOI growth is about $12 million a year. And so that will also -- we're going to begin to see leases commence rent paying, and we're going to see that growth take hold in 2013.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. I mean you just take the -- I mean, if you just assume that it happens in the middle of the quarter, which should be in the middle of this month, now that we're already in November.
Lisa Palmer: We have, actually, about $120 million that are expected on the market. Whether they actually close, I cannot predict that.
Lisa Palmer: If it happens, then it would not be conservative. It would be within the range. And unfortunately, I'm not able to predict at this time, if it all will happen. So we have to give a range of expectations. And that's, therefore, why we have a low end and a high end. Now, to the extent that we don't execute on the dispositions, then we would be towards the higher end of the range. And if we do, then we would be more towards the middle to the -- potentially the lower end.
Lisa Palmer: It's basically all -- 80% of it was NOI, even in the same-property growth. Same-property growth was above our guidance for the quarter and also above our expectations.
Lisa Palmer: No, I mean when you think about rent spreads, the impact of those don't happen immediately. What -- you may want to check how other companies do it, I think there's a mixed bag. We report spreads at execution of the lease, not necessarily at rent commencement. I think -- I do believe that's what the majority of our peers do. There's some that may report it at rent commencement. The primary driver of the upside was better leasing than expected and fewer move-outs.
Lisa Palmer: I mean -- I don't know the exact project that may have fallen out. But I'm happy, Paula, to get back to you on that. I mean the only thing I can think is if we pulled something forward, if this 2012 came up because our developments are performing well in-line with expectations. In fact they're also exceeding expectations, so we'll -- I'll get back to you on that.
Lisa Palmer: I'm sorry let me just come back to you. I do have the guidance page in front of me, and that's exactly what happened. We actually increased completions for 2012, so we brought 1 forward.
Lisa Palmer: Remember, I think we've told you all in the past that as occupancy increases, we basically see a like increase in recovery rates. And also credit to our team, we've done some things that haven't allowed us to increase our recovery rate and hopefully our tenants are not listening. So I think that you would see we're from an up -- from a same-property recovery rate, we're in the high -- we're close to 78% and we would expect to maintain that.
Lisa Palmer: Again, if you will consider there's been an improvement each quarter and the range is 76% to 78%. I'm talking same-property only. And we would expect to continue to see that strong recovery rate. Within the range.
Lisa Palmer: I'll take that. When you think about our partners, we really have a few really major partners. We've got GRI, which is First Washington, and CalPERS. And we have CalSTRS state of Oregon, they're our really -- they're our most significant partners and every single one of them have the same objective of holding real estate long-term as we do. They may be in a recycling mode, for example, Oregon, has, again, similar to the Regency strategy. The other 2 would like to grow rather than be a source of acquisitions for Regency. We do have the [indiscernible] properties and we had talked earlier about potentially selling those even this year and it's been decided that we're going to hold those for at least, call it the medium-term. So there are no opportunities at this time, for us to grow through acquiring properties through any of our partnerships. And if anything we may incrementally grow those that have the demand. If you'll recall from a couple of quarters ago, CalSTRS recently committed an additional $100 million of equity to us, which is a vote of confidence in our partnership.
Lisa Palmer: Exactly what Regency would be looking for and as we've had conversations in the past, we are -- we have a rotation basis, if you will, for acquisition opportunities and we are obligated to show our acquisition opportunities to CalSTRS and to the state of Oregon, and then Regency would be the third in that rotation. And to the extent that, for example, we bought Lake Grove earlier this year, to the extent that maybe it's a larger asset or a new market, we may look to one of our other partners to co-invest with us, but that's at our option. And we did do that with GRI for that asset. But to the extent of what they're looking for, their objectives are aligned with ours. So our acquisitions team is out there in the market and they have the same mandate and it's blind to who will be the actual applier of that.
Lisa Palmer: Steve, if you can call them and ask them and get them to give you a number, we'd love it. They're actually -- I mean they're never that specific, right? Real estate is going to depend on each and every asset, but if you think about what we've talked about, we're looking at -- well, look at our -- the asset we just bought in Southern California in San Diego. It was going in approximately a 5%, but with the potential redevelopment, well, the actual redevelopment, we're going to be able to grow that, stabilize yields close to 6%, an incremental return on capital north of 8%. That gets you to, call it, an IRR unlevered in the 7% range, and I think that, that's -- that would meet a hurdle today.
Lisa Palmer: And I would -- and I'll just add color that despite that, rent growth is -- even when you strip those out, rent growth was still positive 3 -- 4% for the quarter, 3% for the year and over 80% of our leases had positive rent growth.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. It was more of '11 being low. There's nothing unusual. I mean generally speaking, our tenants are much healthier. There aren't any surprises.
Lisa Palmer: We're not seeing any significant changes in terms of actually recovering operating expenses. And to the point about margins, and we've talked about this internally, ground leases actually are in the expenses line items. So it actually negatively impacts your recovery rate and we recently have acquired a couple of properties that are on ground leases and that unfortunately is a permanent change for as long as we own those properties. So maybe we can do a better job of disclosing that to help you get to a more sustainable recovery rate and it's something we'll talk about internally. Because there's no significant change in terms of actual margin on operating expenses. If anything from -- if we were to get back to 95%, I would say we've improved that.
Michael Bilerman: So in terms of we're sitting here in the first week of November, how much -- you have $145 million, I guess, at the higher end, $150 million of additional sales baked into the fourth quarter, and upwards of $150 million of acquisitions. I mean, when did that $150 million get sold for it to be such -- we're talking about a $0.07 -- a $0.05 sequential drag, 3Q to 4Q? It seems like a pretty big drop.
Michael Bilerman: Right, and we can see that in the renewals you've been marching up, right? Was there anything particular in the renewals for those to be up 5% or that's continuing the same trend? And your TIs are down also, only at $0.18.
Michael Bilerman: And then just one quick question, just on bad debt. It's still extraordinarily the provisions for doubtful accounts. It was up over last year, it's still year-to-date lower than where you were. Is there anything in this quarter's number that we should be mindful of, or was it really just 3Q '11 being awfully low.
Brian M. Smith: Well, let me start with our portfolio. We only have 10 boxes left, and it totals about 300,000 square feet. So when you look at ours and you look at in the bigger picture, I think what you're seeing here is a microcosm of what's happening in the -- across the country is that the top space is gone and what we have left is -- we're going to have to -- is going to take a little bit longer to get through that. Because of that, you are seeing the boxes looking for external growth that they -- because they haven't been able to get the same kind of growth as they had from taking second generation space. I think a good example of that is Dick's. Dick's has always been one of those operators that took second generation space and we're doing several deals with them in first generation space. The issue is where will they do and what will they pay and they really go hand-in-hand. The only place they're going to pay the rents that can support new development are where they can generate the sales and that's more in the urban areas. So I think that's really the governor right now, is keeping development down. There's just -- I mean not only are developers having trouble with financing the equity requirements, but new development requires, to your point, the kind of rents, and those rents can only be generated not in the secondary and tertiary markets. So I don't think you're going to see a big explosion of development at all, at least that in the next 12 to 18 months.
Brian M. Smith: I think what you'll see in emerging residential markets is we'll only probably do it the way we're doing it at Grand Ridge and Cinco Ranch, where those are master-planned communities with high barriers to entry, extremely high at Grand Ridge, and they've already got enough homes to support the retail, which I think is a different approach than happened at the peak of the market when people started tying up the retail land and building on the anticipation of those homes coming. And Jim the question I didn't answer that you asked earlier was the outlook on returns and I would say for the kind of places we're looking to build, the -- I would say the norm is probably in the 8.5% range, which is still probably about 60% profit margin given exit cap rates.
Brian M. Smith: We have in some markets I think 60% of our markets we're now 95% leased or more. And I think things are trending the right way for us with that 95% occupancy in those markets, we're gaining more pricing power as supply demand tightens. We've now got 6 quarters in a row of positive rent growth and as Hap mentioned 80% of our markets -- in 80% of our leases had positive rent growth. This quarter was unusually strong. It's unusual that we would find that many anchor leases with the kind of growth that we had. Those were all really in anticipation of redevelopments, but even without those, we were positive, as I said, low-to-mid 4% range and our shop space was positive. So I don't think there's a massive change. I think it continues to be an improvement in the fundamentals and going forward, I think you would expect to see rent growth in the next 12 months, probably in the mid-single-digit range.
Brian M. Smith: It's definitely a part of the strategy and we're exercising it far more often than we have in the past. As occupancy tightens up, and as the demand continues to be strong, wherever we've got those placeholders, as we call them, that we've put in there -- when we gave them rent concessions, we are moving them out when we have a tenant that we view as a significant upgrade in quality and/or quality. Lots of examples of that this quarter. Quiznos has been a struggling chain and we got rid of several of them in the portfolio this quarter. An example, with Hollymead we replaced them with a better operator and the sales are 5x higher. We did it in many other locations where we not only got better operators, but we've got a nice double-digit rent growth.
Brian M. Smith: Really what people want is in the BS is they're looking for returns. So what they're hoping to do is to be able to buy them at, say, 7% on existing income, 8% on existing income and then if they can get that up to 9% through releasing, then they're real happy. So I think the pricing is typically -- depends on the quality, but anywhere from the higher end of the B spectrum, maybe 7% and at the lower end, maybe 8%. And then in terms of markets, we're -- I don't really see that much of a difference. We don't have anything in places like Arkansas and stuff like that, so I think there's pretty much -- people are looking for opportunities in any markets.
Brian M. Smith: I'd say it's less than that, although when you look at who we've been selling to, we've been selling to private buyers, private REITs, pension fund advisors, investment advisors and other retailers. You've got 2 properties we've sold now to grocers. So it all depends. Obviously, the pension funds would probably look to put out more money, the private buyers would be looking at more in the probably $20 million, $25 million range.
Brian M. Smith: Sure. Well, with regard to the rent growth, that was all -- we've got about 5 redevelopments coming up, Michael, and there's 7 anchor tenants that are part of this redevelopments. And it's just taking those from very old -- for example, down in South Florida, we have a Publix anchorage center and a Walgreens, and those are just very, very old leases and we're writing new leases and actually giving them new spaces and just taking them up to market. So there was like a 170,000 square feet of those and the weighted average rent growth was about 180%.
