Jim Thompson: Greg, this is Jim. Great question. And be happy to kind of explain what's going on there. Basically, the total number of transactions was right in line with trailing 12 months as the new leasing volumes and quite frankly rent spreads were very solid as well, but overall the GLA leased, was slightly down for the quarter due to the renewals and it's really the mix between anchors and shops, typically we're about 50-50 mix. This particular quarter, it was 70-30 heavy on shops, which basically smaller square footage averages. It also relates to that ABR of $34.43, which is a little higher than the average. So as I looked at that and don't tell anybody but I looked at the July numbers, from a renewal standpoint is to satisfy my own curiosity, July numbers are significantly on the renewal side, significantly higher than our average monthly rates and the mix is back where the anchors should be. So, I think the anomaly will be sorted out prior to year-end. So I'm not too worried about that. In addition, I just mentioned that the overall renewal retention rate is over to right at 80%, which is again higher than our typical average.
Jim Thompson: Greg, I think the, foot traffic for traffic we're seeing is really back to where we've seen it before. In general our demand is very strong, really across the board, across regions as well as product type, categories are doing exceptionally well. I think are very active our grocery value, apparel, the QSRs, restaurants obviously, we're seeing a lot of good strong demand in the health fitness medical and also the Pet categories. The mix between locals and nationals for the shop space is really relatively the same as what we've seen and really from an overall demand standpoint, I'd say just to give you a flavor on the anchors, we've got 39 available spaces today, 24 of those are either LOI or at lease. So again I think that's what the likes of TJX, Publix, Burlington, Ross, Five Below Nordstrom Rack, so those are the kinds of folks we're talking to and I think that gives you a sense for now we're seeing great shop demand but also the anchor demand is very, very strong.
Jim Thompson: I just. I think the only thing I'd add to that I think is, we remain confident in that suburban market in which we operate, kind of anchored by that dominant grocer with the need, necessity type of retailers and we think we believe we're going to continue to see demand shift towards our product type and our quality
Jim Thompson: I would tell you that I see the demand basically staying pretty robust across all sectors of the folks that we do business with, so we're really not seeing a category I can point to say this is falling off.
Jim Thompson: Sure. Yes. The cash rent spreads are roughly this quarter right at 9%, trailing 12 months is right in that neighborhood. That mirrors what we believe long term is our target for the cash rent spreads and again we'll couple of that cash rent spread with embedded spreads that we're putting in the existing, the new leases. The combination of that really is what and I think judicious CapEx spend that kind of gets us that net effective rent and GAAP rent spreads that we're, we're kind of look at is real answer to whether not where we're making progress in our business. As far as the embedded, we are in this inflationary area right now, we are taking steps to raise our ask were asked between 3% and 4% on deals today which is higher, we've done in the past, and where we have a pretty good success of that, I think everybody recognizes the inflation touches everyone and we're not getting left out of the program. So we're actually having pretty good success getting that higher embedded rent steps.
Jim Thompson: I can't help but just make a quick comment that while we talk about, it is extremely important to get the same but not occupied paying rent and to get back to maybe more stabilized level, I'm very happy if it stays where it is as long as our percent rent paying is also increasing because that means we're doing a lot more new leasing and so that's a good thing. So the fact that as SNL moving much and our percent rent paying is increasing, means we're doing more new leasing. So that's a really positive sign.
Jim Thompson: Ki Bin. I think I'll be honestly I think we're absolutely a stronger - in a stronger position today with our tenancy. Obviously, the last couple of years, really split that we, from the chaff our survivors are smarter stronger just like I said in the opening comments, they're savvy, they're reactive, they know how to get things done with a lot of adversity. And that gives me a lot of comfort and it really much going into any kind of slowdown, I feel very comfortable with the folks we've got on the roster right now.
Jim Thompson: At annual average is probably somewhere in the two to four range. CPI, we do, we've got kind of a mixed bag. We do have some CPI, but generally, I would say that's a pretty small portion. Most are stated - stated rates we have at renewal time, we got some fair market value, we're kind of shifting towards that fair market value window renewal. I think that gives - it's fair both ways and it doesn't block anybody into a predicament if you will.
Jim Thompson: I don't think we're giving anything up to negotiate market where - we're pretty good negotiators on rents and that's what we believe market is today. We're seeing other landlords moving that direction. So we're just negotiating what we believe is market today.
Jim Thompson: I'll let you handle the peers component better, so let's talk about a couple ways to interpret our got our disclosure first, so core operating earnings. I would point you right to that metric we are unique in this space and we use core operating earnings, obviously we're stripping out the impacts of anything that's non-cash. The only difference being core operating earnings and AFFO is going to be capital and when we think about capitals, we are planning and have been spending about 10% to 11% of our NOI. Every year in maintenance capital is combined with leasing capitals. We don't see that trending materially outside of those bounds, Craig, I would probably point you more towards the upper end of that range at about 11% given the amount of space we have left to lease, it's just going to be a volume business that we probably will spend a little bit more capital, beyond and then to your point on prior year collections, so you got to eliminate the impact of prior year collections from a - to get to more of a core AFFO metric. When you do that as we think about our business going forward, our core operating earnings growth. Therefore, our AFFO growth should match or should match together, should move in lockstep with one another. Because we just don't see any kind of disproportionate moving parts between those elements.
Jim Thompson: I think generally that's probably yes the right answer. There are a couple of folks on there that really don't have debt issues as much as they got operational issues. But for the most part, you're exactly correct on that assumption.
Jim Thompson: Absolutely. As we look, as we look at that watch list and look at the guys that might be towards the top of that list, we do a lot of place or data and things like that to try to understand. Look at sales, where do they fit in the organization and unfortunately for the, for the vast majority of those locations we sit in the top 60% 70% of their, of their locations, which gives us great leverage when it comes to negotiating in a reorganization BK. So in addition to that, we look at existing rents versus what we again believe market rents are. And I think we've got some pretty good opportunity for upside in a lot of those cases. So at this point, we're pretty comfortable where we are in the watch list and our position in that whole arena where it goes from here.
Jim Thompson: As Lisa said we like opportunity to bad news becomes good news and that's a lot of times getting those anchor spaces back and can trigger the redevelopment that you're waiting on and those are the kinds of things with watchlist tenants. Our strategic plans that we devised for every one of our assets. Our guys are, if I get it back, what am I going to do. So we're not, surprised when it happens or if it happens, but we're ready in the event it does happen that we know where we're headed.
Jim Thompson: More to come details wise, but on balance is going to be a major contribution on a net basis. We will continue I hope to have some opportunities to frankly take some NOI offline to set up new redevelopments, but in particular, The Abbot and The Cross in Clarendon are the two assets that the teams have been working extraordinarily hard on we've been from a financial finance perspective, very excited looking out to when those properties start to stabilize and that time is now. The leases have been executed, great visibility into when we start - we'll start seeing some income start to come in at the very tail end of even this year, providing from this point forward, there's in those two assets and if you put our four in-process ground up developments into the bucket. By 2024, that's another $15 million plus of NOI that we are creating in the portfolio. So the short answer, we do anticipate returning to a positive contribution from redevelopments as we look into '23 and '24.
Jim Thompson: Yes, so the 100 basis points, by the way, was an online commenced rate. So that's shops and anchors, we look at 92.5%, 93% as a kind of a top end from a shop percent leased perspective. So that's where our eyes are, we believe in the quality of the portfolio, we believe we can replicate those ceilings and the teams are working hard to do that.
Jim Thompson: Let's first make some short-term comments and then we'll get into the long, but we do see. I appreciate you noted that new disclosure, by the way. So, and I hope everyone takes it takes a look at that. I think it's really helpful, what it first does is highlights that base rent growth as we've been trying to point people's eyes to is the best line item to look at for the health and forward quality of our earnings stream in the near term and what you see there is yes, 3% growth outside of the noise in the first half of this year, we should do better than that to finish out the year on the base rent line. We will, that will not be a decelerating impact, that will be an accelerated impact. We will continue to have tailwind as I mentioned previously from bad debt expense or uncollectible lease income as the portfolio very quickly moves back to historical averages, again 175 basis points last year moving to about 75 basis points this year, 50 basis points around being in our long-term sustained average. There is noise in the other line items. We've got, it was just a lot of COVID era type of adjustments still moving through really 2021 that are impacting all of the other components of growth, but I think looking forward, I would, my our eyes are focused on base rent growth, the amplified impact of recovery income as you lease up space and raise your commenced occupancy, you're going to amplify that growth by picking up margin on your collections and then we add into that the investment and what we just talked about with Wes and the contribution from redevelopments and you put all that in into the bucket and we feel great about achieving our long-term objectives of 3% or better through redevelopments and in the short term we should do better than that from an occupancy perspective, because we have room to grow rent paying occupancy.
Jim Thompson: Derek, I would tell you that we're fresh of CSC Las Vegas. Trust me. We have been at this game, a long time, and I'm looking for smoke more than anybody, and just not seeing it today. There is continued positive attitude towards growth, deals are getting done and yes, we're looking hard, but you're not seeing any cracks at this point in the armor.
Jim Thompson: Sure. The Abbott is nearing construction completion. It looks fantastic. If you get an opportunity up in the Harvard areas please poke your head and I think you'd be impressed with what we've accomplished up there. Leasing momentum is strong, we're 100% leased on our retail, it was, it was a little slow on the office side coming out of COVID, they were, close to go, but we have had great current opportunity on the office side, and I believe we just signed. there we go. just off the press, just signed at least on the majority of our office space in the tower. So very, very positive news. The, like I said, the project looks great, tenants are under construction should be opening up and now that we've got this office lease executed, we will have a good report for next quarter.
Jim Thompson: I think our underwriting really is, has been consistent. We our pretty conservative in underwriting we embed contingencies we've increases contingencies as we saw interest rates increase as we saw a slowdown from supplies and other things. So I think our underwriting has continued to keep up with the moving parts in the economy and from an underwriting standpoint we still are able to underwrite deals. It's still meet our threshold from a yield perspective with good visibility towards expectation for costs.
Jim Thompson: As you would expect them to perform. We are not, we believe we own market dominant centers, trade area dominant centers, that is our objective. We call it our DNA approach to the investment, we use premier high quality as these designations. And, the reason we use those designations as they outperform on several metrics, one of which is tenant demand consumer demand and they continue to outperform on consumer demand. Our centers are the preferred Centers generally in those, in those preferred trade areas, foot traffic levels would support that outperformance, sales would support that performance, tenant demand and rents.
Jim Thompson: Certainly, sales has been a major indicator in the past and we continue to use that with our small shop tenants, we are able to get that kind of reporting. So that's probably our best metric to at least judge historical performance. We obviously look hard to credit going in, but it's also an important factor. Small shop tenants is their past performance. From an operator standpoint, you can walk in a retailer's store and get a pretty good sense of whether they're - whether they're a good retailer not and that's, that's what our folks in the field, do an excellent job of staying close to our, to our tenants and you can read the tea leaves and that's I mean it's hard to put it on paper and give you a metric, but that's how we, that's how we, you have to run your business to be able to stay ahead of that and I think that's one of the, one of the things we do very, very well at the asset manager level is really understanding what's going on behind those tenant doors.
Jim Thompson: That's the commenced occupancy increases that we're targeting is a period based measurement, so it will be at year-end we should be 100 basis points up from where we started. I think we're already 40 basis points through the first half of the year, so that speaks to the confidence we have in delivering space from that pre-leased pipeline over the balance of this year Paulina. That's a spot rate. So that what we're excited about is the impact on 2023.
Jim Thompson: Yes, it needs to be to achieve our objectives of 100. Yes, it's plus or minus 100 but we feel good about delivering the space that's again already contracted for. So it's just a matter of our tenants building out, I'm not making light of how difficult this could be, the teams are doing, I mean daily hard work delivering spaces building our spaces that we can get to rent commencement.
Jim Thompson: I think generally speaking, we have seen in the same conversations that we're having with our tenants that we have seen things is over, I think we even said that last quarter, so it's a little more than even a quarter where we've seen some easing of both labor shortages and also supply chain difficulties, both.
Jim Thompson: If I may just add a little bit more detail, therefore you, Michael, 80% of our objectives can be achieved by really pulling two levers, right? Through 2030. It's LED light conversions and it's addition of solar panels on property. So to Lisa's point, LED light version is already part of our plan. So that is in effect a neutral element of our expense rate and then solar panels is points where that's where you actually save some money, and in fact, you have an ROI you make money on the solar panel installations. So just for a little bit more added color, the balance. So, where the other 20% going to come from? Innovation is going to play a big role and then we might have to buy some racks as well which they'll be high quality racks and we'll be very smart with that.
Jim Thompson: Let me start on the capital market side, yes. Whether at the tapping the unsecured bond markets or whether it's - we have a bit of a financial incentive within our revolver, but we're seeing, we're seeing it permeate through the capital markets and we do believe ultimately whether it's access or whether it's pricing reductions there will be some marginal benefit us on the operation side.
Mike Mas: And Greg. I'll just add really well said. But we continue, I think we sound like a broken record, but what the past 2.5 years if that's a long it's been, have really demonstrated and validated is the importance of the neighborhood community shopping center and the retail and service ecosystem and I said and I said we signed a broken record, if you went back and you listen to earnings calls prior to the pandemic and then throughout it, we feel really good about the future of our business.
Mike Mas: It's basically still the same. And that, remember we did as everybody did, we did get with the pandemic and we recovered really quickly and much more quickly in some markets versus others of it as we always, I said that was indiscriminate but what it was discriminate always the amount of shutdowns and so we there have not been significant differences from pre-pandemic to today.
Mike Mas: On the pre-lease percentage Ki Bin? This is Mike. So that's worth about $34 million up, we actually added some disclosure to our NAV page, I don't have the number, but - 
Mike Mas: Page 33. Thanks, Christy, and you'll see that we added some disclosure to get you to the value of that pre-leased pipeline. All of that is again it's pre-lease percentage. So that's embedded into our forward outlook of same-property NOI growth. We did. I'll take this opportunity to reconfirm that we've increased our outlook for the balance of the year by 100 basis points. It is largely driven by higher commenced occupancy and lower move-outs in the combination of the two. So we'll continue to deliver space, we're doing so quite successfully. It's not easy, but the team is doing a remarkable job bringing that pre-leased pipeline into production. And then lastly, the other huge element from our same property NOI outlook is uncollectible lease income, we've been just so surprised this year, how quickly that is healing and returning back to classic levels of 50 basis points, last year was 175 basis points of bad debt. We came out thinking it be in the 100 basis points area, now we've lowered our eyes as again about 75 basis points for the balance of the year, so that implies a back half of the year. That's basically on par are getting pretty close to that historical average. So we feel to confirm the points that Jim made earlier I feel really good about the in-place tenancy, and the health of our tenants.
Mike Mas: Yes, let me, I'll take that, Jim. So, what you typically hear us talk about Craig is our portfolio-wide impact to growth. So if you look through the entirety of the portfolio, we're at 1.3% or so of growth were teetering on 1.4% as the team Jim articulated. On a deal specific basis, we're getting 2% to sometimes 4% growth on over 90% of our new leasing and that's what's helping drive that 1.3. But it's - there's 9,000 tenants that we're working through. We have move out that actually you can have a tenant moving out that was paying 3% contractual increases. So that's a, it's a mountain to move, but we're making great progress in that regard.
Mike Mas: Yes, hi, Craig, it's Mike. So I'll go back to the 1.3 going 1.4. That's a big change is sound small, but it is a big change. But in the overall picture of our forward outlook on same property NOI growth, we're still the two largest contributors in the near term, will continue to be occupancy increases and lease spreads. Certainly embedding contractual increases is important to Regency's long-term outlook and our long-term growth and we will not stop embedding those increases into our leases which we have been doing for a long period of time at this point. But right now, our eyes are on our ability to push commenced occupancy. We've talked about 2022 achieving plus or minus 100 basis points and commenced and we feel as good as we have six months ago and saying that and we have good visibility to achieving that objective and so this point if we think about even a softer economic backdrop. Given our relative position of strength, we feel like we can grow through a period of disruption and continue to add rent paying occupancy in '23 and on previous calls, we've talked about another 100 basis points plus or minus of opportunity, more to come on when that will - more to come when we put out formal guidance for in our outlook for next year and beyond. But there is at least another 100 basis points of commenced there to get back to our peak occupancy levels, then the other major contributors lease spreads. And Jim, spent lot of time on the 9% range. Mid to high single digits is, where we want to be, where we need to be to achieve our objectives of averaging north of 2.5 certainly 275 before redevelopment contributions and when you add in the investment, the reinvestment to our portfolio, we feel good about averaging 3% are better on a sustained basis going forward.
Mike Mas: We have a very detailed investment strategy, but it really comes down to, we like to own, acquire, develop properties were bad news is good news? I guess maybe. I mean it sounds like the anchor space is pretty much spoke while the vacant space. And would it be fair to say maybe you want some space back at this point. I think you mentioned you had some upside at some of these assets.
Mike Mas: So, Eric, I'll jump in and add. I don't the way your question was framed I think we look at tenant underwriting whether in the operations side of business or project underwriting in the investment side of business for all seasons and we don't, necessarily look at the economic backdrop and change, where we have a very focused strategy on our merchandising mix and what types of operators. We want to partner with and do business with and that's been consistent through all seasons and all economic cycles. And we make adjustments on the margins in our investment activity to account for or provide for a changing landscape in costs, as you would expect us to do. But really, we don't you push the accelerator or push on the brakes materially in any way we apply our very long long-standing well-honed strategy on both, on both sides.
Mike Mas: Hi, Linda. It's Mike. Yes, I don't have a discrete answer to your question, but we're making great progress. I do think we do have some visibility to at least another 1% to 3%, kind of sticking with our policy of what a tenant needs to do and how they need to behave for us to convert them back to accrual accounting. So we do see another 1% to 3%, I think in our near-term impact, which by the way would include another, call it two million dollars to five million dollars of non-cash straight-line rent conversions, so we don't guide on that number in the supplement, but we do talk about it on this call. Beyond that and then the question becomes will when it, what is your normal percentage of cash basis tenants and that's again a little bit harder to get a gauge on because the leasing standards also changed as we look at our historical averages. So, but we think our numbers are probably in the mid, mid-single digit area, the 5% to 8% range, somewhere in that area, plus or minus, so we've got a little bit of room to run, but we're nearing the end and we'll continue to - we'll continue to make progress as we have,
Mike Mas: On the operational side, I would say there are Kindred Spirits that appreciate what you do but I don't think it's ingrained in the at the real estate level as much as is the capital market and then we do development.
Lisa Palmer: Craig, I'll take that one. Absolutely not. And I'll just reiterate what Jim just talked about with regards to the health of our tenant base, it sounds a little bit contradictory when we say we're coming into this, what may be what may become ever session, if it's not already from a position of strength and that meaning that the tenants that we have in place, the merchants that are in our shopping centers really have survived, I love that Jim says it's separate the wheat from the chaff, like really have survived a really difficult challenging time from a demand standpoint with COVID-19. And so we have really strong good operators and they - even those that may pull back on maybe new store opening plans, we have the best locations and if they pullback from - okay I'm going to open two stores in this market to one, I don't see an impact to Regency whatsoever in that scenario. I will go out on the limb and agree with you and say and I could I may very well be wrong, but I don't see another GFC in the future, at least not in the next two years.
Lisa Palmer: And also, that's certainly the same property NOI growth kind of long-term growth model, which is a very large component of the going forward growth for the company and, but we also have the ability to invest the very high level of free cash flow that we generate, which will also be an important part of our long-term growth of core operating earnings per share and point you to our investor presentation, not just a disclosure where we do a very - thank you team, a very nice job of illustrating our growth model going forward. And that's on a stabilized basis, so it's not even actually accounting for the occupancy increases that we are seeing today and we will continue to see in the near future.
Lisa Palmer: I'm happy to jump in. I will reiterate again that regardless of the macro backdrop, we feel really confident about the quality of our properties and our going-forward health of our business, we were just re-it - just repeating really what we said in our prepared remarks, we have - we're entering this with a position of strength as we have worked through a lot of dislocation and disruption through the past two years, our operators, our tenants, our merchants are in an extremely healthy position and we believe in. Jim talked about how we've watched them to be adaptive and react to and be flexible and I really believe that even if there is softening consumer demand, which we're not seeing because of again our trade areas are supportive of consumers that are able to absorb a little bit more, but even if there is softening demand, we truly believe that they're going to be able to adapt to be flexible as we've seen them already do and then with that retailers and merchants play a long-term game as well. It's not just about the next 12 months and they're also positioning our companies for future growth. And they're going to need new locations for that future growth and they're going to desire to be in the best locations and we feel that we are really well positioned to be able to work with them and help them meet their goals as well.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, I think the best or the best scorecard that you can really use for that. Yes, you can look at foot traffic and should, but what are - what our average base rents because that's what the market is demanding. So that's what the retailers are using as their basis for the sales that they can produce and sales and in both cases as we've already talked about earlier today. As Jim did, we talked about bankruptcies. Regency is in the very top percentage in both of those categories.
Lisa Palmer: And I think we hear, and I know Paulina you've heard us talk about this as well. We have 22, maybe a little bit more than 20 offices across the country with people in the - on - in the local markets that are working with our tenants really closely. So we absolutely look at our reported sales, but also just having good relationships with our, with our tenants, with our customers is really important to understanding the health of their businesses, the challenges they may be facing, I think it is we really rose above some of the challenges in the pandemic because of that and we will continue to do so in good times and in bad times. And so that's also an important part of it. So it's not a hard and fast metric and nothing that we can actually report, but it's certainly those relationships, those conversations and understanding what's important to them.
Lisa Palmer: It is not going to - there will be an additional cost and incremental costs, but there is also savings as we do implement some of the energy efficiency things that we've already - we've done over the past 13 years from a water conservation LED lighting and we'll continue to do and we'll also continue to perhaps generate some revenues from solar panels. And so from a material standpoint, it's not material. What's more important is the fact that we are really focused on embodied responsibility and corporate responsibility within our company and it truly is a foundational strategy and as we think about and talk about new investment opportunities, it is part of the conversation. Every acquisition, every development, we will look at the impact essentially to our targets into our goals and objectives. But it's not a material cost.
Lisa Palmer: And then I'll take the transaction side. On the transaction, we've actually we were part of a bid process, if you will, on a portfolio of properties, unfortunately we were not successful in it, it was a major part of the bid as to the efforts that the company is putting into the E in ESG. So yes, it is, it is very important to other stakeholders, as well.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you all very much, appreciate your time with us as some of you may be heading to the, shore or the beach or the Long Island for the weekend. Enjoy your weekend. Thanks all.
