Lisa Palmer: Yes, because it really – so you start with we do have – the team has done a great job continuing to get contractual rent steps. Our leasing spreads are really healthy, right. So we are starting at 2%. And then we do have a lot of visibility as we have said in our – as we have said in our prepared remarks, as you have heard us say prior to the redevelopment contribution coming back in 2021, more like what it had been historically and that 75 basis point range perhaps even more certainly looking even better in 2022. But I am not giving formal 2021 guidance or certainly not 2022, we are going to execute on 2020 first and make sure that we meet those expectations. With regards to the rent paying occupancy, that’s always going to be an unknown. But as we have said, 2020 really is – it was a rare, I think, Hap’s words last quarter were a rare confluence of events to have two really large bankruptcies in Barneys and IPIC and add Sears on top of that. We just don’t see that replicating in the future, because of the magnitude of those spaces. So, rent paying occupancy is certainly an unknown more than 12 months from now, so is economic uncertainty, but we feel really good about contractual rent steps, lease spreads and redevelopment contribution.
Lisa Palmer: I think the most important thing as we are evaluating the options is how can we maximize value, really and time matters as well when you are thinking about returns to us as well as returns to our shareholders. So, how can we maximize value in really the shortest amount of time? And that’s how we are thinking about it.
Lisa Palmer: I think I just would add, if you think about – I mean Mac’s exactly right if you think about where we have been successful in the properties that we have acquired really over the last 3 to 5 years. It’s where we are able to bring our talent and our expertise, whether it be very proactive asset management, as Mac mentioned, or even our redevelopment and development capabilities. That’s when we are really able to compete with the other buyers that are out there in the market. If it’s just a straight down the fairway core shopping center, we haven’t been quite as successful. So that’s why we’re able to turn these low to mid-4 cap rates into IRRs, sometimes north of 7% as Mac said.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. So it’s just – generally, we’re not changing the kind of the identified kind of disposition pool, if you will.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. And I would just reiterate that. It is a really high-quality shopping center. Yes, it’s a mall we don’t own any other malls. But there’s still a lot of value to be harvested from it as well. And we can really apply – we’ve got and we’ve got an exceptional team out there. And we’re, again, applying our talents to that asset and really creating value. And in some sense, I know you’ve had the opportunity to visit it, it almost is a community shopping center for Daly City. It’s an exceptional asset.
Lisa Palmer: On the changes – and the proactive asset management of upgrading the merchandising, we do that all the time. I mean it’s just part of the business. And we do – and if I may say so, – I’m not patting myself on the back. I’m patting them same on their back. They do a really good job of it and have for a really long time.
Lisa Palmer: Chris, we really haven’t changed our point of view. Generally speaking, as you’ve heard us speak quarter-after-quarter, we really want to make sure that we’re aligning ourselves with the better operators, with strong balance sheets, and with the ability to reinvest back in their business. So certainly, smaller operators and especially those with higher leverage, are facing more of an uphill battle. No question. And we continually are looking at that. It doesn’t mean that all regional, smaller grocers are not going to be able to survive and thrive in this environment, but they have to have the ability to reinvest back in the business in the in-store experience as well as technology, delivery, everything that’s happening in the world of grocery. It’s an ultra competitive retail segment and has been for a really long time. And those better operators that have the ability to be flexible, nimble and actually innovate are the ones that are going to continue to succeed in the future. It’s always disappointing to see any retailer sell, it impacts people’s lives, but it is part of the business, and it’s something that we’ve dealt with for as long as we’ve been a retail shopping center company.
Lisa Palmer: Just want to thank you all for your time. We’ll see some of you, I think, in the next month or so and a very quick happy birthday to Madison, Greg and Amy. Thank you all.
Mike Mas: Hey, Christy, it’s Mike. Appreciate the question. The dispo guidance really is a carryover from ‘19. So this all in effect, goes back to our funding plan for The Pruneyard acquisition. So what I would say to balance out the sources and uses, which you nailed right there is that we are planning to reduce our overall debt level in 2020 by about $100 million to $110 million.
Mike Mas: Yes, the lower interest is being driven by that as well as some accretive refinancings, we are going to do within the joint ventures in 2020 together with the accretive refinancings we executed on in ‘19 through the bond market.
Mike Mas: Hey, Greg, yes, that is somewhat of a technicality in our guidance. So, we have been – the initial entry into Town & Country, we did show as an acquisition, I think that was in ‘18. We have staged some acquisition – additional shares in the property throughout ‘19 and then this is in effect kind of our final piece hopefully not. And hopefully, we will find a way to buy them even more of this asset, but we are not including that in acquisitions guidance in 2020. In effect, I am thinking about that as added development or redevelopment spend at Town & Country. So, we do have a project – we have a project under contract in Southern California actually that we are excited about, honestly, probably too early to talk about that deal, but we look forward to making progress on our due diligence and potentially closing on that in the early part of 2020.
Mike Mas: Yes. Let me add some color there, too. I completely agree with Jim, what we are seeing in our forecast is that we will make up some ground on a spot basis and anticipate percent leased at the end of the year potentially increasing from this point. But importantly, and as presented in the materials, we are anticipating our ramp in occupancy to be down in 2020. And that’s just representing that trough in leasing that that is a result of all of our leasing activity, signing new leases, commencing new leases as well as move-out activity.
Mike Mas: Yes, and let me just add from a disclosure standpoint, Craig. As we refine that decision and move forward between sale and redevelopment, if redevelopment is the path we take, we’ll certainly add that disclosure to our supplement and you’ll get a better picture of timing.
Mike Mas: I have to say, credit goes to Laura Clark on that. We find it to be a really helpful tool, and we appreciate that you all are finding it to be the same.
Mike Mas: No. Some of it was in the percent commenced at year-end, like, for example, IPIC had already moved out. So to get you a precise number, Mike, I’d have to come back to you offline. But it’s not all incremental to percent commenced at year-end. Again, just for clarity, this is average rent paying occupancy. The 75 basis points you’re citing is average rent paying occupancy year-over-year. So there could be some tag over from year end.
Mike Mas: I want to breakdown what you said there, Ki Bin, and just make sure we’re all talking about the right numbers here because I think we were crossing over between rent paying occupancy declines and impact to same-property growth. So we are forecasting 75 basis points of rent pay and occupancy decline related to bankruptcy activity and an additional 15 basis points of rent paying occupancy decline due to the timing of other leasing activity. That translates to an impact on same-property growth. That impact on same-property growth is 140 basis points from the bankruptcy category, right, and then another 30 basis points from the leasing activity category. So I think – and then further breaking down that 140 basis points same-property growth impact, there is two categories, that we’ve kind of segmented these three tenants that are materially driving our numbers: Barneys, IPIC and Sears is 60 basis points, and then everything else is 80 basis points. So let’s keep digging in here, Ki Bin. It’s a good question. We want to make sure we got through here. Of the 80 basis points, and that compares historically to a range of – in recent history, 10 to 80 basis points, around the upper end of that, roughly half of that is identified and that’s the Pier 1s and the other tenants, dressbarn that we identified on the prepared remarks. And the other – the 30 to 40 basis points would be more speculative assumption based that we have in our plan. And that is just supported by our – just looking at the environment that we’re in, considering what we experienced in 2019, we thought it was an appropriate level to carrying a plan.
Jim Thompson: Yes, Greg. This is Jim. As you noted, we had a real strong fourth quarter and it was really pretty heavy on the anchor side. Every quarter we look at the mix and we were heavy on anchors this quarter and we have some really good and pretty strong anchor deals. Publix, LA Fitness and Roosevelt, Edge Fitness, backbone of Kmart, all very, very accretive deals and help to increase that new percent leased or the spreads on new as well as the King Kullen grocery mark-to-market on the renewal side. So that was pushing the spreads pretty strong this quarter. But overall, I think we still target that mid to high single-digit, 8.5%, that meets our objective long-term and that equates to about a 15.9% straight line rent growth and both of those metrics are where we would like to be.
Jim Thompson: Yes, Derek, Jim, again. We continue to have very good success in embedding that 2% increase in over 80% of our leases. So, we feel like we can continue to follow that tack.
Jim Thompson: Craig, Jim here. Yes, I think with the momentum that we are seeing, we feel like we can pick up some ground. We’ve talked about it. We’ve had a high, I think, at 93% leased at one point. So I’m not saying we could get back there, but I do think we’ve got some runway, and I think we’re going to pick up some around this year.
Jim Thompson: From a volume perspective in ‘19 and ‘20 and I am going to limit these comments to the – what we’re seeing in our shop space because I think that is where some of this – I think in the anchor space, it can be pretty volatile for the given reasons in those known identified tenants of Barneys and IPIC, etcetera. But on shops, we are anticipating a consistent level of move-outs year-over-year ‘19 and ‘20, and that number is in the million square foot range, plus or minus. And we don’t see that kind of volume changing. If you think about that over a 4-, 5-, 6-year period, that level of volume is up on the margin, but we’re replacing that with new leasing activity as well. We had – we signed over 7 million square feet of leases, and that’s obviously including anchors. But the pipelines, as we look at our leasing activity remain full, and we are replacing the tenants that we’re losing to move-outs. And I would say, we are upgrading the merchandising mix and the quality. And while we already have a very high-quality tenant roster, we are making improvement on the meaningful margin with every one of these new leasing transactions.
Jim Thompson: Ki Bin, this is Jim. We’re in dialogue, as you can imagine, in today’s environment, we get a lot of knocks on the door from tenant to asking the question. But our general position, I think I’ve said this in the past, our general position is, we like our real estate. We feel very comfortable with our real estate. Sometimes sick tenants – it’s better to take your real estate back and re-merchandise. So we play a pretty hard game when it comes to rent reductions and those kind of requests. Some instances, we will evaluate and determine that working with a tenant on a short-term basis with the landlord we capture might make the most sense, but in general, we play pretty hard on rent reduction.
Jim Thompson: We are – just to tag on that. We are very proactive take the dressbarns, for instance. We have 10 locations, and we just got them back Q4. And basically, all 10 are spoken for, so we’re proactively leasing these things that we think have an opportunity to recapture. So that’s part of the reason we can be strong in the negotiation because we know the real estate, we know what our opportunity pool set looks like.
Jim Thompson: Linda, it’s Jim. As I indicated, the mix this year – this quarter was really anchor driven. So that was one of the reasons. Obviously, we continue to see increases in construction costs in general across the board, but it was really mostly the mix, and they were all LA Fitness, Talbots, Marshalls, Edge Fitness, great tenants, really good merchandising backfills. But at the end of the day, when we step back and look at our capital spend, we think that number is somewhere between 10% to 10.5% of NOI at the end of the day and taking out the quarter-over-quarter movements, we think that we’ll continue to operate in that 10% to 10.5% NOI spend.
Mac Chandler: Greg, this is Mac. We are still seeing very – sort of very few of the types of properties that we typically buy on the market. So, that scarcity has really kept cap rates very low. Cap rates haven’t moved in quite a while. The types of progress we are looking for are not only ones in the submarkets and traders that we do well in and have long-term growth potential, but also where we can use our platform and our expertise to really it’s either core plus or a value add or somewhere we can really find some long-term growth beyond just a core acquisition. Not seeing a lot of those, but we are in the market all the time and just by nature of our 22 markets we see everything that comes to market.
Mac Chandler: Derek, this is Mac. I would be happy to answer that. We are looking at really three scenarios. Definitely sale, we are considering that and we are in the marketplace to see if that is – could transact it when we are looking to redevelop it in either a multi-tenant scenario or single tenant scenario. So we are in the marketplace too as well. So, all are very viable options and we are not going to limit ourselves to one of them. And as we get more clarity, we will be sure to communicate that.
Mac Chandler: Derek, this is Mac again. We believe so. We have – having signed now Equinox, that’s really a big boost to the product and the tenant tours that we have had have gone very well, very favorable, now that you can get actually up to the upper floors and see the tremendous views back there, which you couldn’t until we got the frame completed. We have had great interest. Now it takes time to convert interest to LOIs into leases, but we feel good about where we are on the prospects and we will continue to communicate that as we start to absorb.
Mac Chandler: Hi, Marissa, it’s Mac again here. Really, the upside, we underwrite a 10-year term just like almost everyone else does. And in order to get that IRR in the mid-6s, sometimes upper mid-6s, sometimes 7, they are paying the product tech you need really strong compounded growth and we get that through contractual bumps. Sometimes there is mark-to-market leases they are under market today. And then often in the – sorry, the second 10-year period, there is even more upside on some of this. That could be through densification. It could be through an anchor lease that finally comes due, that doesn’t show up in our 10-year and those are the kinds of things we look for. We also look for improving demographics, neighborhoods, where demographs are trending up and in the right direction, so you might not see that in the leases that are signed today, but we think we can upgrade, not only rents, but the merchandising and in the physical plant to as well. Ours haven’t changed materially for what we are looking for. We certainly are – we scrutinize our underwriting very carefully and we think that’s obviously embedded in our underwritten IRR so not a material change to that.
Mac Chandler: Well, it certainly – if you went to a single tenant basis, it’d be relatively quick, but a multi-tenant scenario, a reasonable estimate would be probably 2.5 years.
Mac Chandler: Wes, this is Mac here. A typical normal year is about a 6.5% cap rate. This year, 2020, we’re guiding to a little bit lower. It’s really because of 2 assets. There is two shopping centers that we are selling, one we’ve already sold, and they are basically being sold to non-retail users. One is going to convert the property to a condominium development, that’s the one in Florida. And the other one is a office user that’s going to buy the property and scrape it. So there isn’t – we’ve whittled down the income in those properties and that’s – makes the cap rate go down. But in general, a typical is sort of the 6.5% cap, that’s typically what we’re selling and those are non-strategic assets in non-strategic markets and typically have lower growth profiles.
Mac Chandler: Sure, Vince. I’ll take this one. This is Mac. The yields are a little lower than what we typically see. And that’s for a couple of reasons. The first is we elected to relocate the gym that operates there today. It’s a very well performing gym. We thought it was worth it to move them out to a pad and replace them with a new theater. That’s also going to add extra energy, the mall traffic to the interior of the mall that will help all tenants, and we think the gym will operate even better actually on a stand-alone. The yield also includes this modernization to the interior of the mall, which hasn’t been done in a long time. And the benefit we see over that actually takes a long time to realize because we are very well leased. But as tenants turn, we are already seeing better tenants offering better rent and tenants that have always loved the location, but they were a little hesitant because the interior of the mall is a little outdated, and this will really help to that. So you’ll start to see that benefit over the long term. And then the third phase is to JCPenney, which will take some time. We have got a lot of different options that we’re still evaluating. We still are very bullish on the mall property. The location is terrific, and we’re very comfortable operating it. We have some history now to it, and we really like the prospects long term.
Mac Chandler: Yes, we had to make a – there is a very small payment to JCPenney. And that’s what was driving that kind of rapid increase in our write-off of non-cash below market rents, starting last fourth quarter. JCPenney will be out, I think, end of May.
Mac Chandler: That’s right. That’s right. And that whole – that entire property, we own everything, there’s nothing – there is no separate pieces and we think that also gives you lots of optionality over the years.
Mac Chandler: Chris, this is Mac. We talk to them all the time, and especially recently as part of this redevelopment. But they have given us no indication that they’re unhappy with the store or they haven’t requested rent relief or anything like that, so, no, new news in that front.
Mac Chandler: We are always looking for opportunities just like that, just like we accomplished with JCPenney on that same property. So that’s always an option that we explore.
