Martin Stein: Thank you Lisa and good afternoon and good morning to those, not on the East Coast. I’m extremely encouraged by the continued and significant progress that is been made towards the key objectives in all aspects of our business. We realized another quarter of improving operating fundamentals. It is gratifying that these results are meeting Regency’s higher performance standards. While Brian will spend more time in this area, I want to highlight a few key accomplishments that are evidenced of the quality of the portfolio and the focus of Regency’s management team. Leasing volumes remain robust. We continue to strengthening of our smaller shop spaces. Percent leased reached 94% for the first time since 2008. Bad debt expense is still trending towards pre-recession levels. And pricing power well uneven is steadily moving in our favor. These improved underlined fundamentals translated in the same property NOI growth on a year-to-date basis of 3.8%. In addition to the positive operating results of our portfolio, the $300 million of developments started since the beginning of 2009, continue to register impressive performance. Currently they are more than 90% leased with projected average returns on the incremental basis of 9.3%. I really like the four developments started this year, which will ultimately represent an investment of close to $150 million and create meaningful value for our shareholders. These new developments reflect latencies narrowed focus on building and redeveloping dominant in field shopping centers with demonstrated demand from best-in-class retailers. Substantial progress was made on executing our clearly articulated capital recycling strategy; it has also enabled us to further strengthen the balance sheet. Last week, we closed on the $321 million portfolio sale. Bruce and Brian will describe this in more detail as well as how this and other recent impending recycling transactions are enhancing what was already a higher quality portfolio and its future NOI growth. Together with acquisitions to date and those in our pipeline, we will have meaningfully increase the allocation of capital to dominant centers with good prospects in core markets while lowering our exposure to nonstrategic assets and markets, and reducing debt. We think caution with the balance sheet to lower leverage makes sense given the uncertainty that we are all experiencing and seeing in today’s world. Most important of all, despite the dilutive impact from the portfolio sale being a significant net seller and operating at a lower level of leverage we will be even better positioned the compound per share Core FFO including moderate growth in 2013 by sustaining growth 2.5% to 3.5% from our portfolio of dominant centers with annual gross or anchor sales averaging more in $26 million and $500 per square foot and Trade area household incomes of approximately $100,000 in average population densities of 100,000 people and those aren’t future targets that’s the existing portfolio and a key metrics of full network portfolio. Bi-annually developing a $150 million to $200 million of dominant shopping centers at compelling returns on invested capital brings a unique combination of in house capabilities, presence in key markets, anchoring retailer relationships, an impressive track record. And opportunistically enhancing and already solid balance sheet in excess to capital and lastly by continuing the focus energy from our dedicated and talented team towards achieving these critical goals and objectives. I also want to note that since the portfolio sale was at a minimum NAV neutral in the short term the growth we are generating NOI and the value being created from developments should translate into 5% plus growth in per share NAV this year and into the future. Bruce.
Martin Stein: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, Bruce. In closing, while one cannot ignore the uncertainty in the macro-environment, I’m extremely encouraged about the continued and significant progress that is being made to our key objectives of growing NOI, of creating value, and dominant centers to disciplined development, of enhancing the quality of the portfolio and its NOI growth with focused recycling and of strengthening the solid balance sheet with reliable access to capital, which when we combined will translate into growth in per share core funds from operations and NAV. It is gratifying that these results are meeting Regency’s high performance standards and positioning us well for the future whether it would be prospering in a growing economy even if the growth is sluggish or weathering another recession. We thank you for joining us on the call and now welcome your questions.
Martin Stein: The San Pedro asset, I’ll start with that I mean that was in a partnership and partner center was timed to sell and we had major capital improvements to in effect maintain and continue to the NOI growth rate on that asset. We put together this portfolio and we felt it was – bottom line, we’re pleased with the sale that occurred and not because we feel that we sold Blackstone a bill of goods but because it really – the sale met our objectives. It was an efficient transaction, with certainty of closed and the assets as Brian mentioned is not – is not up to the standards as far as 100,000 householder income, the supermarket sales in our portfolio and density. And as Brian said that – they don’t have the growth potential. And there is some risks which obviously Blackstone is very aware of including the anchor co-tenancy in shops placing for example, I’ll talk about the one – one of the Lifestyle centers there the shops that have in village, as you may and may not be aware, Blackstone is added or signed a lease with Whole Foods to go in there and we’re obviously aware Whole Foods interest we communicated their interest to Blackstone. But still given the rents, the risk associated with co-tenancies in (inaudible), although there is not higher probability those risks are going to manifest themselves into occurrence, we just were not comfortable with the amount of management time, or the consequences if something went wrong by – by continuing to hold the assets.
Martin Stein: We definitely think that’s possible. As you indicate, we have – we aren’t yet seeing the levels we want to see, but – but we’re really talking about your pricing power and there’s no question that – that power is improving that the trend is in the right direction and we have had five consecutive quarters of positive rent growth, and 80% of the transactions this – this past quarter were positive rent growth. So, what’s still holding us back a little bit would be as with anybody, some large deals they always – they always move the needle. For example, we had to put in a new we had to renew medical user at Martin Downs 40,000 square feet and in order to get that property sold as we look a hit there and we’ve got – that we’ve got some significant negative spreads on leasing activity in Arizona. But, rent growth is all about leverage and we are hearing from across the country the return on leverage, multiple tenants competing for spaces. You can see the demand for the shopping centers, more and more, the properties are getting to 95% level where we do have pricing power. And we’re starting to exercise lot termination rights that’s allowing us put in better tenants, strategic move outs, and that also can give us better options in the future. So, we aren’t there yet, but I do think the trend is heading more (inaudible).
Martin Stein: Again, it depends on the property on the ones where we have 10,000, 14,000 and 15,000 square feet, we’re obviously going to underwrite it a little bit to happen faster than if we have more square footage. But in all cases, we’re looking to put the amount of shop space in there that would allow us to lease that up, and get to 95% within no more than two years from the first anchor opening.
Martin Stein: I think looking at is flat NOI, may be some upside, but there is also after that – but as also I indicated there is some risk to that and once again Blackstone is a very astute buyer and from their perspective I’m sure they feel like they made a good profit of the transaction, achieved our objectives and from our point of view it was a win-win transaction and, but I think the best way to look at that from our perspective is flat in (inaudible).
Martin Stein: I think we feel real good about what we accomplished and that was one of the reasons why we wanted to do an efficient transaction like this and large transaction and I think it’s – in our view as you just said I think we feel comfortable with where we are and that we are going to be able get back to a more normalized rate of dispositions in $150 million to $200 million range.
Martin Stein: Well, they are not finalized yet, but they are – I think you may have seen we slightly reduced our guidance on more acquisitions with these. So you can mention they are lower than what we’ve done so far. And so let me just dwell in that a moment, the whole reason that we are doing this – the key objective is to maintain sustainable NOI growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, and the capital recycling including the acquisitions there are a key component of that. We want to buy a kind of shopping centers that are highest quality because our experience is they generate the most growth. So what we’re doing we price those as we look at total return from the asset, so we look at the initial return, plus the average compounded growth rate over the 10-year period. So the only way we can get to those to forward lower cap rate deals would be if these properties are going to generate higher growth rate, so that’s – and the properties that we’re buying just then, and we are not done with them while we do control them all, but we are going through due diligence, you just don’t know what may happen there. They are all A plus locations, one is the generational kind of product that just does not come on the market, but every 30 years or so, and one has redevelopment component, so those are the kind of ways that were getting to the growth and much of these is either through redevelopment contractual anchors.
Martin Stein: We always look for that. We have several examples of that this past quarter. We have three different centers where we had small shops – three small shops in each case where we consolidate them, some were just tenants that we had given a rent release too, and had termination rights, we triggered them. In three of those situations, we all put in larger pet stores line Petco. And we had a situation in Maryland where we had three small spaces, and we terminated a couple, relocated one to make room for Michael’s. So, we look for that as often as we can do it, but I think more than just to be clear about that, more often than not, we’re playing offence with that as it relates to merchandising, and as it relates to rent growth, not it relates to because we scared in this space.
Martin Stein: I think when we started this quarter is indicative of an infill grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping center in Duke – University of Duke Medical Center and a larger format grocery-anchored, multi-anchored center in one of the better areas of Seattle.
Martin Stein: I think it probably is related to disposition activity, primarily I think that that always going to be the difference when analysts can’t get to our numbers, our assumptions versus whatever you have been assuming.Samit Parikh – International Strategy & Investment Group: Okay.
Martin Stein: Well, we know that the Safeway Development Team well. We like them. We respect them. In fact, a former employee or ours is part of that team. They are not new to development and we’ve been competing with them for some time probably 10 years ago, we competed with them on our Folsom and Tracy projects and we prevailed on those. They do obviously have a new focus and emphasis on it, but the reality is we don’t run into them very much and I think it’s just because we’re different. We’re focused on new round of dominant centers, anchored by however is the best grocer in the given market and Safeway focuses on Safeway Stores. So, that means where they have a store presence, they may not be very active. And from what we have seen in the market is that most of what they are doing and it just may not be (inaudible) access to whole pipeline, but most of our capital going to redevelopments or single tenant buildings or Safeway store maybe a fuel center, and so we don’t run it might the only two projects that I know of that we have competed with them recently with the Grand Ridge project in Seattle where they are going to be an anchor of it, and then we both went after the project in San Jose, and neither one of us got it. So I don’t think it’s like we just don’t run into them that much we could, and when that happens sellers make their own decisions as to what it is that they are looking for. I think personal relationships don’t matter solving seller’s problems or matters and then in the case of master planned community like Grand Ridge, I think the seller felt that having multiple relationships with different kinds of retailers was advanced in terms of creating an amenity for that community.Samit Parikh – International Strategy & Investment Group: Okay. That’s all. Thank you.
Martin Stein: I wouldn’t go there, but that was part of – that was part of their offer.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s it. Thank you.
Martin Stein: And that’s it – (inaudible) that’s the question where we ended up.Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, I got it, thanks very much.
Martin Stein: Yes Cedrik that was one that was brought to us by a joint venture partner we’ve done multiple developments with, and it was just – frankly just a no greater opportunity to get development returns with zero risk. I mean, it’s tight this quarter, it’s ground zero, in terms of Washington DC real estate, and that was the situation where the partner identified a building that because of very quick damage had been emptied out, three story office building, and we went ahead and bought that, we had the grocer take the center, I’m sorry, the grocer take the center as is, complete bondable lease, we don’t put nickel into it. We get a development return, we literally can do anything and we’ve got 9% return project with great credit.Cedrik Lachance – Green Street Advisors: Okay so there is nothing else what we done there over time it’s a simple long term lease with quality credit tenant.
Martin Stein: Oh, 240 basis points, total which is that 230 pre-lease, and 24 slow payCedrik Lachance – Green Street Advisors: Okay
Martin Stein: Well I think the risk is so high as we continue to keep doing this volume on leasing. I mean this is a huge quarter of new leasing for us. So that’s what’s keeping that line up there, the pre-leasing line, and that will have to start to fall as we get, as there is less space to lease, if you look at the effective rent paying occupancy, all that preleasing has been translating into rent paying occupancy it’s just continue to do lot of leasing.Cedrik Lachance – Green Street Advisors: Okay thank you.
Martin Stein: Sure. I think what’s happened probably this quarter versus last quarter or the quarter before is with all the uncertainty out there what’s happening at the end of the year that buyers are less, I mean are more averse and they are not going to go out on the – their risk spectrum without getting compensated with yield, but I think what you are seeing is that buyers will pay up for high quality properties that have strong grocers that are generating strong sales, but you start to lose any of those things, then the pricing falls out pretty fast.
Martin Stein: There is a modest because of the huge amount of demand for core institutional quality real estate, there is a modest expansion of the definition of core, but beyond that it’s people are interested in, there is a lot of buyers for core and Brian indicated a lot of buyers for value-add, but the commodity secondary to tertiary markets, it’s a – it’s not a (inaudible).
Martin Stein: It’s not just was just structure of each individual asset that as I mentioned one of the properties we’re looking at has redevelopment component, we would be adding some GLA, and other properties you have significant contractual rent steps, very little of it, we focus on (inaudible) what is contractual and what is speculative, and the vast majority would be contractual, and you know there is a another A quality property that’s out there, it is an A plus trophy, everybody wants it, but it did not have this kind of growth profile that we’re looking for so, in that case we walk away. So, we’re not changing our underwriting assumptions at all.
Martin Stein: If we can’t meet our total return hurdles and especially as I think as Brian indicated, number one focus is, if we can get, we’ve said a range of 2.5% to 3.5%, but if we can take with the incremental help, the meaningful margin of what we’re buying and what we’re recycling out of, that we can get that sustainable NOI growth rate to 2.5% to 3.5% range, that’s our primary area – primary focus there, so if we can’t find it, we won’t.
Martin Stein: One of the assets we are looking at is a fantastic center, grocery center as it is, but there is some small space kind of a mini mall area, and we would look to convert that into an anchor, which would be accretive, and then just some adjacent land right next to it, so there’s many ways to get to that growth profile.
Martin Stein: I would say to you from a trend standpoint, we typically see a reduction expenses in our second quarter just to give last year, you saw from the first quarter primarily in our operating expenses, cost related to winter’s decline, we start paying and turn up to our true real estate taxes that we’re paying and so those for the most part drive those increments in the second quarter..
Martin Stein: Construction pricing has been fairly flat.)We’re just looking at a week or so ago and probably over the last three years we’ve seen a total increase of maybe 10% to 15%. It’s not in labor. It’s all depends on which commodity prices, a few years back it was oil, it was cement and now it’s metals, so I don’t see anything right now that’s going to drive certainly the labor component of it, land prices in total development program across the country. For other people it starts dramatically ramping up I don’t think you’re going to see it there. Prices are high for, have held steady well located infill properties, but if it’s anything other than that, frankly we are not interested in.Tom Lesnick – Robert W Baird: All right. Great Tom. Thank you.
Martin Stein: Year-to-date it was literally it was neutral, and that said from a guidance perspective that that portfolio sale gave us more comfort of increasing lower end of our guidance by more than increase our upper-end. There is just a little bit wider range of outcomes from the portfolio sale, from the properties that were in the portfolio.
Martin Stein: I don’t want to get specific in that regard, but what I will say is as a result of the sales that have occurred this year and that are pending, we intend to move back to the – what I call moderate levels of annual recycling of $150 million to $200 million a year. Another way of looking at that is that over 95% of our properties and now located in core markets. So, I think we’ve made significant progress, but we’re going to continue to be a capital recycler, Brian talked about the issues related to Supervalu and there was going to be another Supervalu down the road and for the most part, we want to own good real estate, we are seeing some bad news as good news, but I think that – I think the best way to put that within context is you can expect and we’re expecting return not to say that we might not be opportunistic but $150 million to $200 million of annual recycling a year.
Martin Stein: I mean to 60 to two third percent – two-thirds in the AA plus category and the vast majority of the balance are going to be in solid B category.
Martin Stein: You said it. I mean we think in – the current values are what current values are – and we will make decisions where do we go from here and where we go from here is maximizing our growth and our operating income.
Martin Stein: We appreciate your time, and we wish – we hope you have a great rest of the week, and great rest of the summer. Have a great day.
Bruce Johnson: And our growth expectation is on the higher end of the 2.5% to 3.5% range sometimes above that especially the one property that has the redevelopment opportunity.
Bruce Johnson: Well. We certainly have legacy lands that we want to move into development, and I think we have about $60 million worth of that land with cost to date in land like that we plan to develop, but in terms of the ones that, that we are talking about this year or next year the vast majority of those would be new properties, in fact for 2012 they are all, they are all new except for the South Bay Village.
Bruce Johnson: Well, there is improvement in leasing markets, but in terms of specific to dispositions and acquisitions of the properties or in second tier markets, I think if anything has softened...
Bruce Johnson: When you say G&A savings this quarter versus the prior year or?Tom Lesnick – Robert W Baird: Sequentially.
Bruce Johnson: Our net G&A for the quarter, there was reported 14.4, its down from 14.6, I would tell you that in general...
Bruce Johnson: Down in the first six months that our expectation is we are more comfortable and probably have some modest positive impact on a go forward basis.
Bruce Johnson: That’s really, you’re basically asking us to tell what we believe we believe our cap rate to be, I mean, I’ll defer to Brian for in terms of the percentages that we believe are As but I think as a whole you would say that our A properties would be in the 5.5% to 6% cap rate range, our B properties would be more in this cost 6.5% to 7.5% and then – that seems to be 7.5% plus. And for a percentage stand point.
