Lisa Palmer: Thanks, Mike. Before turning to Q&A, I do want to take a moment to recognize Jim. Jim has been a cornerstone for Regency’s success over the past 42 years. And so, I thank you, Jim, on behalf of our entire company for your dedication and enormous contributions to Regency, building a legacy that will carry forward with Alan and Nick with all that you've taught them. I also thank you for being such a terrific partner to me and to Mike and also to have. So, as a parting gift today for your last earnings call, Alan and Nick will handle the Q&A for you. I wish you all could see a smile right now. Congrats Jim, and enjoy the next chapters. With that, we will open it up for Q&A.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you Michael. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Lisa Palmer: If I may just add one thing because this is something that we have said repeatedly on calls and meetings. Who knows what 2023 is going to bring with regards to a recession? But the one thing that is different is, because we've been through cycles before. When we've entered other cycles, we've typically been at peak occupancy and exactly what Mike – just building on exactly what Mike just said. We're entering this one if it happens with still room to move in terms of increasing occupancy and we expect that to be the case. We're also entering it, having been through a really tough 2.5 years for our tenant base. And so, our existing tenant base is really healthy. And I think that that is a differentiator with regards to what may be coming from an economic cycle. And I think that's a really important difference, and one to consider.
Lisa Palmer: Let me clarify, in my prepared remarks [were that] [ph], given the scarcity of capital in today's capital markets, some of the smaller developers are having a more difficult time sourcing, debt financing. And so, we are starting to have a rising number of incoming calls to potentially partner and help be that source of funding for these smaller developers. So, it's very different than actively just seeking JV development partners. We will when opportunities are brought to us from JV partners look to that, but we're still very much committed to achieving our strategic objectives of annually having a consistent start and completions of developments and redevelopment dollars, I'd like to say at least at 200 million if not north of.
Lisa Palmer: For the last, I would say coming out of GFC, I believe that our development program has been very disciplined and focused on the quality of the assets and that has – that remains constant. And so any opportunities that we think about in terms of what we have others coming to us to help them, it starts with the quality of the opportunity and the real estate and the asset. Is this something that we want to own long term? And if the answer to that is yes, then the decision tree is to continue the conversations and move forward and evaluate the opportunity. But it always starts with the quality of the shopping center.
Lisa Palmer: Very quickly, I want to comment on the peak occupancy comment and then I'll have Alan address the quality of the vacant space, if you will. I'm probably a little bit older than you Ki Bin. So, perhaps I remember the peak occupancy a little bit more clearly. But we – I mean, we were north of 96%, certainly going into the GFC and got pretty close to it again if not exceeded it coming out. I'm getting very, very adamant head nodes, yes, around the table. So, exceeded 96% and our shop space exceeded 94% in the peak for a very short period of time. And I believe that we have the – I'm sorry, 92%. And I believe we have the ability to get back there again. And so, that's when I talk about entering this potential recession if that's what it is and becomes that we still have opportunity to continue to grow that occupancy.
Lisa Palmer: Derek, I'm actually looking at Mike to make sure that I don't speak out of turn too much. So, I'll try to stay away from guidance, but – and keep it at a much higher level in macro. Generally speaking, I think that if you were to run a correlation between percent leased and rent spreads, you're going to see that there's a pretty strong correlation. I mean, the more occupied you are, the less space there is available to lease, the more pricing power that you have, and we continue to see that. And add on top of that inflation and I think that we're going to be able to continue to drive healthy increases in rents. I think that's probably – I will leave it at that in terms of guidance from rental spreads. We'll contractual rent spreads we've talked about. We continue to see that in almost – nearly all of our leases more than the vast majority. And we're always close to averaging close to 3% and we are seeing that still very, very steadily and in more cases than even last quarter greater than 3%. So, we continue to see increases in rents.
Lisa Palmer: I'll start with the latter part of that question and then I'll kick it over to Alan to talk about the property specifically. Generally speaking, again, I'll go back to the 12 plus years and coming out of the GFC. We've been very focused and disciplined on developing quality, primarily grocery anchored shopping center doesn't mean that it won't – that it has to be grocery anchored, but primarily grocery anchored shopping centers. And even in those cases where we have had the opportunity to add density to existing shopping centers, we also again really focus on participating and developing the retail portion of that shopping center.  And where there is other opportunities to bring in, for example, Town and Country is a great example since we just started that where we partnered with a multi-family developer to do the multi-family development of that. That's how we will pursue those types of projects. The Abbott was a little bit different. We did – that did come with our merger with Equity One. It was already in process. And it's also – it's a lot more vertically integrated and I'll let Alan speak to the leasing and even with our leasing of that, it's still very similar uses to what we would do if it was a horizontal shopping center. So, with that, I'll talk to – I'll toss it to Alan.
Lisa Palmer: We’ll let Nick – Nick has been dying for someone to ask him about Town and Country. So, we'll let Nick answer that question.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, I'll just start really quickly and again toss it to Alan to talk about the projects. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we bought that as a redevelopment opportunity. And clearly with our disclosure, you can back into what the in going cap rate was. So, it's a very low in going cap rate. But we expect unlevered IRR is approaching 10% on that. So, it is a development like return. So, I'll toss that to Alan.
Lisa Palmer: We have not had that question yet. So, generally speaking, as long as I've been in this business, which is now over 26 years, not quite as long as Jim's 42 years, but the grocery industry clearly has always been one of consolidation and of the stronger operators getting stronger and the top grocers getting better. And to why our strategy has always focused on investing in shopping centers that are anchored by the top grocers in that market, whether it's by market share, but it's really by the productivity of those stores and the sales that they generate. The combination of Kroger and Albertsons just creates an even better operator. And we think that that's a positive. It will allow them to invest further into their business in all aspects of their business, both digital and also in the in-store experience, which they both were already doing. And now combined they will be able to do that even better.
Lisa Palmer: Just reiterating, again, I'll go back to my prepared remarks. I characterize it as cautious optimism and that none of us really do know where the economy is going to settle, if you will, with regards to the recessionary, if there are recessionary impacts. And what I think to clarify Mike's comments the question – the answer to a question earlier is, the leasing is essentially accounted for because we have our sign not occupied leases that are coming online. The uncertainty is in the level of move-outs, because when you have a move-out that impact is immediate, because they stop paying rent. I think that's what you're referring to. We did not indicate that we expect it to be – there to be an uptick. More to come in February when we give guidance.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, Paulina, I'll address that by a little bit of what I said in the prepared remarks as well. There’s been very low volumes in the transaction market, so very little price discovery. The bid ask spreads are still really wide. And I would say that is market agnostic. It is not that there aren't any specific markets where price discovery is better than others and volumes are low across the country. So, at this point in time, it's still market agnostic.
Lisa Palmer: First, thank you all for your time this morning. One last – you heard me say when we're closing the prepared remarks that I wish you all could see Jim smile when we said that he wasn't going to answer the questions. You also didn't have the opportunity to see how relaxed he was this whole time, while we were answering your questions. So Jim, it's the least that we could give you and you deserve. Thank you so much. And enjoy your time.
Alan Roth: Yes, Michael, good morning. The pipeline remains really strong. Strong demand is out there for sure. We've got north of a million square feet of leases that are still in negotiation right now. So, I feel really good about the future. Your last question relative to is construction delays the issue, not really in fact it's actually more permitting delays. And so, it's more on the front-end that we're dealing with. And our teams, whether it's our tenant coordinators in-house that are working on things diligently whether we're engaging expediters from the outside, whether we are doing advanced landlord work on some vacant spaces to really help try and speed that process up, there's a number of different levers that we're certainly working on to help compress those dates, but it is more permit driven than it is necessarily construction driven.
Alan Roth: I'm going to choose door number three and say it's staying pretty constant. It hasn't really gotten worse or better, Michael.
Alan Roth: Yeah. And Ki Bin, this is Alan. To answer your vacancy quality, feel really good about what's there. And I think that's evidenced by, if you look at our cash rent spreads for the quarter at 14%, which were obviously strong and if you think about it also in context of space that's been vacant for less than 12 months, we actually were driving 20% cash rent spreads.  Again, another testament to I think the quality and on top of that, if we look at our embedded rent steps, it was the highest quarter we've ever had. And so, our ability to drive those cash rent spreads, our ability to have these embedded rent steps at averaging 2.5% and in many instances well north of 3% does speak to the quality of the vacancy and I feel really good about setting our eyes at that 96% plus that Lisa had mentioned.
Alan Roth: Yes, Derek, I am really proud of what the team has accomplished there. All of our ground floor retailers have spoken for and leased and they've done an exceptional job with the uses in terms of merchandising credit rents, etcetera. What remains left is our premier penthouse space. It's a space that originally was going to be taken by fourth floor tenant and they just decided in the eleventh hour just to take one space, but if we want to have one space left to lease, it's that one and the demand has been really strong on it. We just hosted a grand opening event there last week. Well attended. The feedback from the retailers that are open is that they're doing remarkably well. So, again, we're thrilled with the project and we're thrilled with the support that we've gotten from the entire Cambridge community.
Alan Roth: Yes. So, we bought that from a family that's owned the land since the 1920s and obviously coming off the heels of acquiring the adjacent Stew Leonard's anchored asset back in December of last year, we're really excited about our ability to connect these two assets. We are going to be working with a local municipality on a redevelopment, but our team up in the Northeast is really excited to do what we do best and that is enhance merchandising, implement our place making strategy, and connect to the community through the redevelopment of the assets. So, a lot to unlock and I just think the center of gravity by creating both of these assets into one larger project will really be fantastic. So, we're looking forward to that completion.
Mike Mas: Yes. I appreciate you noting Page 8 in the deck. It's a very helpful reminder for folks that prior year reserve collections as we highlighted in the prepared remarks aren't expected to recur at the same level that they did in 2022. There’s frankly less to collect. In fact, our unresolved bucket of AR is down to about $5 million and it's largely out west and this has been a theme for us over the last 18 months and we're making – the teams out there are making great progress and we're really happy to see us in the final innings of that. We're only – so 20 million in 2022 on prior collections, we're telling you now to expect about $3 million on that line item next year. So, think about that in the context of 2023 expectations. From a non-cash perspective, that is where the straight line rent impact is included. It's really the conversions that are the outlier, not the recurring nature of straight line rent. So, we had about $12 million of recurring – I'm sorry conversions in 2022. Those obviously won't repeat.  I gave a little bit of color on some anticipated Q4 conversions. Again, 1% to 2% of our ABR could convert in the fourth quarter this year that could lead to another $2 million $3 million of impact in the fourth quarter, be cognizant of that, as well as you think about 2023. And then the $30 million plus or minus guidance on that Page 8 is the combination of straight line rent above below market rent amortization and the amortization of any debt mark-to-market.
Mike Mas: Yes. I'll take that Anthony. It's a great question. And we have to be a little careful with respect to 2023 as we talk about guidance. We want to help with as many themes as we can. As you can imagine, we're still putting the finishing touches on our plan. And there's a – that we have some tailwind, which I'd like to talk about in the [SNO pipeline] [ph], but there's certainly some headwinds forming. So, we're going to be patient between now and February. So, I mean, we're fortunate to have this 240 basis point [SNO pipeline] [ph] that we will deliver into 2023. About 75% of that, we anticipate delivering by the middle of next year. We'll deliver all of it by the end of next year for our plan. That's $34 million in total of ABR. Alan mentioned behind that, the million square feet of leasing that's in our pipelines, whether it's in lease negotiation or negotiations of LOIs, that's about six months' worth of activity. We've been carrying that level of activity for quite some time and continue to feel really good about the demand for our space. So, those are really good indicators of how we think about the directionality of occupancy going into 2023. You've heard us also talk about post-pandemic, our recovery pace being in that 100 basis point area from a commence occupancy perspective. I'm really pleased to say that a year ago this time, Q3 a year ago, we're now 80 basis points ahead of where we were at. So, we're delivering space, we're leasing space, we're delivering space, we're really achieving those recovery rates that we had thought we could and that our portfolio deserves. So, the outline, I mean the consideration, Anthony is going to be move-outs. That is when I talk about the finer points of our plan for next year, that will be what really drives our occupancy expectations next year. More to come on that in February, but you would anticipate that some elements like ULI. We are at historical averages now in the third quarter and we anticipate to stay there in the fourth. Does 2023 sound like a historical average year? Those are the considerations we're having. I would anticipate that ULI expectations probably on the margin are modestly expected to be a little higher. And again, more to come up from a details perspective. But those are the elements that I would think about today as you model out 2023.
Mike Mas: Sure, Craig. I'll start and Lisa may jump in here too. But you're exactly right. We are – we have talked about $135 million plus or minus in anticipated free cash flow that the portfolio is throwing off in connection with the low leverage that we carry. That whether – let's call it non-dilutive capital, maybe that's a better description for that. So, we have access to 135 million of non-dilutive capital. We are also targeting 5x to 5.5x leverage overall. So, we can lever that capital at a rate of about 50% and that provides actually north of the 200 million, about 270 million, approaching $300 million of capacity for us to invest accretively. Now, to your question, how do we then think about investment return thresholds? We have this great source of capital, non-dilutive capital. We can't be competitive. We can't be aggressive, but we are also very conscious and aware of what valuation – where valuations are? What risk premiums need to be, especially in the development business. And those remain the same. We do target spreads of 150 plus basis points to what we would determine – what we would think to be in place cap rates.  Today, that's a little bit more challenging to wrap your head around because of the lack of data points that are out there in the market today, but we are finding, as Lisa mentioned, just good conversations, opportunities to advance conversations in this space and those returns we have confidence will be accretive to earnings because of that non-dilutive capital source. And we also think we'll end up achieving return thresholds that makes sense to us from an NAV basis and from an incremental cost of capital basis.
Mike Mas: Yes, Derek, with respect to 2023 guidance, I mean, largely from a rent spread perspective, it's largely within our [SNO pipeline] [ph]. So, the spreads that we've already achieved are what's really going to drive our growth into 2023. The challenge for us and we are up to the challenge is to maintain what we're seeing in today's spreads in that mid-to-upper single-digit area. That is our strategic objective. We think we have the right portfolio, the right team, sourcing the right tenants and to Lisa's point in spite of some of these headwinds or challenges to continue to drive rent spreads at those levels to continue that pace of growth in 2024 and beyond.
Mike Mas: We'll take it easy on 2023. I'm sorry, more to come, I think is something you'll hear from us pretty often. But let me take the opportunity to take your comment and speak to 2022 and then we can extend that from a trajectory standpoint. Base rent, as I said in my remarks, just continue to focus on base rent as the best indicator. Because of our high degree of cash basis tenancy, 2021 is providing a very sloppy comparison in the year in our quarter-over-quarter results.  We're all accustomed to that. Our disclosure does an excellent job of explaining that phenomenon, but base rent growth, just to repeat some numbers in first quarter of this year was 2.8%. That grew to 3% in the second quarter, that grew to 3.9% in the third. You can imply from our guidance and our revision to guidance that the fourth quarter will continue to march forward, again consistent with the 60 basis points of rising commenced occupancy as you mentioned Hong. Pair that with some of the comments we've made about leasing demand, about our SNO pipeline that exists today, about the shadow leasing pipeline that extends beyond that Alan shared some details with us on.  I do think it's fair to say that we are positioned to grow base rent through what could be a softer economy. And one of the reasons we're positioned to do that is because of the circumstances at least I articulated. Much of the weakness was eliminated in 2020 and 2021. So, we're coming into this position from a period of strength, good well located vacancy, good demand from the markets, more to come on how much growth we should anticipate in 2023, but I do think we like this trajectory that we're on.
Mike Mas: Yes. The renewal rate on – renewals – sorry, Wes, the renewal rate on – the lease spread on renewals without options is 8%. The bucket that is exercising options is at 5%.
Mike Mas: I mean, I guess it’s a little bit more complex than that. I think we have to start with our lease – we have to start our contractual rent increases. Those are our – we are putting in place 2%. We have in place 2% contractual increases in our, kind of same space portfolio. That contributes about 1.3%, 1.4% to our growth profile. So, I think you have to start the conversation there. And as Alan mentioned earlier, we're hitting, kind of peak levels that we haven't seen from a new threshold from a contractual increase perspective. Then you add-on to that what we're experiencing on the lease spreads.  Yes, some of that is going to be contractual. Some of our tenants have fixed rate options that they have to their benefit that will have, as I mentioned, a bit of a dilutive impact on that ability to grow, but where we can maintain control of space, limit options to our tenants, then attack that new market rent growth, that's where we – that is the other lever that we can pull to increase our growth profile. The third element that is available to us today is all about this peak occupancy level. And we've spent some time today talking about that. We have room to run and that will be probably more of an amplifying impact going in as we think about the 2023, 2024 in the near term than the impact coming from the lease spreads.
Mike Mas: Yes. I think it's been a little bit of guidance and kind of asked and answered different ways today. But more to come around on our expectations for 2023, but I'll just reiterate, we feel good about the quality of the portfolio. We don't – the weakness has largely been shared. We feel good about our SNO pipeline and delivering that rent. We feel great about the shadow pipeline that's behind that and the negotiations that are ongoing. So, we do see continued opportunities to grow base rent from here. And just more to come on our expectations for achieving peak occupancy, whether that's at the end of 2023 or into 2024, more to come on that in February.
Mike Mas: Hey, Linda, it's Mike. So, we're at 9%. We get this question often and it's hard to answer only because the policies from a GAAP perspective that we're applying today don't quite match what those policies and GAAP treatment was pre-pandemic, but we were in the mid-single digit area, 5% plus or minus previous to that. I called for maybe another 1% to 2% that could convert in the fourth quarter, we're getting down to where we're going to normalize somewhere in that mid-single-digit area.
Mike Mas: Couple of questions in there. So, we didn't comment on the seasonality expectation of Q1 move outs. I think you're alluding to the fact that it typically is a stronger move out type of quarter, more to come when we put out full 2023 expectations. From a bad debt perspective, I'll reiterate what I said earlier. We are at historically average rates today from a third quarter and the fourth quarter from an expectation standpoint. It would not be out of the question again, is next year a historically average year, it would not be out of the question to think that it would not be and that we would be prudent to plan for some, sort of modest increase in our rate, but I don't by no means do anticipate that we will equal the rates that we had in 2021 or 2020.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Yes, no. Good morning, Craig, and thank you for the question. No, we're extremely excited. As Jim mentioned in the opening remarks, just a phenomenal piece of real estate obviously across the street from the grove. And so, retail demand, as you can appreciate, has been extremely strong even with long lead time before delivery. But the new anchor tenant to the new phase will be Whole Foods building a new store. So, they are currently a tenant shopping center. It will be relocating into a new prototype underneath the vertical residential that [indiscernible] is developing. So, really excited about having them reimagine what their experience as a consumer will be in that shopping center and clearly excited about future tenants we will add in and around them in the future phase.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: We do. But again, just to reiterate, we are leasing the air rights to [halt] [ph]. And so, the good news about that structure is our rent is 100% committed from Holland through an air rights lease structure. And so, if you can appreciate, Holland is hyper focused on what those rents are going to be, but we feel very, very confident they're going to achieve their underwritten rents, and therefore feel extremely confident that it's going to be a really successful partnership with both.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: The really good news is again with the lead time we have. We can be extremely patient. And so, the conversations we've been having with tenants are really at the preliminary stage. Now that construction is starting, now that we are going to see shovels in the ground now that it's become public that Whole Foods will be relocating, it really allows us to lean into those conversations. And so, again, with this type of quality of real estate with couple of years of lead time, we're going to continue to progress conversations appropriately, but also continue to be extremely patient as we expect to be able to pick from the best of the best throughout the industry.
