Hap Stein: Thanks Mike. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2016 was an exceptional year for Regency on all fronts. As I've said many times Regency's year-end and year-out performance is the direct results are forward thrives and through principles. First, the [Indiscernible] replaceable portfolio at high quality assets driving superior NOI growth. In 2016, NOI growth was a strong 3.5%, representing the fifth consecutive year of growth at or above these levels. Second, the development and redevelopment driven investments strategy executed by an experienced and disciplined team, producing great centers that add meaningfully to our NAV per share; in 2016, we profitably executed on our strategy starting $220 million of high quality developments and redevelopments at attractive returns. Third, a fortress balance sheet that supports our growth, allowing us uninterrupted access to capital at the most advantageous pricing; throughout 2016 and in January of this year, we strengthened our balance sheet even further to the prudent use of capital markets, resulting in one of the most pristine balance sheets in the business. Finally, Regency's talented, dedicated and B team the best in the business. As always, I want to thank my colleagues for their hard work and dedication. The results of their exemplary efforts had led to average growth in core FFO over the last three years of almost 8%, and total shareholder return over that same period at the top of our peer group. Before I turn the call over to Mac and Lisa, let me remind you why we are so excited about our pending merger with Equity One. The transaction combines two high-quality, highly complementary platforms and firmly establishes our position as the premier national shopping center company, with several unique advantages. We will own an unparallel portfolios with an excellent mix of first-class neighborhood and community centers for the growth we anchored focus. As important, this merger deepens our concentrations in affluent and in-field trade areas with strong demographics to attract leading retailers, combined these factors will produce better merchandizing and higher rental and occupancy rates, driving stronger organic growth. Also the two portfolios have significant overlaps in many of the countries, but as attractive metro areas, providing us with enhanced brand presence and economies of scale contributing to the transaction substantial synergies. In addition, considerable value from the unmatched pipeline of development and redevelopment opportunities will be unlocked by our experienced team. The merger preserves our balance sheet strength and flexibility, maintaining our access to multiple sources of capital, at the lowest cost. Results of these compelling attributes will be a diversified cash flow stream with better NOI, better earnings and better NAV growth potential. I cannot overstate our excitement and enthusiasm, and we look forward to closing the merger and creating substantial value for many years to come. I’ll now like to turn the call over to Mac Chandler.
Hap Stein: I’ll start that and Mac or Jim, if anybody wants to add any color after. For same property NOI growth, we do have the headwinds of the bankruptcies we saw that a little bit in obviously latter half of 2016 as well. We also have -- we are also going to be in 2017 comping off relatively higher other income line item, I think you've probably saw that in our actual results of rather large easy payment, actually at one of our future redevelopments that Mac just kind of alluded to. But with regards to rents spreads, it's still really healthy robust demand, and we would expect that leasing spread will be very similar to what we have achieved in the past few years, which is double digit. I think that overtime, you may see us maybe stabilizing the high single digits, but we are still assuming that we are going to have very healthy double digit rent growth.
Hap Stein: And we will be starting knock on wood, a mixed used development within next quarter. But just once again, Jeremy, our focus -- and we had substantially enhanced with Mac and his team and the teams did well. Our capabilities from mixed used standpoint and our focus is on being better to mixed used to get to the retail portions of those mixed used opportunities where they are within our owned portfolio or new development opportunities.
Hap Stein: We had late close in December and that was one of the close-in into the first quarter of this year, but it was --
Hap Stein: Let me just say, I think we've got it indicated before. While we are not on mindful of the economic challenges that are out there of the disruptors that are out there, but there is still a strong conviction on our part that well-anchored, well-located community and neighborhood shopping centers particularly those that grocery anchored are going to continue -- is going to be strong demand from the better retailers for those shopping centers. So that's number one. Number two, we believe that our development program is a great way to feel great shopping centers and redeveloped great shopping centers at attractive returns on capital that are adding to NAV. And I think you can have a high-quality portfolio and a right side and top core development program, and a fortress balance sheet that's the best way to navigate and an experienced management team to the challenges that are going to be out there. And I think, we are going to be very well positioned to the extent there is a downturn or a storm out there to weather that storm and even profit from those opportunities.
Hap Stein: Well, to think that any entity in the world is going to be totally immune to changes and technology to changes in economic conditions, I think that is that's not going to be the case. But at the same time, I think we are extremely well positioned to not only survive what may happen economically and what may happen from a in a very changing world. I think it's a thriving true formula and I think also to not only survive, but to thrive. And it doesn’t mean that we are going to sit fast. Because as we said to ourselves, we are a -- we think we are good, but we think that there is an opportunity to continue to improve in every aspect of our business, on a journey of building a great company.
Hap Stein: There would be done -- that can be pretty clear that there will be no sea sweep [ph] coming over to the combined company. And then the addition would basically be operation exposure field level and back half of this which lead to be new employee hires or Equity One plus.
Hap Stein: From transition a standpoint, we would obviously address which necessary to operate the properties to do the appropriate amount of accounting and the transition from, on from redevelopments.
Hap Stein: There wide work to be done but we feel very, very comfortable what I find as more to come on specifics.
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time and we wish you to rest -- a good rest of the week and a great weekend. Thank you very much.
Mac Chandler: Thanks Hap and good morning. 2016 was an impressive year for development and redevelopment. During the year, we started 16 new projects representing a total investment of more than $200 million and a weighted 7.6% return. Despite significant competition for the best projects, we continue to source and execute on compelling opportunities in target markets that enhance our high-quality portfolio. I’ll quickly highlight a couple of our recent developments. In December, we started Chimney Rock Crossing, a 218,000 square feet center located with an affluent New York suburb, anchored by Whole Foods, Nordstrom Rack, and Saks Off 5th. This location will create a true regional drop, creating a dominate center for both best-in-class anchors and shopping center. We took ownership of the property with complex entitlements in place and anchored leases substantially negotiated, which created mitigated risks. The Village at Riverstone located within Houston’s fastest growing master-planned community also started in December. It would be a dominated Kroger-anchored center, aligned with meeting national and regional restaurants and restaurant providers, already more than 80% in Houston community before even start construction. This project will be an outstanding addition to our premier to Houston presence. These terrific new additions totaled more than $100 million of net new investments. At year end 2016, our in process developments and redevelopments represented a total investment nearly $300 million, yielding a blended return nearly 8%. Our ability to continue to execute on these great projects is a testament to our industry-leading national development platform, which is driven by a joint relationship, local market expertise and attractive cost of capital. This is why we are able to consistently source and deliver of the most compelling investment opportunities. As we look forward to 2017, I am enthusiastic about our pipeline. To that end, we have great visibility a couple of first half 2017 starts. The first [Indiscernible] anchored center in the DC market and the second a Whole Foods opportunity located outside of Chicago. In addition, we have other promising opportunities that are progressing nicely in target markets like Seattle, Miami and Raleigh. Likewise, I am particularly excited about the prospects of sharing with you our vision of Equity One's redevelopment pipeline in the months become. I would now like to turn call over to Lisa.
Mac Chandler: Thanks Craig. This is Mac. I'd be happy to answer that. I think it's steady to just growing, I mean retailers are constantly looking for shopping centers that are relevant, that are contemporary and we have a robust pipeline of active redevelopments, and one step we're working on some in the near future, but some also many years away. So, it's a healthy trend and we feel it's continuing to want to play a part in an active redevelopment.
Mac Chandler: The only thing I would add is, I think at 96% lease we still have -- we're enjoying pretty strong landlord leverage. And with the qualities of portfolio, we feel good to see the spreads are going to maintain around the levels we have been doing.
Mac Chandler: Christy, it's Mac, I’ll be happy to answer that. We heard in conversations, the grocers actually especially groceries are well aware of it, but it's hasn’t dampened their expansion efforts whether desire to open new stores. So, some are trying to do it themselves. Some are outsourcing as we all know. But it hasn’t affected their core business, it's a sort of a unique component of that business, but it's not the first topic of conversation, but eventually it comes up, but it's not prominent in the size.
Mac Chandler: Well, I'll try to answer this in a broad sense I suppose to specifically to Equity One. The best way to perform on big larger scale mixed used projects is [Indiscernible] because you can be thoughtful and patient, and you can wait for the best possible outcomes in terms of entitlement and [Indiscernible] and design. So, those are easier to execute on, and we prefer those a lot. You are still seeing larger scale mixed used projects come out as well, that's apparent, but the trend you see in every major city. But most of those projects were conceived years ago, but there are still many people have equal number of projects that are on the boards and will see if they come out of ground. But the appetite doesn't appear to be accelerating or decelerating, if so pretty stay there, there is a clear demand from tenants and consumers to be in this box.
Mac Chandler: Meaning to continue to partner with best-in-class developers and operators for the other sectors that would be part of the mixed used --
Mac Chandler: Ki, this is Mac, I’ll answer that. We feel really good about our in process pipeline. It's performing well. There, we really have no specific terms to talk about. We did take a case in our Northeast project where we converted a pad, which we're going to ground lease and we converted it to building, a building that cause their cost to go up, but that’s pretty standard figure. But our returns are solid and we are hitting our underwriting lease. We feel good about that.
Mac Chandler: Chris, really it's a risk adjusted return, that’s what the big picture we have looking at it. The family that has owned the site for decade or so, spent a long time getting a very complex rate entitlements, including some very expensive off sites, which were not only entitled, but actually delivered in site. So, they also brought along with the opportunity really all four incur leases, which were substantially negotiated in final lease form and one of them was actually signed. So from a risk adjusted basis, we were comfortable stepping into that project. The site was also 30% graded and had some very complex grading that went along with that and risky. And because they had taken on the first started it, they had mitigated the risk out of the project and determined how much [Indiscernible] was there, which they moved and remediated. So, we stepped into with it, it was not completely a layout, but very much different than the typical development. We feel that return was appropriate, still a good 150 to probably 200 basis points spread between that where we could sell it today, got good growth. They did a good job, negotiating the four anchored leases. So, they have good growth and good visibility towards the shopping leasing, and we're getting really good quality tenants with good growth, and we love the location well too. This is a high, high very density location, very affluent and just to be for the one of a kind center. It's the closest of those within 30-minute drive time, and we feel really good about it. It's failing to attract a lot of very affluent customers that triggers.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Mac. Good morning all. Our high-quality portfolio continues to perform extremely well. At year end, our same property percent lease is more than 96%, including 93% of shop basis. This is especially impressive given the team's accomplishment in the face of a handful of retailer bankruptcies. The benefit of such a strong portfolio running a historically high occupancy continues to translate in the better merchandizing and pricing color. Leasing spread for the quarter where the mid-teens including rent growth of more than 12% for new deals. This strength and core fundamentals led the same property NOI growth for the year of 3.5%, including nearly 4% in the fourth quarter primarily driven by growth in base rents. But as a reminder for 2017, we do anticipate moderating same property NOI growth impacted by last year's bankruptcy-related store closings. While we've largely backfilled these anchor boxes, the new tenants will be up and running until the second half of this year. Turning to the capital markets, maintaining a fortress balance sheet continues to be the foundational principle for Regency; and as we entered 2017, we have the strongest balance sheet in the Company's history. Subsequent to year-end, we issued our first ever third-year bonds with proceeds of $300 million at a 4.4% coupon. These currencies will be used to fund the full redemptions of our 6 and 5 days percent preferred stock. This issuance and the redemption significantly improved free cash flows and fixed charge coverage. At the same time, we also issued $350 million of 10-year bonds at a 3.6% coupon. These proceeds will be used for certain transaction cost related to the pending merger, including the refinancing of some of the in place Equity One's short-term debt. Importantly, in the unlikely event, if the merger does not close, these bonds include a mandatory redemption option. As a result of the third-year bond offering and the savings from the redemption of the preferred stock, we increased core FFO guidance by $0.02. At the same time, you will also note that we reduced nearly FFO guidance by $0.07 which is incorporating the one-time cost related to the preferred redemptions. More importantly, please note that we've not included any impact of the 10-year offering on the updated ranges and any merger-related impacts are currently excluded from all guidance metrics. We intend to update guidance to reflect the impact of the merger in the coming months. For acquisitions guidance, you'll note that it has not changed from previous disclosure, but I didn’t want to clarify that we do have a shopping center under contract in the Northeast, which we hope to close in the coming months. And as a reminder the majority of the remaining $90 million in the proceeds from our March 2016 forward equity offerings will be used to fund this acquisition. The echo of those have been met, 2016 was a great year on many fronts and we look forward to a tremendous 2017, as we are extremely excited about the prospects of not only closing the merger, but especially integrating and operating the combined company. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we are now open to your questions.
Lisa Palmer: We haven't seen any material change. And if you think about the arena that we play in, it's a much smaller set on the buying side than national. So, we may not even necessarily see everything that’s coming nationally because I think it's pretty clear to our broker relationships to sell a relationship of the higher quality set we are targeting to buy. But at this point in time, there is still a lot of capital pursuing, the higher quality premier shopping centers, and we continue to see demand for the lower growth, slightly higher cap rate properties, but we intend to sell.
Lisa Palmer: The dispositions will fund our developments, and we do have developments in process that have spent that will happen this year. So, it's not even necessarily related to the new start although we have great visibility as Mac said in his prepared remarks on the call to several of those as well. If you think about free cash flows, which is almost a $100 million in 2016 and then disposed funding our developments.
Lisa Palmer: The one that we have in -- you mean the acquisition that we have in contract in the Northeast, we will use the equity to fund that.
Lisa Palmer: I think its new development that we brought online that was a lower -- that's not so much shift in what was already in process.
Lisa Palmer: We love to talk about it, because we are really excited about it. But unfortunately the good point, we are really limited in what we can say. And since announcement, we work through separately operating companies and we have been operating in that way and are required to operate in that way. So, we can't wait to talk about it and we will do that at the appropriate time.
Lisa Palmer: We significantly reduce the number of properties and the percent of the value of our company that would fit in kind of the 6.5% to 8% cap rate and I mean significantly by virtue of selling and close to a $1 billion in property. So, we have very little out there. Shopping centers and neighborhoods half even just kind of alluded to a little there constantly evolving and changing, and there are always going to be centers that are going to be towards the lower quality and lower or above end of the spectrum in our portfolio. I don’t think it towards incident, if you will, but it's a really small percentage of what we owned. And when you think about our strategic funding model, we will use dispositions to continue to fund our development spend. And we will when appropriate access the capital market that’s we did in 2016. So, the best way to answer is this is very small part and what we would consider the low end of our spectrum is a pretty high bar, because I think we have one of the best portfolios in the business.
Lisa Palmer: That’s going to be property specific, but even looking at the properties that we sold last year. We sold them that had a five in front of this. So, yes, I mean that’s the case because it's not only just necessarily lower quality, but its lower growth, because part of the model is top recycle the lower growth then it maybe because of the lower quality, but it could do business there. There is not allowed inherent growth in that asset, so recycling capital from lower growth into higher quality, higher growth property.
Lisa Palmer: The Shareholder Meeting is on February 24th and then I'm certain that you read every page of the merger agreement, so you will then know that the schedule close would be March 1st based on the number of days post the Shareholder Meeting. And then, at this time our plan is to wait until our first quarter earnings call and certainly if that changes you guys will know, but there is a lot of complexities around the non-cash mark-to-market and we just want to be sure that we have all of that fully done so that we can give 100% disclosure rather than seeing it up to you guys and pieces. We are very competitive to being very transparent and we will do our best so I'll give the best disclosure at they all return. But will reiterate what we told all of you when we made the announcement in November and in subsequent Investor Meeting. We still expect it to be accretive to core FFO even before of that incremental non-cash mark-to-market and we expect it to be even more accretive to same property NOI growth than it is to core FFO.
Jim Thompson: Ironically, they're focused from a new-store standpoint as investment filled in urban areas, which is why there is more off and online competition. So, like Mac said, they're not all mindful of it as we are not, but at the same time -- and they are being highly selective, but it doesn’t seem like it's we still got healthy demand for space.
Jim Thompson: Chris, this is Jim. We really haven't seen any noticeable difference quite frankly. It does take time, it's probably close -- it's probably tough around the front end to have tenants really there very focus, they are very picky, once you execute to delivery, we are not saying expanded period of time.
Jim Thompson: I would say to that I agree what Mac said, it's 200 basis points instead of saying or where we could sell today or where we could buy it today. So, this is fairly long and very long time, for a very long time.
