Michael Mas: Good question, Michael. Thank you for that. Let me color that up, and I think you'll find that the algorithm still is intact. We are anticipating north of 3% growth this year and the also important base rent line item. And that's largely being driven by the tremendous activity that the leasing team delivered, and we highlighted on the call, 200 basis points of percent lease coming out of the small shop arena total, 110 basis points of commenced occupancy increases really driving good solid base rent growth. Rent steps are playing a contribution there. Rent spreads from 2022 into 2023 redevelopment contribution. So all of those elements as you highlighted in our algorithm are there. That being said, there are some items that are dragging us down in 2023, one of which is our credit loss reserve. So a touch higher on a sequential basis, 2023 over 2022. I spoke to that in the prepared remarks, we are accounting for and providing for the potential for bankruptcies, which would be in excess of what we experienced last year.  And then there is a slight drag coming from the net recoveries line item as well. You may have noticed that, that spiked in the fourth quarter. It's been a little bit elevated for the year, and some of that won't recur going into next year. So on balance, I feel like the algorithm is still in place. Regency has set up extraordinarily well to deliver upon that growth profile. And we still have room to run from a leasing perspective and seeing that north of 3% base rent growth in '23 is a real positive identifier.
Michael Mas: Let me start and if Alan wants to provide any color, he'll jump in. It's roughly $35 million of ABR. You can call that 4% of our in-place rents. So that's -- I'm speaking to the 230 basis points of SNO from a timing perspective, Michael, about 75%, 80% of that should be online by the third quarter of this year. And nearly all of it, in fact, by year-end, I think we're in the 90% area for year-end.
Michael Mas: Sure, Floris. I think you're asking about the accelerated below-market rent associated with the potential to get back anchor spaces. So we do -- we have incorporated a touch of that income into our expectations. It is a fluid situation, as you know. And those -- what we have incorporated into our guidance is, call it, roughly $3 million or so of anticipated accelerated amortization. Those would be tied to what we believe to be the potential for the Bed Bath & Beyond scenario to play itself out in which we may get back those spaces. To Alan's point, I mean it's really a direct reflection of Alan's point that it's about a 15% mark-to-market opportunity on those units, which that below-market rent would indicate exists. And again, those original amounts were put up at the time of acquisition of the shopping centers and time will tell on the true economics where we end up.
Michael Mas: Sure. I'll walk through the components and Lisa or Alan may provide some color from a strategy perspective. North of 3% base rent growth, you got it right, and we're excited about that opportunity in 2023. It's really coming from a combination of several things, as I talked about earlier with Michael's question with respect to our NOI growth algorithm.  So rent steps, that's the bread and butter of our growth profile. It's been a -- the positive contribution has been in the 140 basis point range for a long time, and we're trying with every lease to move that needle as we continue to embed higher and higher contractual rent increases. Rent spreads continue to be a positive contribution. You saw a 7%-plus outcome in 2022. That will translate to growth in '23. That will be in that call it, 75 basis point area. It depends on timing from that perspective on rent commencement from a delivery perspective. What we're really excited about is now that we're starting to contribute from a redevelopment perspective. We've talked about this $15 million of NOI that's coming online from our redevelopment and development pipeline. A lot of that is from the redevelopment pipeline. It will come through our same-property NOI growth line item. We strategically try to deliver 25 to 75 basis points of impact to NOI growth. I will say with this pipeline that we are delivering at this point in time, we should be at the upper end of that range. And then I made some comments in the remarks around our outlook for occupancy. We've made tremendous strides in moving that commenced rate in 2022. We will continue to deliver our SNO pipeline, hopefully, maybe even a little sooner in 2023. But now we're getting into the impact of the credit loss and the BK reserve. So that could be a bit of a dampening impact depending on how the bankruptcies play out over the course of '23. Those would be the contributing factors to face rent growth.
Michael Mas: It's specifically identified projects. They are actually a collection of assets coming from one of our larger JV portfolio. So that's -- we've long been a -- we've long believed in kind of culling the bottom of our portfolio, whether it's wholly owned assets or JV properties. It's one of the reasons why our exposure to risk is so minimal. It's just Regency's active commitment to calling on a limited basis, lower-quality, nonstrategic, lower-growth assets. So this -- the $65 million is just that specifically identified projects. Note the timing expectations there are an assumption that could move around. But it's just a placeholder for now on those identified projects.
Michael Mas: Sure. Hey, Craig. So we're at 7% at year-end, as I mentioned in the remarks, and that's down significantly. I think the high watermark at the peak of -- in 2020 was 27% of our ABR. The answer to your question of who is that and what is that it's largely just a reflection of who was originally. And that is small shop tenants, more local credit, personal services.  It actually has a bit of a West Coast bias to it now because those are the tenants who are -- who kind of came out of the impacts from it later. And there being very specific requirements that we've set up internally to qualify for conversion. So current on all rent no same deferred billings, and have been current for a period of time around nine months or so is what we anticipate. So they're meeting pretty strict hurdles. And I mentioned on the call, we're extraordinarily satisfied with the quality and health of our tenancy at this point in time. To your point on 2023, we have included about $2.5 million of conversion forecast into our expectations. That is worth about 2% of ABR. So another 2% brings us down to the 5% area. That is probably in the ZIP code of where we -- I think we settle out from a cash basis tenancy perspective. A touch higher than if you were to look over our shoulders years ago, and it's a touch higher than that. But I think 5% given the new standard with respect to the accounting for that impact is about in the ZIP code of where we'll be.
Michael Mas: Sure. Yeah, and you can see the impact in the supplemental, and I appreciate you asking the question and pointing that out. It's about a 160 basis point positive impact in the quarter alone. It is diluted down for the full year to 30 bps. So there's some seasonality actually in that line item in the fourth quarter. We do -- the billings from a recovery perspective in that quarter tend to be on the higher end of the recovery ratio side. You can think of expenses like snow removal, like real estate taxes that just have a bit of a higher collection rate. Another component, it's really a lot of little things, Juan, and I'm going to go through some of them. But one of the larger drivers is also a bit unique. Going back to the Equity One merger and Prop 13 impacts, it took remarkably long for the municipality to get through the supplemental tax billings. And those billings ultimately were expensed as incurred, but then collected later and now you're bringing in some cash basis tenancy impacts here as well.  So thankfully, and gratefully, we've collected all of it in 2022. Some of that being accelerated into the fourth quarter so that's causing a bit of the bump as well. So it's really a combination of those 2 things driving that outsized impact in the fourth quarter. I feel really good about our collection rate. We're in that 85%-plus area from a recovery rate perspective. I would anticipate that holding steady into 2023 as you think about your model.
Michael Mas: Sure. Anthony, it's Mike. Let's talk through maybe scenarios is how I like to think about it from a midpoint, low end and high end. And also, when we think about credit loss reserve, I think it's important to remind everyone, that's a combination of uncollectible lease income or bad debt expense, together with the impact on base rent that could come from a rejection of a lease in the bankruptcy. So it's a combination of base rent in assets as well as the expense line item. From a scenario standpoint, let's start with the midpoint and go from there. We are anticipating what I would call more of a classic reorganization scenario at the midpoint of our range. So in the middle of that 75 to 100 basis points. And by the way, that 75 to 100 is really encapsulating the top to bottom.  So a classic reorganization, Alan gave us some intel and some clarity on what stores have been identified for closure at least. That does not mean that they've been identified for rejection. Nothing's happened at this point. But that scenario would be in the midpoint. You can also be certain to know that a full liquidation scenario of this name would be captured by the low end of our guidance. So we are very comfortable that even with a relatively -- soon to follow filing if that were to happen and a relatively quickly paced liquidation process, we are pretty comfortable here that the low end of our range would capture that scenario. And then the -- and then I'd say, I'd actually extend that midpoint scenario into the upper end. So what may be an unlikely scenario that a lot of good happens and Bed Bath is if there are no closures at all and that they continue as a going concern, frankly, that would be a little bit of an upside to our guided range. Now also recall it's credit loss, so there's bad debt expense. I mentioned in the call, we are a little bit of an increase with respect to 2023 outlook versus 2022 actual performance. So just a little bit more cushion in the plan from a classic bad debt expense perspective. And we'll see how the year progresses. I feel really good, again, about our tenancy, feeling really good about the quality of our merchandising but we all are aware of what potential headwinds there may be out there.
Michael Mas: I like to think about it in two layers, Mike. And it all kind of -- it's -- I'll summarize as to what I said in the call that it's flat to slightly negative if the bankruptcies were to appear. But when I think about our lease -- our base leasing plan. And again -- and if I think about the SNO pipeline and the fact that we're going to deliver that pipeline, that's a rising level of percent commenced, and that is what's driving that billable base rent line item. However, when you layer in the possibility of bankruptcies, that could lead us in my midpoint scenario to a flat to maybe slightly negative outlook for percent leased. So there's a lot of good news in that occupancy outlook but there's also the potential for some vacancy to come back our way. Not afraid of it to Alan's comments really excited and actively working on re-leasing that space today. But that would be the best outlook on occupancy.
Michael Mas: Including the scenario I outlined with respect to a reorganization scenario of the tenant in question.
Michael Mas: Paul, it's Mike. Hard for us to tell. We're not really a CMBS user. So I'm not as -- as close to or familiar with that market day to day. I will -- for our product, grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping centers that are very resilient, have great quality rent rolls with underwritable tenant credit. I would imagine that, that market would be available to us. I don't know that I would appreciate the pricing of that product.  But it's -- as with most of the credit markets, especially today, it's limited. And borrowers have little less access to debt capital today, but borrowers like Regency with great reputations in the credit market with scale, with quality will have and great relationships. We'll have more access than most.
Michael Mas: Well, we know it's achievable as we look over our shoulder in our past, and we feel even better about the quality of the assets we own today than when the last time we achieved that level. So that's how we know it's achievable and where our targets are. You outlined the breadcrumbs. The third element I would give is time. We've talked on previous calls about our ability to lease space at pretty meaningful rates. And we delivered on that in 2022. We added 100 basis points of commenced occupancy. I mentioned the 200 bps of percent lease coming from the small shops.  So time, continued effort by the leasing team, bankruptcies of a material sense will put kind of holes in the bucket that we then need to work our way through. And again, that will only be a matter of time, not if we can lease that space but really win. It's not -- Ron, we're not anticipating that achieving that level, and I'll just say, in 2023, there's going to be more time than 12 months ahead of us to achieve that. But we'll get there in due time.
Alan Roth: Ki Bin, it's Alan. I would look to our pipeline to answer that question and tell you that it's still full with a tremendous amount of activity that's following on the heels of a really strong 2022 year. So -- by and large, as we said, at 95.1% leased, we're setting our eyes higher, and we believe we can and will get back to 96%-plus and the quality space that remains will certainly allow us to do that coupled with the great merchandising activity that remains in our pipeline.
Alan Roth: Yeah. I think we're shooting for high single digits is kind of how we look at that, Ki Bin. Feel again, really confident in doing that. But as you know, there's a lot of levers that also go into that cash rent spread and that includes embedded rent steps as well as our approach to how we spend our capital. And so collectively, again, I think we feel confident with the trajectory and the path that we're going down.
Alan Roth: Yeah, Greg. No fun to be talking about bankruptcies again. But we have 10 stores that do remain that represent 50 basis points of ABR. We have five stores that were on the closure list. And again, we feel really good not only about those five stores, but the totality of whatever may come of the Bed Bath portfolio. From a mark-to-market perspective, we think we're in the 15% to 20% range. And I think when you think about bankruptcies that have happened in the past such as Sports Authority, Toys "R" Us, Stein Mart, those were 40,000 to 45,000 square foot stores, and the Bed Bath stores are generally in the 30,000 square foot range. And so that really provides a much wider pool of interested users that, for the most part, will not require downsizes or splits, which again, I think will play a part in your capital question. We are negotiating deals for all of our known closures. And in some instances, we're even running what I'll call an RFP in the interest of appropriately managing demand and relationships. But time will tell. They obviously just recently announced that equity raise. So we're staying close to it, and we're staying active and aggressive on all of our spaces.
Alan Roth: Yeah. Really well said, Lisa. I think the only thing left to answer there, Floris, is where is the peak occupancy? And that's at 93% historically. And so we are at 92% on a shop occupancy perspective right now and again, as I said, we feel really good about kind of where our pipeline is and what remains in our ability to not only get there, but hopefully, we can exceed that.
Alan Roth: Juan, I appreciate the question. So look, they're still performing really strong in our portfolio. We have a great relationship, given the abundance of Whole Foods stores that we have in the portfolio. They're expanding, as maybe Nick can touch on a bit in terms of his discussions on new stores and how they're looking at that with our conversations.  But foot traffic is certainly coming back with them, and they remain a great retailer that we really love merchandizing around in terms of the totality of our assets.
Alan Roth: Thank you for the question, Mike. The simple answer is very similar to what we've seen historically. And so our target returns on redevelopments have not changed materially. And so when you look at our ones that we've recently completed and are ones that are in process, we're targeting similar returns for our future redevelopments.
Alan Roth: Linda, we're basically flat to 2019. And so we feel really good about the traffic that's there right now. Again, necessity-based retail, and they're performing really well. Our restaurants are performing exceptionally well, as are others. So I think we're back to a pretty steady state right now from a traffic perspective.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Great question. This is Nick. As you can imagine, it's a wide range of investment. As you guys have seen the capital markets, especially for construction debt for local developers is effectively frozen. And so we are very well situated, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, with our retailer relationships, combined with our impressive team around the country and clearly our available capital.  And so -- we are, I would say, moving from coffee conversations that started 90 days ago into real dialogue and real negotiations and analysis of these opportunities. And so I do feel like it's the early stages, but the early stages are very important to growing a meaningful pipeline. And some of these projects that you could appreciate when you look at our historical development program of scale. So excited about it.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Yeah. Juan, I would just add, as Alan alluded to, there's just -- there's a lot of demand from a lot of our grocers right now to continue to expand around the country. And so that's a lot of what's driving our excitement about future development opportunities is key grocers such as Whole Foods do want to expand. They're performing really well, and we're excited about continuing to grow our portfolio with them and others.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Appreciate it. Thank you for the question, Paulina. I don't have a lot to add. As Lisa said, there just aren't specific data points we can point to yet. However, we do expect here in the next 60 to 90 days as some of these transactions that have come to market and we are seeing real competition for them. There's solid demand for our type of asset, high-quality grocery-anchored assets around the country can continue to be in demand from investors. And so -- we do expect to have some specific data points here in the next, call it, 60 to 90 days as some of these deals close. But we're expecting those to be -- to highlight the quality of our assets.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Again, great question. And again, as these deals close, we'll be able to point to specifically who the buyers were, but what we're seeing and hearing as these -- as our team continues to underwrite and talk about specific transactions is it's really broad-based. And so it's institutional investors around the country. And so as much as we're seeing broad-based in the sellers, we're seeing broad-based and the buyers. And so I can't point to a single institution that's the buyer or the seller right now. It's broad-based in both respects.
Lisa Palmer: Before Alan answers this question, I feel like I have to jump in and say I appreciate that you recognize that all space is not equal. And I would say it's not just from small shop and anchor all retail is not created equally, and high-quality space actually is very different and command, but much different rents than those of lesser quality. So I appreciate you making that recognition, Floris. I'll let Alan answer your question more specifically.
Lisa Palmer: And I'll just add. I appreciate Mike's comments about that. We really do believe that a year like 2023, may really shine a spotlight on that in terms of making sure that we are proactively managing the quality of our portfolio. And we believe that, that really does fortify sustainable NOI growth over the long term.  So while that disposition guidance did come with a 7% cap rate that as Mike said, that's a placeholder. We looked at last year's transactions and just added a little bit of perhaps market movement to that. But more to come, and we'll have more clarity as we move through the year with regards to that market.  But again, it's an important part of our strategy and one that we remain committed to, and I believe has enabled us to deliver same property NOI growth at the higher end of the industry.
Lisa Palmer: Answering it first, it's all of the above. It's actually everything that you pointed to. It's another three months of building the leasing pipeline. It's another three months of seeing how our tenants are performing with sales continuing to rise and at our restaurants and our grocery stores. It's three months of prior -- three months ago, we were seeing literally no activity in the transaction markets, and those are starting to fall, and we're seeing high-quality properties come to the market. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, competitive bidding situations for the types of properties that we want to own.  So it's really all of the above that is just giving us that confidence. I'm looking at Christy and Mike, to make sure that I can answer this question. If I was forced to give guidance thee months ago, I would say it would be similar to what we just did. I just have a lot more confidence and conviction today than I did 3 months ago because of all the reasons that I just stated.
Lisa Palmer: I'll just point to our balance sheet and the fact that we're generating $145 million of free cash flow. We do have development spend. But even we are able to access the debt markets and to the extent that we leverage that cash flow, even staying leverage neutral within our strategic net debt-to-EBITDA targets, that gives us investment potential north of $200 million.  So we are positioned to be active. It has to be the right opportunity. And you all probably get tired of hearing me say this, right? If it checks the three boxes, we will be active. If it's accretive to earnings, accretive to our future growth rate and accretive to our quality, we're poised to act.
Lisa Palmer: That prioritization has not changed. The best use of our capital has been and will continue to be the developments and redevelopments. We get the best returns. We have a really successful track record of delivering our underwriting and the underwritten returns that we disclosed to you, which are clearly a premium over competitive bidding acquisition market.  At the same time, we do have the capital to invest, as I just stated. And if we are able to check those boxes of accretive to earnings, accretive to quality and accretive to our future growth rate, then we will invest in high-quality shopping centers as well. We've been successful with that. We had quite an active -- really the past two years, we've been successful in closing on shopping centers that check all three of those boxes, some off-market and one or two that were actually competitive bidding as well. And share repurchases, we've had the opportunity to take advantage of what we believe to be a significant dislocation in the market a few times in the history of Regency, and we will continue to use that arrow in our quiver when the opportunity presents itself.
Lisa Palmer: I'm going to Paulina, going to -- I'll let Nick handle this as he's -- again, we haven't been active, as you've seen from the results as I said, the market is falling, transaction activity is still pretty thin. But Nick's team is the one along with Barry Argos are really kind of farming those opportunities. So I'll let Nick address that.
Lisa Palmer: And I would just add, and setting the bar high, as I expect that our team would deliver that, if not for those bankruptcies, as Alan talked about, our leasing pipeline is really strong. We have a lot of momentum. And my expectation, if we didn't have the hole in the bucket from those store closures and bankruptcies that we know are coming, we have visibility to it. We'd be able to increase occupancy in 2023.
Lisa Palmer: Yeah. I mean not much has changed. I know that there was a report this morning where they -- I think they publicly stated that they were looking to sell 250 to 300 stores but that's actually not any different. It's just more narrow than what they had said when they first announced the transaction. So we're just going to -- we are in a wait and see what happens. We've got great relationships with both of them. They're not allowed to give us any nonpublic material information, though, so we know what you know. But what we do know is we feel really good about the quality of our real estate and our grocery stores that have Kroger and Albertsons, they're both leading grocers and we believe the combination of the two would be good.  We think that, that would provide them more scale, more ability to invest in both their physical bricks-and-mortar as well as in technology. And if for some reason, it gets blocked, we still feel really good about our real estate, and we have 2 of the leading grocers anchoring our centers.
Lisa Palmer: Just want to thank you all for being with us this morning, and I also want to once again thank the Regency team for a really good 2022. And we look forward to further conversations and great results this year. Thank you all.
