Hap Stein: Sure I will address what happened in the first quarter and then I will let Jim talk about with individual stores in what we are comfortable with saying in public anyways. So in my prepared remarks hopefully you heard that we do fully reserve all unpaid pre-petition rent. So for the first quarter that was approximately $250,000. If you look at that in isolation, its' less than 20 basis points. However, obviously you can't really look at that in isolation, we evaluate the health of all our tenants and the remaining tenants in maybe Eastern Mountain Sports and few others that are struggling a little bit are extremely healthy. And going forward obviously I said in my prepared remarks, that we are assuming we already know for example one location that was a closed on our list but others, we just have a list of assumptions as to when that store may close if at all and we are assuming that some of them may be accepted. So again just to reiterate, those assumptions are incorporated into the range in 2 or 3 quarters right now, I am not sure I am giving you that much more detail today.
Hap Stein: It's all free, higher comps from percent, the higher comps from camera reconciliation and then there is also the bankruptcies.
Hap Stein: So we increased our guidance to 340 and we have already closed on one property in the first quarter so basically the Seattle asset, we are not allowed to disclose the purchase price for the market common clarity at this time. Once we close on that we will be able to do that. So I would tell you that the Seattle asset is in the range of $35 million to $40 million per purchase price and then in terms of under-writing I would just again reemphasize that the NOI growth and the IRR composed are creative to our portfolio and also I will give you some color for current market. As of this quality today if you were to talk to some of the brokers in the market, they will tell you that Gateway markets, they are trading at 5.5% of unlevered IRRs. And in market common ours is 75 to 100 basis points north of that and for the Seattle asset add another 100 blips to that so we feel very good about these acquisitions and the returns we are getting and we are able to add value with the expertise and talent that we have from our team. The Long Island is even better than that, double-digit IRRs, unleveraged, all unleveraged.
Hap Stein: The perpetual preferred doesn't actually have a maturity date, that's what we really like about it so we have no intentions right now to either call next year but no plans to do that right now. That's the thing we really like about preferred stock.
Hap Stein: Yes, on our portfolio itself it's one of our stronger portfolio. We have got 7 out of 10 properties that are located in master plan communities. Out of that portfolio we are 98.7% leased today. Q1 we are seeing 6.6% property NOI growth so we feel very good about that market, retailers are pressing strong sales which continue to drive expansion and we are real comfortable with the market today. Yes, this is - it's part of the reason why we like the Springwoods, it shows similar characteristics. It's got - being a master plan community. It's anchored by one of the top grossers in long term base and we have seen results. We have got great producing activity or 71% lease-to-date following [indiscernible] 8% so we love that and we think that's why we are really in Houston and we would love to see more opportunities similar to this one.
Hap Stein: It's not about the whole thing on where we are on the leasing standpoint even though the center has just been completed.
Hap Stein: As we said in our prepared remarks, to replace the struggling operator with a better operator is going to be better for the long term.
Hap Stein: We have retailed the entire Basin building which has some upside as well, I don't Greg if you have had an opportunity to visit the center, and it's across the street. No, that's what we are buying so there are different parts within the center. The main retail component is anchored by Barnes & Noble and I will agree when I said the prepared remarks, that would be half the example of where bad news would be great news. As we would love to get that space back. But the center was built a little over 10 years ago, we would expect we are going to really realize some of that growth profit, it will certainly increase over the next 12 months but I think you will see the bigger step certainly in 2018 as when we start to see growth in the underlying.
Hap Stein: It’s really early in the process and there are many different alternatives so it's a little too early to share much detail but it is a potential to be retail and perhaps multifamily shop, could be all retail, there could be a potential of moving some of the candidates to that, the other existing candidates to that location but it's way too early. We could lease it till one year though.
Hap Stein: We will get all the economic benefits from the retail and Avalon will get all the economic benefits from the multifamily and we expect to have the thing before the end of the year.
Hap Stein: We appreciate your time wish you a great rest of the week and a terrific weekend. Thank you very much.
Lisa Palmer: Many of you probably heard me say this before, we own 212 properties today, though 212 was the whole portfolio that we owned back in 2006 which was our priority and that same pool of properties for 2006 and 2007 was 96.7% and 96.6% lease so basically maintaining percent lease above 96.5% for over four quarters at least. So I do think we have a little bit more runway and you can't underestimate how much we have improved the quality of the portfolio from 10 years ago.
Lisa Palmer: Appreciate your opinion, over the last year probably longer we have been providing both and providing guidance on both. We think both are relative metrics and as long as we provide all of the information and are fully [ph] so that you all see what is in Core FFO and what is not, we'll continue to report both.
Lisa Palmer: So we really are evaluating the different alternatives as to what we may do with that parcel and no decisions have been made. No matter what we do there will be significant offices from what is existing there today.
Mac Chandler: Yes, I think I can speak to that. This is Mac and we are not, I think that's the large part because of our centers. We have great centers, they are with big grossers, and they are necessity based retailer for the large part so part of what makes them unique is tremendous [indiscernible] in the past cycles so it's very supply constrained and are performing really quite well and we're not going to lose about that market, it's one of our best portfolios.
Mac Chandler: Sure, this is Mac. It's pretty simple in that case, we actually signed a lease with a hair salon and prior to us delivering the space to them they ran into some trouble at some other locations and they basically backed out of the lease and we have backups we are already talking to so.
Mac Chandler: Yes, the Whole Foods opened last month and they are doing tremendous, well above their projections. If you get a chance, this side of the North Orange County, it is one of our best developed, best looking asset and that's merchandise asset so we are 90% leased. We could have reached really two or three times over, we have turned away a lot of cash so we have been very patient and we held out a couple of spaces and we really see no issues getting those spaces leased up. So if you are in Southern California please take a chance to stop by.
Mac Chandler: I would like to reiterate, as Mac said, as you know typically we are not releasing the purchase price prior to closing so as soon as that happens more than happy to share that information publicly.
