Lisa Palmer: Yes. I appreciate the question, Craig, but my first order of business is going to be to toss that to Nick.
Lisa Palmer: And I’d come back to just our opening remarks is just the overall strength of our business in suburban, especially grocery-anchored shopping centers. And anecdotally, we are hearing that with inflation abating some, our tenants are benefiting from that as well from a cost perspective. And also there’s been improvements on the labor front. So with all of that, again, that’s the leasing conversations on the ground. We don’t have any hard and fast evidence, but it is anecdotal, and we do have great relationships with our offices across the country and with our people really close to our centers. So again, we see continued strength at this point.
Lisa Palmer: I’d just bring you back to, again, that we’re really excited about integrating these properties into our portfolio under our platform. As you heard us say when we announced the merger, and as I think we just reiterate it today, we do believe that there is going to be some upside from leasing and really capitalizing on bringing that into the Regency leasing and asset management platforms.
Lisa Palmer: And we -- again, development has been an important part of our business model for as long as I’ve been at the company, and it just enhances our earnings growth with $150 million of free cash flow and we can essentially leverage that remaining leverage-neutral and invest that capital into our development, it really does move the needle with regards to enhancing our earnings growth.
Lisa Palmer: But probably important just to reiterate, I know you mentioned the opportunity in increasing the commenced occupancy in the UBP portfolio. But in case you missed the prepared remarks, Mike did say that we expect 1.5% COE accretion in 2024 from that merger.
Lisa Palmer: Appreciate the question, Floris. And I also appreciate the comments. You are correct. We are focused on the retail portion of development. It is our core competency. It is our competitive advantage. It is what we are really good at. And yes, there are going to be a mix of uses when we are focusing on some of the highest quality pieces of property and land. Oftentimes, there will be demand for other types of uses. And when that is the case, we’re certainly going to capitalize on that, but it is not our specialty. So we will typically partner with someone who -- that is their core competency. And it may mean that we just invest the land. It may mean that we invest a little bit of capital, but we will always bring in the expertise that is needed to ensure that we have the Folsom project and optimizing the land. And we have examples of that, as you said, Westbard is one. We have 1 out in California where Nick is where we’ve partnered with Holland to do the residential across the street from the Grove, which is everyone, is familiar with it. We’ve rebranded it to Bluemont third. So absolutely. I appreciate the question, Floris, and you are right. We are focused on the retail portion of high-quality mostly grocery anchored suburban shopping centers.
Lisa Palmer: Yes, if you say markets and not a state that is correct. And again, I think it’s really we like the portfolio, the composition, our geographic diversity. The fact that we have offices across the United States. And we’re very focused on trade areas, as you know, not necessarily macro markets. And we will continue to invest in the markets that we are already invested in when we have the opportunity to add high-quality shopping centers to our portfolio.
Lisa Palmer: Yes. All I was going to add is that we haven’t been limited from capital; it has been a limitation on the opportunity set because we’re really disciplined. And I think it’s important that we maintain that discipline, and we will maintain that discipline. If it gets to the -- and Nick reminds me all the time because I do -- I like to say my $200 million to $250 million that it could be lumpy and there may be some years where it’s going to be more than that, there may be some years where it’s going to be a little bit less. If we can average the $1 billion to $1.25 billion over 5 years, that’s our goal. And if it gets to the point where the opportunity set is growing, we will certainly evaluate how we can meet that demand.
Lisa Palmer: The only thing I’d add on retention is, and we’ve talked about this, the pandemic really kind of purged some of the weaker operators. And so as we emerge from that, we’ve done a great job of recovering our occupancy. We continue to do that. We continue to increase it. And we feel better today about the strength and health of our operators, and I think we ever have in the past. So it does not surprise me that the retention rate continues to be strong, and I would expect that it will continue to be -- to stay there, if not improve.
Lisa Palmer: Again, $150 million of free cash flow; we will leverage that and invest that into our development and redevelopment activity. And so that’s where you’re going to see our external. And as Nick said earlier, we will always be evaluating acquisition opportunities. And to the extent that we can fund it so that it is accretive to earnings. And if the opportunity itself is neutral -- at least neutral or accretive to our quality and our future growth rate, we’re going to act on them. So I think you can take our same-property NOI and the team does a great job of communicating that via our investor presentation as well as the meetings. If you take our same-property NOI model, that’s the base. That’s the fundamental. And then on top of that is going to be our investment activity, and that will enhance that growth.
Lisa Palmer: I just want to thank you all for joining us this morning and bearing with us through the end of this earnings cycle. Have a great weekend all. Thank you.
Nicholas Wibbenmeyer: Good morning, Craig. I appreciate the question as well. So yes, as you guys have been hearing and seeing close activity definitely still remains then, but there’s no question. We’re seeing the pace of opportunities coming to market accelerating and that bid-ask spread is tightening. And so we are starting to see data points come up somewhere in the range of low 6s to 7 on a cap rate. But on certain deals, we’re seeing them definitely even drop below 6 depending on the growth rate and the size. And so we are actively pursuing these opportunities, underwriting them, understanding them. And as always, if we see an opportunity that we think is equal or accretive to our quality and growth rate and accretive to our earnings, then we’re ready to move forward. As Mike just indicated, we have the capacity to do so.
Nicholas Wibbenmeyer: Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Nick. So definitely not seeing any difference in California to the rest of the country. We’re seeing strong demand across the board, and that is inclusive of California, in all aspects of California. And I would even point out even in the Bay Area because again, the majority of our properties are in the suburban markets that are still seeing significant demand. And so we’re very, very pleased with the activity the demand and the leasing velocity we’re seeing out LA.
Nicholas Wibbenmeyer: Anthony, this is Nick. I appreciate the question. So there’s no doubt right now the financial markets are a challenge for most developers. We all talk about liquidity challenges; the tightest liquidity is in construction loans. And so that is really an opportunity for us. And as I said in our prepared remarks, our capabilities, our capital and our contacts, and we mean that are all very necessary to make deals happen right now. They’re really tough to make developments happen for a plethora of reasons. But that’s why we feel really bullish we’re going to get more than our fair share of opportunities. And so we have to from everyone in the business, whether it be capital interested, whether it be developers that need capital and the good news is we already have all the tools in our tool belt, and we’re using those as appropriate. And so excited about, obviously, bringing Sunbelt online start of construction this quarter and hope to announce future deals in the future.
Nicholas Wibbenmeyer: Sure, Wes. I appreciate the question. This is Nick. There is no question we are in direct dialogue with our partner grocers around the country. The grocers want to continue to add stores. Their business has been very good over the last several years, and they’re excited about continuing to grow their top line. And so there’s no question, but there are challenges making those deals pencil and there isn’t 1 solution to solving all those challenges. Part of its construction cost, part of its entitlements, Part of it is financing cost. Part of it is rent. And so our job and our capabilities allow us to stand in the middle of all of those and make sure we’re pulling every single lever using every tool in our toolbox, which is why I would tell you, we’re as excited as we’ve been in a long time about getting more than our fair share because we are one of the only companies in the country that have all of those tools, have those capabilities, have those relationships and have that knowledge. And so we’re bullish on growing the development pipeline in the cycle right now. I’m sorry, go ahead, Lisa.
Nicholas Wibbenmeyer: I was just going to allude to, as Mike indicated, we have plenty of capacity. And as Lisa indicated, we have free cash flow is prioritized for it, and we have a balance sheet behind that to make sure we can appropriately continue to lean into those opportunities as we put those pieces together.
Alan Roth: Yes Craig, good morning it’s Alan. We have not seen any backing off just yet. And so there’s been no impact to your backing question at all. In fact, I would take us to our pipeline, which we feel really good about where we have nearly 1 million square feet still in the pipeline that is in active negotiation right now. So nothing just yet.
Alan Roth: It probably leans more towards shops on the pipeline side, Craig, but it’s really across the board just in both anchor and shops in terms of the activity. I think there’s a lot of junior box retailers that just haven’t had the ability to identify spaces given limited supply and, of course, the Bed Bath & Beyond is I think, opened a bit of that. So again, I think it’s really -- it’s addressing the totality of the portfolio, but leaning towards shops.
Alan Roth: So Sanket, I’ll go ahead and see if I can answer that question. So the leasing conversations on the ground still remain really positive. We’re very proud of, I think, the certainly, the spreads that we achieved in the second quarter. I think as you saw, it was almost 30% on new leasing. And I think really a lot of that was a function of the mix of our anchor and shops where we had a little bit more on the anchor front. But if you look at just the shop spreads for the quarter and you’re going to take a few of those anchor deals out, we were still in the mid-teens, which is really exceptional. And I’d probably bring you also towards our GAAP rent spreads, which were 44% and again, really outstanding for the quarter. And I think that ties into the focus the team has on embedded rent steps and really speaks to the strength of the market to your question.
Alan Roth: Ki Bin, I think that’s the vacating of our grocer in Manhattan, the deal. So again, we can’t announce who that tenant is, but we’ve already executed a lease to replace a majority of that space, so more to come in the next quarter.
Alan Roth: Yes. No, Eric, thank you for that question. We are getting 100% of our new deals had steps this quarter. So very proud of that number and appreciative that the team has embraced the importance of embedded rent steps. And I would say 2/3 of those deals had escalators that are at 3% or more. So we are seeing a pretty good shift, Eric, on that front.
Alan Roth: Yes. Victor, thank you for the question. I would say it certainly has shifted a bit in the landlord arena, I think, as evidenced by some of the results that you’re seeing. But from a market perspective, we’re not seeing capital go up just in terms of the market shifting that. For us, specifically, quarter, it’s gone up moderately because of just the mix of deals that we did this quarter, leaning more towards the anchor side. But generally speaking, as occupancies certainly rise, we feel pretty good about the quality of the portfolio, our ability to really choose the right retailers as we always intensely asset manage our portfolio and continue with what we perceive as fair market terms.
Alan Roth: We are still -- let me answer -- let me -- let me go and reverse that. So in terms of are we back to where we think peak occupancies are, no, we believe there’s still runway. We’re making really good progress. Obviously, some of the bankruptcies that we alluded to the 60 basis point impact did sort of pull us back a bit despite the great success we had on a lot of shop leasing. But there’s runway there. We feel really good about, again, as I said the pipeline of where we’re going. And I hope not only do we get back to historic highs, but we can get past this. That’s certainly where we’re setting our eyes.
Alan Roth: Michael, I appreciate the question. Look, we will invest in great retailers that we know have a great track record that we’ve done tremendous business with. But when you talk about sort of the uptick that we’ve experienced for the quarter. As I mentioned, it really is a little bit more just in terms of the mix of anchor and shops. We -- as noted in the supplemental, you’ll see the weighted average length of term is also longer. So I would bring you back to how we’re thinking about net effective rents as a percent of GAAP rents where we’re in the mid-to-high 80% range over the last 5 quarters and for this quarter, we’re at 83%. So it’s really still really in line with how we are prudently managing our capital spend, and we foresee it sticking in that similar range as we go forward.
Alan Roth: Michael, I would say for all of our leasing agents that are listening to this call, there is no cap on our shop occupancy and the direction that we’re going. But sure, we’re going to still obviously have some vacancy as even when we meet those historic highs or get past those. But again, it’s historically been in the 93-ish percent range. And as I said previously, we feel pretty good about the direction that we’re going with the pipeline that’s in place right now.
Michael Mas: I will limit my spot to 2023. I mean much more to come on 2024 as we finish out the budgeting process, right, this -- which will kick off later this summer, and we’ll offer more guidance later this year. But you bring up a good point, I mentioned on the call, there will be a burn off really targeted to the Bed Bath & Beyond spaces in particular. So we are anticipating losing another $1 million of non-cash income just simply related to them in the second half versus the first. So you should plan for that as we think about our full year guidance. And hopefully, that helps you with what you’re looking for on that item, plus in my prepared remarks with respect to the reinstatement of straight-line rent as well, not recurring.
Michael Mas: Hey Eric, from a percent lease perspective, I mean, this has changed from last quarter. Last quarter, we were communicating an expectation that by year-end, percent lease could be actually down modestly as a result of that Bed Bath & Beyond filing. But given the team’s incredible leasing activity in the shop category in the second quarter, we’re now anticipating being up modestly as a spot percent lease rate by year-end. So super excited about that here at Regency. However, from a commenced perspective, we are anticipating that, that commenced spot rate at year-end is going to be slightly down and that’s only a matter of time as we deliver the assigned and non-occupied pipeline going into 2024. So really, the seeds that were planted in the second quarter and the leasing that the team delivered from a leasing perspective, that’s all going to pay dividends for us as we turn the calendar and move into 2024. Not to mention the fact that we’re making incredible progress on the re-leasing of the vacated Bed Bath stores as well.
Michael Mas: Sure. Yes, you’ve got a 250 basis points, about $31 million of rent. That’s about 3% of our Abbot. And I’d say it’s roughly pass by year-end this year and all of it -- nearly all of it by the end of next. .
Michael Mas: And then from an impact perspective, Eric, 140 basis points of our base rent growth is coming from rent steps. And that’s been pretty consistent for us for a long time now as the team has done an exceptional job of embedding growth into our leases. We are -- based on this momentum and we’re pushing this every single day, we’re hopeful to move that impact going forward. But it is a tough mountain to climb, and it is that -- moving that impact to same-property growth north from where we are now, we’ll take some time, but the teams are doing great work.
Michael Mas: Anthony, I appreciate the question. We left our guidance range unchanged, correct. What I would say there is actually; let’s get some stats out here first. 60 to 90 basis points of our credit loss reserve. Remember, I think we all are familiar with this by now, but that’s coming from 2 different line items, right? So you’re losing base rent from the bankruptcy impact, but you’re also recording bad debt expense unrelated to the bankruptcies, right? That’s what’s comprising the 60 to 90 basis points. Two thirds of that guidance is from bankruptcy impact, the balance coming from traditional bad debt and I would say we’re about 30% of the way through that estimate at the midyear, so that gain. Let me say this, if nothing else were to happen from this point forward in the bankruptcy arena, we’ll probably end up closer to the 60 basis points out of that range. And it does feel as if the -- as we all have talked about in the past, bankruptcies do tend to be seasonal. It does feel like more of a first half of that in a second. But we’re in uncharted territories here, so we’re just being a little bit careful with that range. But 90 basis points would be satisfactory to kind of capture any unforeseen kind of negative impact that could happen in the back half of the year.
Michael Mas: Yes. I mean Ron, it’s Mike. Just to maybe catch some of the items you’re referring to. We want to -- and we try to make it very clear in the remarks. There’s $9 million to $10 million of noncash FFO that won’t be recurring. And I wouldn’t plan on that recurring next year, driven by the straight-line rent reversals as well as the below-market rent acceleration. There’s another $4 million that we’ve guided to from a prior year collection perspective, and we’re thankfully getting to the bottom of that bucket. So collectively, you’re in the $14 million range of non-recurring FFO items. And that’s why we will continue to look through the core operating earnings to again remove the impact of those -- of that noncash component. So that’s a better reflection of what we think AFFO direction should be. And then the prior year collections will take care of themselves.
Michael Mas: Yes. I’d appreciate you mentioned it. I’m going to be a little careful, Ron, and we’ve talked too much about 2024. We’re going to give that as we customarily do a full suite of forward-looking guidance later in the year. So I want to kind of be careful there. But from a rent steps perspective, as we just talked about, we will continue to deliver positive impacts just from contractual rent increases. We’re having a great year so far on rent spreads. In this year alone, that’s an 80 basis point positive impact. I would anticipate that rent spreads continue to positively impact us going forward. Commenced occupancy, we still have room to run. There was a question earlier today about the top end. 96% on total and 93% on shops is where our eye level is. That would include the to-be merged portfolio of Urstadt Biddle, which -- which will take some more time for us to achieve those levels. There spot occupancy levels at about 200 basis points below ours today, and that’s what we’re excited about driving growth from that portfolio. Something you didn’t mention is the positive contribution from redevelopments. We schedule that out in our supplement, 70 basis points to 2023 of positive NOI contribution. We’ve brought online key projects at the Abbot Market Common Clarendon. These are exciting large projects that we’ve brought online, and we’ve been talking about for -- it feels like years now, and they’re finally coming into fruition and through income. Those will continue to grow for us into next year as well. And there will be the impact of bankruptcies as a negative impact this year, and we’ll make an adjustment from a credit loss perspective looking into 2024. But as you know, our exposure to these tenants just from a watch list perspective, is pretty limited. So that’s about what I want to share today on 2024 outlook, and we’ll give you much more to come, both on the merger as well as on our base outlook for 2024 later this year.
Michael Mas: Yes. Mike, sorry, I’m going to prevent the team for me to answer the question. More to come on the close, we’re not closed yet. We have spent more time with it. We’re as excited as we have been since we announced the merger and since we started to look at it. None of that has changed. It’s only accelerated and amplified. As a matter of maybe disclosure guidance, we actually at this point in time, don’t anticipate including it in the same-property pool. We will likely treat it as an asset acquisition. So your -- the technical question, how will impact our same-property growth isn’t necessarily relevant. But we’re excited to talk about the portfolio when it’s time to do so.
Michael Mas: Hey Wes. I think I’ve talked to the headwinds we want to talk about already, and they’re largely coming from the non-cash area. So the $9 million to $10 million of non-recurring non-cash impacts. We’ve talked about the $4 million of prior year collections that also won’t recur. That’s where we’re going to limit our conversation today. The redevelopment impact, I mentioned previously, just again, directionality. We will continue to see that as a positive contributor going forward. And the details of that are in the support, you can map that out.
