Mike Mas: Thank you, Nick, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, we reported NAREIT FFO of $1.06 per share, core operating earnings of $1.02 per share and same-property NOI growth, excluding term fees and COVID period reserve collections of 3.3%. During the quarter, recognizing the meaningful disconnect between public and private market pricing, we executed on the opportunity to repurchase approximately 3.3 million shares for $200 million, representing an average price of just over $60 per share. We bought our shares at an implied cap rate of roughly 7% compared to where we are seeing private market values today for high-quality grocery-anchored centers in the 5.5% to 6.5% range, sometimes even in the low 5s. This opportunistic investment was accretive to earnings, and was afforded to us by our strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Importantly, we remain well within our strategic leverage range with an expectation to end the year around the midpoint of our 5 to 5.5 times net debt and preferred to EBITDA target. We also maintain flexibility to continue sourcing new accretive investment opportunities, including redevelopments, new ground-up developments and acquisitions. Turning to our forward guidance. I'll refer you to the details on Slides 5 through 6 in our earnings presentation and highlight some key changes. We increased our core operating earnings midpoint by $0.03 per share, which now implies close to 4% growth this year at the midpoint, excluding the COVID period reserve collections in 2023. As we show on Slide 6 in the presentation, this increase is driven in effectively equal parts by a 25 basis point increase in our same-property NOI growth range, now at 2.25% 2.75% an increase in expectations of non-same-property NOI, largely related to accelerated contributions from ground-up developments and the positive impact of capital allocation activity, net of financing including the share repurchases I've discussed previously. We also increased our NAREIT FFO range by $0.05 per share at the midpoint or an incremental $0.02 above our core operating earnings revision, matching the increase in our guidance for non-cash items. As a reminder, for modeling purposes, as you think about the mechanics of our interest expense and interest income for the balance of the year, recall that much of the proceeds from our January bond offering were parked in similar yielding deposit accounts as we awaited the $250 million June maturity date. Therefore, the impact of refinancing this debt at a higher rate will come through earnings in the second half of this year. Looking beyond year-end, we continue to point to the embedded growth elements we see over the next 18 to 24 months, coming from our leasing and redevelopment progress. As Alan mentioned, our SNO pipeline sits at 350 basis points, representing approximately $49 million of annual base rent of which about 65% is scheduled to commence by the end of this year. As these lease commencements are weighted to the fourth quarter, the resulting NOI growth will largely occur next year. And part of this commencement is within our redevelopment pipeline, where we continue to expect an outsized benefit to same-property NOI growth in 2025 from delivering completed projects with the positive contribution likely to exceed 100 basis points, which is double what we would have experienced in past normal years. Finally, we continue to be very proud of our sector-leading balance sheet and liquidity position, which provides Regency with the cost of capital advantage and the ability to invest opportunistically. Our debt is nearly all fixed rate. Our weighted average maturity is close to seven years. We remain within our targeted leverage range of 5 to 5.5 times net debt and preferred to EBITDA, and we expect to continue generating free cash flow of more than $160 million annually. Supported by our financial position, we often reference the available options within our capital allocation toolbox that we utilize for various reasons and at different times. And in the second quarter, we had a unique opportunity to purposely employ nearly all of these tools successfully and accretively from leasing to operations to investments to capital allocation and balance sheet management, wrapped together with an increased outlook on current year earnings, Regency's unequaled strategic advantages were on full display. With that, we look forward to taking your questions.
Mike Mas: No, Jeff. So Jeff, we -- as a practice like just -- and our board likes to have an open repurchase program authorized by the Board at about a level of $250 million. So our activity in the quarter exhausted the previous authorization. So we've simply refreshed the authorization for another two years at $250 million capacity.
Mike Mas: I appreciate the question. First, I'd say we're very comfortable with our liquidity today. We recently recast our revolver so we have $1.5 billion of capacity. You're correct. We are at $300 million drawn on that facility. That's largely attributed to the active investments we made in the second quarter, largely also stemming from our repurchases. We're monitoring the capital markets, as you would expect us to. We do have a bias towards public unsecured financing on a long-term basis at a fixed rate, and we'll continue to monitor those markets. It is -- I mean, in the past 48 hours have been somewhat choppy, and we have seen a pretty significant rally in base treasury rates. But as you would expect, oftentimes with that type of movement, you start to see a little bit of weakness from a credit spread perspective. So just expect us to be highly attentive and attuned to where the market is going, and we will term out that facility when we think it's appropriate.
Mike Mas: Let me start, and Alan, you can cover my comments up. But just kind of fundamentally, Samir, Page seven in our quarterly investor materials is really helpful. And I think that's what gets us so excited about our near-term prospects for growth. And I would point you to the percent commenced bullet on that line. And what we're indicating is that compared to our historical prior peak, we have 220 basis points of commenced occupancy opportunity. That dovetails very nicely that the $50 million of SNO pipeline that the team has built, and that we know we're going to deliver starting in the fourth quarter of this year and largely into 2025. And there's runway beyond that. As I look at that chart and think about the post-GE recovery period, you can see significant increases and percent commenced achieved over about a two to three-year period. And all else being equal, as I think about the quality of our portfolio, the quality of our leasing team and the demand we're seeing, we don't see that there's any reason why we can't replicate that process going forward over the near term. It's going to be -- it will take longer than one year to make 20 basis points of GAAP differential, right? You're still going to have churn. You're still going to have move-outs. As Lisa said, we're going to be very differentiating with our tenant selection. So it will take more than a year's worth of time, but very excited and bullish about our growth prospects from here.
Mike Mas: Ki Bin, number one, I appreciate you articulating our wheel of growth very well. We spent a lot of time communicating that. So thank you. And we have spoken to the plus 100 basis points of same property growth attributed to the activation of our redevelopment pipeline that we anticipate next year, which is about double what we would expect in a historical average year. We are set up for growth. I talked a lot about the SNO pipeline. I talked about where we stand from a percent commenced perspective. I appreciate the direction that you're indicating. I'm going to stop short of providing any guidance for next year, and there's more to come on that side as we dig into our plan effectively as soon as this call is over, as we get back to work. But some headwinds, there's always going to be move-outs. You're always going to -- you're not retaining everybody. And I think we do an awesome job of selecting who we want. Bankruptcies are always going to play a role. Historically speaking, that could range anywhere from 30 to 60 basis points on a look-back basis depending on who files and when timing is a big factor in that. But I don't know that I would anticipate our credit loss provision being wildly different than what we're experiencing now. So more to come is where I'll end it. But we are -- we're looking at 2025, the same way we did last quarter. We had a lot of positive momentum building into next year.
Mike Mas: Ron. Take a look at Page 8 of our investor presentation for the quarter, and I think you'll get some good composition with respect to our existing SNO pipeline. And there, you'll see that it's roughly 60% shops, 40% anchors. And from a timing perspective, we also have detail that about only about 15% of that income is going to be recognized in '24, up to 90% of that income will be recognized next year, sticking to our bullish posture on '25. I would say, though, that as we think about moving the needle on occupancy, we have some room to run on the anchor front, and we've got some really exciting opportunities that the team is working on. And I thought -- I know Alan may want to color up some of that activity.
Mike Mas: No, Linda. It's really project specific. Going back a little bit in time, recall, our development, redevelopment pipeline, which we talk about in totality, over the last several years have been more balanced to redevelopments. And if you go back several years, that's us kind of working through much of the opportunity that we acquired in the Equity One merger frankly. So these projects are now largely well on their way. They've been constructive. They've been leased, and we're delivering that income into the same property pool. So it's more a function of the quantum of the projects than it is the rates on the rents which, by the way, adds to our transparency and visibility. We feel really good about delivering new centers.
Mike Mas: I appreciate the question. And I promise, we'll give much more visibility in 2025 on a granular level at -- when it's the right time. But again, I'll point you to that Page 7, at 220 basis points. I'll reflect you to the -- our historical commenced occupancy changes and in really good years, we can move that number by about 100 basis points. And if you recall, it's in our investor materials, but every 10 basis points of percent commenced increase can contribute up to 15 basis points of same property growth. So that's where we get comfortable indicating that the contribution of redevelopment, which is moving commenced occupancy being 100 basis points, 100 basis points through the 15 bps would give us about 150 basis points of potential growth. Again, timing matters here. So I don't want to get too into the weeds on 2025. But I think that should help you understand and appreciate the opportunity set in front of us, and I would just encourage you to spend some time on that Page 7 in our investor materials.
Lisa Palmer: Great. Thanks, Michael. I appreciate the question. And I appreciate the recognition that we basically used really every kind of tool, if you will, in the toolbox for capital allocation. Our goal -- our objective is to create value for our shareholders. And we remain very consistent in our belief that the best use of our capital is to our development and redevelopment program. And we absolutely believe that we are in the position, very intentionally that we had the capacity, the balance sheet strength, the liquidity to do it all this quarter. And we've been talking about that for quite some time now how we've been on the -- we are on the offensive. And we were able to execute that. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in my history with -- in the sector with the company, all the stars need to align to successfully execute on a share repurchase program, and they did for us. So we bought back our shares at an implied cap rate of 7%, and this disconnect between public and private market pricing has been much more permanent than we ever imagined. And so we were able to lean into our balance sheet strength because while we are very active in the acquisition market as well, and I can have Nick just touch on that a little bit as to the cap rates we're seeing you can see that we've been active as well. We are seeing assets, shopping centers, grocery-anchored of the quality that we would like to invest in the 5.5 to -- if you're lucky, Nick likes to say it a lot, the needle in a haystack, bring in those that are 6.5. But those are rare. We're seeing a lot more and had a lot more conviction that are trading in the mid-5 cap rate range. And that made the share repurchase an excellent use of our capital. And I'd love for Nick to touch a little more on the transaction market and what we're seeing.
Lisa Palmer: When we think about it, it's interesting. It seems like it shouldn't be this way. But when we're in the position of strength that we are in, we are much more comfortable getting space back and because we're able to re-lease it at higher rents and with better merchandising. So we are -- when a lease comes up for renewal, if the tenant isn't necessarily going to pay what we want them to pay. We are happy to move on.
Lisa Palmer: I think the team might be petrified if I answer this question because I'll just keep pushing and pushing and pushing. So I'll let Mike answer it.
Lisa Palmer: I go back to how I think I started the first question answer that our objective in every part of the business is to create value for our shareholders. And we can also create -- we also do create it by applying those principles and concepts to our leasing program and ensuring that we are merchandising to the long term, not just for the short term.
Lisa Palmer: Floris, thanks for the question. I would go back to the conviction that we had with regards to the -- what we believe a meaningful discount to private market values. We would not have executed the share repurchase. So I don't believe that cap rates are rising in the future. And with cost of financing potentially going down if we see that, I think that our product type, grocery-anchored, higher-quality shopping centers. We've seen it throughout what we thought should be a time when cap rates would rise, the cap rates were really sticky. And that's because our product type offers that sustainability and stability of cash flows. So we have convictions that cap rates are going to stay where they are. And if anything, and that's in the private market, perhaps with more capital coming into the sector, I think the scenario you described would say cap rates should go down, not up.
Lisa Palmer: I want to thank all of you for spending the last approximate hour with us. We appreciate your interest in Regency. Have a great weekend, though. Thank you.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Absolutely. Thank you, Lisa. I appreciate the question, Michael. As Lisa alluded to, we're seeing the bid pools are much deeper than they were a quarter ago. So things that are on market now have very bidding pools. And we're staying very disciplined to what we've always articulated, which is the opportunities that we're going to pull the trigger on have to be more accretive to our quality and our growth profile, and we have to fund accretively. And so the opportunities that we've disclosed so far this year. You can see those ingoing yields are in the mid-6s. We're very comfortable, they check all those boxes, but there have been a lot of opportunities in the market that have traded that are well below that cap rate and did not check all those boxes, and we stay disciplined to making sure we are ultimately driving accretion. And so we've seen things trade in the low 5s even.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Craig, this is Nick. I appreciate the question. Yes, look, as we've talked about a lot, there's a lot that goes in defining these development opportunities and executing on them. And you've heard me say time and time again, capital is one of those key components. And so if capital does become available, that does open up some opportunities for others. But let's not forget the other two needed ingredients, which is relationships and expertise to find and execute on these opportunities. And so we continue to have the best relationships in the business with not only the key tenants that are expanding, but also the brokers and landowners in those markets that we're looking to expand in. And clearly, our team has the expertise coast to coast. And so regardless of capital markets, we feel really good about our ability to get more than our fair share of these opportunities as we look forward. And our shadow pipeline continues to grow as we're getting arms around these opportunities.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Absolutely. Ron, appreciate the question. No question. The bidding pools are much deeper for assets that we're pursuing and looking at and evaluating. And so where maybe before there were 3 to 5 bids now there's 15 to 20 bids on assets. And so we're definitely watching funds flow into our asset class for all the reasons we're bullish on that Mike just articulated in. As you would appreciate, a lot of those bidders are institutional, whether it be pension funds, whether it be private equity backed, et cetera. And so no question seeing a lot of institutional capital pursuing assets right now.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Yes. I would just tell you a couple and this is Nick. Appreciate the question, Al. So a couple of things. Obviously, the acquisition of UBP that's got our team up there, very, very active and increased our presence throughout that market. But a lot of it is also just timing. And so although this quarter, we were very active in the Northeast and very happy with the opportunities that have been presented. We're seeing a lot of activity across the country. And so as we move into future quarters, I think you'll see that activity be geographically dispersed more than it was this past quarter. So continued opportunities are presenting themselves in each of our markets at this point.
Nick Wibbenmeyer: Mike, yes, we're definitely seeing opportunities coast to coast. And so it is just timing related this quarter as it relates to the Northeast. And our team up there is doing a great job continuing to find opportunities. But I know the Southeast region, the West region, the Central region is anxiously waiting for some announcements and opportunities they're working on as well. And so we feel good about the opportunities we're seeing all around the country at the moment.
Alan Roth: Juan, good morning. Let’s say, good afternoon. It's Alan. I appreciate the question. The short answer is no. There is no concern over the underlying fundamentals. We feel great about where we are in terms of the health of those regions, both national and local mom-and-pops. I would point you to how we're thinking about foot traffic being up 6% year-over-year, year-to-date. Sales are remaining healthy. Again, both in the national and local level. Retention rates are also above 80%, which is slightly above what our historical trends have been. So as we put all of that together, we feel very comfortable that where we sit today. The portfolio is certainly healthy. And I think that's largely a testament to how our teams go through a very rigorous qualification process for durability of occupancy.
Alan Roth: Dori, yes, this is Alan. I appreciate the question. It's very rigorous. We do not just lease for occupancy. We're very thoughtful and deliberate in our approach to how we think about our retailers. I would say that our watch list is comprised of roughly 150 basis points of ABR. But if you think about what the industry has experienced this quarter, cons filing for bankruptcy, we have 0. Eastern Mountain Sports, we had 1. Rue21, we had 1. Big lots announced store closures, although not yet filed for bankruptcy, again, we have 1. And so I sort of look at that and go, this is exactly what we have asked of our leasing teams on how to think about not just doing transactions, but being very thoughtful in aligning with the right retailers, and I feel great about where we stand on that front.
Alan Roth: Ravi, I appreciate that question. The answer is feel very good about the approach of how we are prudently managing capital. I would just bring us back to net effective rent as a percent of GAAP rent. And we're in that 80% to 85% range that we're very comfortable with. I would also say when you look at total comparable capital for the quarter, it is lower than our trailing 12 months. So the team is prudently managing it. We're growing rents appropriately. We're focused not just on rent spreads, but the embedded rent steps as well. And I don't see any shift in underlying fundamentals or trends to your question.
Alan Roth: Yes. I mean, I guess, Ron, the only thing I would add to that, to put definitive occupancy to it is we're at 97.2% and our historic peaks are 98.5%. So there is certainly runway there. There's been a couple of, I'll call them, stubborn deals that have been out there that are really right at the goal line right now. So I feel great about the trajectory of where we are. I look at that SNO pipeline, and I would say the top 6 that are sitting there are grocery stores that we're really excited to get online, and that will also provide for some ancillary center of gravity and synergistic merchandising to go with it. So the future is looking great there.
