Lisa Palmer: Thank you, Mike. And thank you, Jim. Before we turn it over to questions, I really did just want to reiterate my appreciation of the dedication and commitment of the Regency team during this challenging time. I know many of you are listening, so thank you. Looking back on the last eight months, our primary focus has been on NOI and balance sheet preservation, while continuing to prioritize the safety and wellbeing of fellow team members, our tenants and our communities. I believe the results of these efforts are evident and I'm really proud of that. We are navigating through this pandemic with the long-term in mind, for which I'm confident we are well positioned. That concludes our prepared remarks. So we now welcome your questions.
Lisa Palmer: Hey, Greg, It’s Lisa, I'll take that. Here – it's still, I'm going to go back to what Jim said in his prepared remarks and what I said in my prepared remarks. We're really pleased and encouraged with the improvement that we've seen from – we first shutdown in March and then picking up throughout the year. There's still some uncertainty. And as we said in our remarks, there's a really high correlation between opening and lifted restrictions with rent collections. And that's why we feel really good if things are to stay and gradually improve in these markets. So we see a pathway to more openings. We would expect that we should see some improvement in our numbers. But the reality is none of us really know, that are sitting around this table or that are on the call as to what may happen with the virus and with lifted restrictions. So I'm not allowed to – I can't possibly give you guidance. I think that's the best answer I can give you. We feel really good about the quality of our real estate, about the fact that we're close to neighborhoods, that we have a lot of essential tenants. And for the retailers, even in the non-essential categories and restaurants have really learned to adapt in this new normal and have created new ways to service their customers. And our team in the field is doing a fantastic job of actually helping them do that as well, with a lot of curbside pickup and dedicated parking spaces and looking to use technology to help connect the consumers with the merchants. So I expect we should see marginal improvement from here and the significant improvement will come when there's a medical solution.
Lisa Palmer: I I'm going to – I'll just interject here because I had a conversation just this week with one of our leasing agents here in Florida. And he very encouragingly told me that he was working on getting some more transactions finished by the end of the year. And if he was able to get them across the finish line, but he was really optimistic about that he would actually meet his goals for the full year. So that tells me that, yes, we are seeing some pickup where markets are, again, that was here in Florida, where we may – where we see more opening. So I do think that will be the case. And you obviously also saw a decline in percent lease, which means we do have more space to lease as well. And that obviously also will translate to higher volumes and higher productivity.
Lisa Palmer: Well, you just gave me a great opportunity to give the shout out to the tremendous team. Because the tremendous team we have here at Regency, so thank you for that. Because the information from the field, from our finance team, from everyone that is really the inputs into how we thought about those scenarios was fantastic. And I would say that we've, it was a lot more uncertain three months ago. So we have a lot more certainty and visibility today. And I would say that we're slightly better than perhaps even what our kind of base case was in terms of cash collections. And we've taken that data. And then I would just reiterate what I just said to answering the last question. There's still a lot of uncertainty in with what we know today, we expect that as if it's status quo, then we expect kind of status quo. And if we see improvements and restrictions lifted and markets reopen, then we would expect marginal improvement.
Lisa Palmer: Let me answer that first, just broader. I think when you look at how our entire sector has performed throughout the pandemic, institutional quality shopping centers are performing well. I think beyond, as you asked the question kind of the bull versus bear, I think probably beyond what anyone would ever have imagined when I speak to friends, neighbors and family that are kind of outside of our business, and you tell them that you're recognizing 90% of your revenues, they're like, wow, that's amazing in this type of environment. I do try to remind them that we typically, we collect 99.5%. But I think that alone says that we do have really high-quality properties in good neighborhood and that's across the sector. It's institutional quality. With that said, I mean for as long as I've been in the business and for as long as Regency has been a public company, retail is always evolving and you're always going to see changes within neighborhoods, within the merchandising of tenants. And that is why we've always remained really committed to kind of portfolio calling if you will, and disposing of 1% to 2% a year and active asset management. So there's always going to be centers that we don't necessarily love as much as some of our best centers. And we ranked them appropriately. I'm comfortable owning everything that we own, long-term. But there will be some that we will target for disposition. And I don't think that the nature of those has changed. We still really like neighborhoods with above average demographics. We still like shopping centers with a merchandising mix. that's going to appeal to all to the consumers that has a high percentage of essential tenants that is not unchanged from where we were pre-COVID. And with that fresh look, there's so much competition in today's retail environment that we need to ensure that we are working with our tenants, with our merchants, with our retailers to create a thriving gathering place for consumers to give them a reason to come in.
Lisa Palmer: Great. Thank you, Lisa. And Christie, if I didn't mention it congrats on the new seat. And if you are sitting in Jacksonville today, I'm a little bit envious. So look forward to working with you.
Lisa Palmer: Thanks. I'll direct traffic here. We'll let Mac answer the transaction part of the question, and then Mike will take the CMBS.
Lisa Palmer: I mean, we're all looking at each other, like who wants to take this one? I'll start. So I think that there's no question, geography matters. So does percentage of essential versus non-essential and you can't look at either one of them in isolation? So we have a higher percentage of essential in the Northeast than we do in California, which is why it wasn't necessarily mentioned in kind of the opening remarks or some of the answers to the questions. And the restrictions do matter, and this goes back to what we talked about on earlier calls specifically when it's for restaurants and for fitness and for those – for the indoor activities, or if you will, where people need to come into the store, because a lot of the non-essential and the restaurants that are more fast casual have been able to have been able to really adapt and recover sales from a takeout and from a curbside. But the ones that you need to come into the store for indoor dining, in the areas where the governments have imposed restrictions, where capacity is still limited at 25%, it's just really difficult for those operators to make the numbers work. So it absolutely has an impact. And as you increase, at 50%, I think you get some that are more willing to lean in and try to make it work. But then if you have the threat of a future shutdown again, that could potentially wipe them out and because it takes capital to reopen and that's – that is what we're – that's what we're seeing; and that's what we're feeling, but you can't look at geography and isolation. It absolutely has to; you have to take into account the present essential as well.
Lisa Palmer: I think that it's – I appreciate the question. Thanks, Floris. I think that it's still too early to know for sure, but I do like how strong we are positioned. And we've been, I think saying that consistently, that I feel really confident about how we will come out on the other side of this and how we will emerge position to continue to be a leader. And we will continuously look for those opportunities and take advantage where we can. And some of our – some of our really successful development, some of our really successful acquisitions came out of other cycles and it's being prepared to be able to capitalize on them. And I believe we are taking all the steps that we need to do in order to do that.
Lisa Palmer: Michael, Serramonte is unique and it did come through with a larger acquisition, and we do feel really great about the real estate. But I'll go back to our unequaled strategic advantages. And number one is a high quality grocery anchored portfolio and to the – and that is really our focus. So to the extent that we can continue to create value with that focus, that will happen, but it's not – we're not looking for 80-acre parcels to invest capital. We still have a lot of opportunities in front of us with our owned assets and with our own redevelopment pipeline. And that is really, as we think about risk adjusted use of our capital that is where – that is our focus today.
Lisa Palmer: Thank you very much all of you for your time today. Thank you to the Regency team one more time. And I look – it is Friday. So have a nice weekend and I look forward to seeing many of you, and I put seeing in air quotes in a couple of weeks. Thanks, all.
Jim Thompson: Katie it’s Jim. You got a lot packed in that question. On the lease terms I would say that that kind of goes back to the mix. In our new leasing for the quarter, which I indicated did rebound pretty nicely, 108,000 feet in 72 deals, only two of those were anchor deals. So the majority of that population are shop spaces, which generally have shorter terms. As far as the rent growth associated with that, again, due to that small population of anchors, we had two Sephora, which is a great tenet that we got at over Cameron Village, had nice rent growth baked into it, but it was a JV deal, so we didn't get – with the pro-rata growth, it was not as impactful to the pool. And then the second one, which I'd like to highlight, just because, I think, it's a great deal, is a UFC Gym backfill, a 30,000 foot, 24-hour fitness rejected lease in Southern California. And the reason I say it's a great deal, it was a mid-20s lease, we were able to sign UFC at par, so it was a flat deal. But the best thing about it was we executed that deal before the lease was actually rejected. So our guys in Southern California hats off, kudos, did an outstanding job of getting out of that BK. As to pipeline, what I see as far as color in the pipeline, really from a national, regional anchor home improvement, off-price, TJs, the Burlington, Sierra Trading, we're engaged with PGA Superstore, on the shop side, the pet sector is still pretty solid Mansfield, sports bike shops are red hot, our price Five Below, fast casual food is still very good to Fort Lee Burger King, Chick-fil-A, medical obviously is – medical support are hot categories. And then obviously in the pads, we're seeing Starbucks very aggressive when order to buy, as well as some of the auto servicing and parts groups. So as I look at the pipeline, I'm really very encouraged by the level and quality of tenants that we're seeing in the pipeline. 
Jim Thompson: I think you're highlighting Katy the projects that we've been speaking a lot about, which would be the Abbot and Costa Verde in particular. Nothing has really changed in that regard. Those impacts to forward-looking earnings would be the same as we've talked about in the past. I think it was about $1 million at the Abbot of lost NOI. And that has in fact occurred. We are working on that building to bring it back to the lease-able condition at some point when that demand appears to us.  And then Costa Verde, we continue to pursue the redevelopment of that project as well. So we do anticipate that same trajectory of lost NOI. That number will not occur in one year, that will be strung out over multiple years. And I believe that number was in the $2 million to $3 million range. So no changes in that regard.
Jim Thompson: Yes. Linda, this is Jim. What we're seeing in lease terms really isn't that much different than historical, quite frankly. I would say the only tweak to that might be in the more in the renewal environment where there's, again, in those non-essential smaller local tenants, there's probably more anxious towards the future and they're less willing to potentially pop their option as stated look for shorter term. And I think we're both on the same page there. We liked the tenant, but let's get our sea legs underneath this us and talk again in two, three years. So that would be the only thing I would say that I've seen, that's a little different than normal but new deals and in general, essential, non-essential players are taken options, stated options, no negotiation business as usual. And that'd be the same in new deals with those essential, non-essential players.
Mike Mas: Productivity, I would say – I'd have to say yes, again it gets back to, we have found even in deferral – in the deferral program until tenants are open and some of these folks kick back and have visibility towards reopening and what the environment looks like. It's very difficult to do deferral deals let alone new leasing. So where we have opened and we're 90% plus collection, foot traffic's back. We're seeing good activity. We're seeing a closer return to normalcy in markets where we're, still operating under mandated closures. Activity is probably slightly less. However, one thing that I will mention is, in this group of local tenants in Q3, we had about 25% that were really more non-essential, mom and pop in nature. We saw several of these in some of our tougher markets. We saw them in some of our tougher spaces. And at the end of the day, the way I looked at that was I felt like it was a very positive sign that those retailers in my mind have learned how to adapt, are looking at the future and are making their way, that demand is really in those non-essential categories is stronger than I would have guessed at this point in time. So I found that to be kind of a positive in our sample size of leasing in Q3.
Mike Mas: Hey, Craig, this is Mike. I appreciate the question. I mean, listen, it's as hard for us to compare ourselves to our competitors as it is for you. But what I can say is what's significantly driving our results that are uncollectable lease income estimates. And if I think about those uncollectable estimates and where they're coming from is, at this point in time it's coming from the collection of tenants that is really coming from three different types of categories, whether it's geography, those regions within our portfolio that are more restricted and those tenants are unable to operate at full capacity. And within that, those regions tenant categories matter significantly. So are you in a fitness, many restaurants where those restrictions are even more damaging, and then obviously credit comes into the equation and those would focus us on more local shops, where the local credit may not have the ability to bridge those tenants from a pre-pandemic to after the fact. So I think that combination certainly has something to do with it.
Mike Mas: Craig, I think we're operating about like our historical averages. Let’s say we're generally from lease execution to doors open 90 days to 120 days, depending on the deliverable shape of the space. 
Mike Mas: No. The folks that are engaged today are engaged. We're kind of back in business. We're delivering as fast as we can. And the tenant expects the same. 
Mike Mas: Again, Vince, good morning. I would say there's demand across the country, but again, the more open the geography is probably I would say correlates to the depth of demand. There's more comfort. There's more credibility, if you will that that people are comfortable there. They see the return of the consumer. They're seeing sales from their peer groups. And it just seems to make life easier as you would expect when things are open and operating closer to full capacity, you get better activity.
Mike Mas: Hi, Vince. It's Mike. Let me follow up on that from a financing standpoint. We have the benefit with our portfolio and our JV relationships to be pretty active in the secured debt market. And we're going through a financing at the moment and I'll tell you we've been very pleased to see that for our quality combination of the central retailers or grocery anchor doing very good business, great location in Northern Virginia. We're seeing good demand from the lending community to finance the project. It's not – the demand is not what it once was for sure. But I think sponsorship, asset quality and location are all proving that we can find pretty well-priced debt, all things considering. I would say to specifically on the CMBS front. We are seeing CMBS lenders being very interested in this product type. And I would characterize their interest is from an economic perspective on a race spread as being tighter than that, of more of the classic secured lenders in the life company field. A lot more to go, we're still in the middle of the process, but feel good about finding a solution here.
Mike Mas: There's a haircut. And we understand that the V in that equation is less than it once was. I'd say it's not materially so. And they're going to rely on the appraisal community, of course, as a backstop. And we know that in that regard that those Vs tend to move pretty slowly. But everyone's sizing to debt yields. What I'm seeing is, minimum thresholds that look like they did in the past. And I'd say, we're the type of borrower that's not looking for high LTV, so we're in that 50% to 55% range.
Mike Mas: Hi, Mike, it’s Mas, happy to take those. We've – you've seen how our disclosure on Page 17 we've listed out are our projects that we expect to start. Obviously there's ones that are sooner, we're more confident in 2021 is right around the corner. And but they are still dependent on external variables. So I'll give you 22 example, Costa Verde, we have a hearing next week to get our entitlements, for example.  Until those things are done, you can't have a 100% confidence, but what we are confident is these are terrific properties that have great long-term potential for densification redevelopment, and there's great value creation in them. So we'll start these projects when we have real clear visibility on underwriting our NOI, a clear visibility to understanding the risk adjusted returns, and we'll use the same high standards that we've used in the past to underwrite them and make appropriate business decisions. So we'll give more guidance as we get closer. But we really liked these projects and we intend to start them. But some factors are beyond our control. On Serramonte, that's a property that we have great long-term faith in. So we anticipate holding that for the very long-term. We liked the fact above everything is that it's 80 acres of free and clear land just south of San Francisco. And there's lots of various opportunities to create value in the short term and the long term. For example, we're embarking on to drive through ground leases that will start later this year that have a very nice return to them. And we also have opportunity to retain it, the former JCPenney box, which is arguably our best space. So we're engaged with several retailers about that, and we just think long-term, there's really, that's a unique asset that will continue to grow and do well for us.
Mike Mas: Yes. Hey, Linda, it's Mike. I think you've kind of nailed the change in our uncollectable lease income sequentially from second quarter to third. And we did in fact change our assessment of certain tenants because of that time that you're identifying. We moved about 4% of our ABR into cash basis tenants this quarter. And that's translated into our uncollectable charge. And that is driven, that change in mindset was driven by this, I've used this analogy internally about this weight that these – many of these tents are carrying. And with each month of these closures, that goes by the weight is heavier, and that is impacting our thoughts and our ability to collect rent that is owed. And that's where you're seeing the – as I said, in the in the front, that's where you're seeing the uncollected rents kind of clusters in certain geographies that are more closed it's within certain types of tenants. And it's specifically within a local kind of credit quality. So definitely change. On the flip side of that, if you look at our cash basis tenants and the entirety of the pool, this – we are also – we see this positive in our collection rate. We posted a 46% collection rate in the second quarter on that pool. Well, that's up to 64% this quarter. And in fact, looking into October, it's up to 66%. So while we've segregated those tenants into that cash basis pool, we are seeing green shoots and productivity, all of it – as you've heard from all of us today, tied to the restrictions and their ability to operate.
Mike Mas: Hey, Michael; this is Mike, I'll start and Lisa can jump-in. We are very fortunate to have a very longstanding relationship with our existing JV partners. And they've been wonderful to work with in this environment. No eagerness at all from or nobody's crossed-off retail and put in sell orders, very, very patient. They've agreed with our approach to tenant negotiations, which has been, again, another testament to just the relationship we've built with them over time. And I'd actually kind of flipped it on it [indiscernible]. I think across the board, they understand that grocery anchored retail in the best neighborhoods of the country is where you want to be in this space, and they believe in that on a long-term basis. And I believe if presented with the right opportunity where you have confidence in the forward income stream, they would be there to co-invest with us on a continued basis.
Mike Mas: I appreciate your remembering that Michael, I was with Mike again. We're learning a lot about our DNA model
Mike Mas: We are learning a lot about that model and we study it continuously and it's a guide, it's not a rule for sure. We think the model is proving out what we believe, which is that our suburban, near urban locations as measured by the demographics and the really supply constraints that DNA produces are holding up very well in this environment and will benefit from any changing landscape with respect to where people work. What I would also say at the same time is we didn't have a pandemic box in the math. And when you overlay – when you overlay a government imposed mandate that you cannot conduct business in a certain environment, it doesn't matter how much money the people make, or how many people are involved in that trade area, that the model will break down and we did – we have seen that. So this period of time, we'll have a lot of noise in the math but we are learning. I think what we're learning is that work from a location quality perspective, much of what we believed is confirming itself.
