H. Eric Bolton: Well, we have roughly a little over $150 million of commercial assets. These are operating assets that we picked up from the Colonial merger. And the values, I mean we're -- 4 of the 5 are under contract, we're in the market with the fifth one currently. But I probably shouldn't get into pricing specifically at this point, given sort of where we are in the process. But I can tell you that the pricing we have on all these are well within what we expected in our original underwriting and we feel good about the values and the pricing we're looking at now. What's important to keep in mind is that on these commercial assets, these are all assets that are going to be -- being office and retail, going to be selling at a much higher cap rate than what we're planning to reinvest in multifamily. So they are particularly dilutive as we cycle that capital, at least near term, but we certainly believe important to get back to our focus solely on apartment real estate. The other -- the balance of the plans for the year is roughly about $150 million-or-so of multifamily assets. We sold, as we mentioned, about $130 million last year. We think it's important to continue this steady process of cycling out of some of the older assets. And again, there's some dilution associated with that. It represents, really, about 11 or so properties that we've teed up for next year. And so that really is -- the spread on that is about 100 to 120 basis points is the assumption, in terms of the dilution associated with the recycling on the multifamily. But that hopefully gives you a little perspective, David.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes. But frankly, what we're really -- it's not Vegas, I mean, is not targeted, neither is South Florida. I mean, frankly, what we're really targeting are the older and lower-margin investments that we have. And as it so happens, a lot of the older assets that we have are in some of the more tertiary markets in the portfolio. And so what you're going to likely see -- what you will see over the next couple of years is continued cycling out of some of the more tertiary markets. There'll be a few in some of the bigger markets like a Charlotte and a Dallas, but it's really driven more by a belief that we can reinvest the capital into higher yielding -- or higher margin, and higher -- longer term sort of value-creation investments and -- but I also want to quickly add though, as I've said in the past, we very much remain committed to this belief in allocating capital between large and secondary markets. So as we are more active in recycling within the Secondary Segment of the portfolio, it's really moving capital out of some of the more tertiary markets into other secondary markets. So it'll be moving out of Valdosta, out of Columbus, Georgia, markets like that into Charleston, Savannah, Greenville, Kansas City, some that we offer -- we believe offer a little bit more dynamic job growth.
H. Eric Bolton: And let me also just quickly add on that point, though, that I think it's important when you start to think about leverage levels and you look across the sector at various leverage levels, I think the balance sheet leverage and where the balance sheet -- and how the balance sheet is being managed, needs to reconcile to how the company -- what the company's overall strategy is. If we were a big developer, and we had a big development pipeline with a plan to continue a big future funding commitment to our strategy, I can tell you that I would be pushing to get our leverage much lower than it is right now. But as you know, that is not what we do. And so I think you have to reconcile your leverage and your balance sheet strategy to what you're trying to do overall as a company.
H. Eric Bolton: We do think, as Al says, I mean, we do think the Secondary Market component of the portfolio will be a stronger performance for us in '14 than it was in '13. Certainly the gap will begin to moderate a little bit. We look for this component of the portfolio to be a real stabilizing influence in our performance. And we certainly think that's going to be the case this year. On the other sort of part of your question regarding sort of the difference in '14 between the sort of legacy MAA and the legacy Colonial portfolio, we do think that the Colonial portfolio will outperform a little bit in '14 relative to MAA, only because of kind of the points that Al was mentioning earlier, we think that there is some opportunity on sort of the yield management side, particularly in Q2 and Q3, to do some things to address some of the things that took place last year in '13, not have those things repeat in '14, and we think on a net basis, that's going to ultimately drive a higher level of revenue result out of Colonial portfolio than it is out of MAA. But on a blended basis, you got the number there.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I think it really is just a realization that there's a lot of development in a number of these markets. It's coming online, particularly in the markets, a lot of these Sunbelt markets, a lot of this development is taking place by developers who are not really in the business of owning this product long term. And we've demonstrated a history. I mean, frankly, just -- we've had the opportunity to compare yields that we're getting on some of the development that we have in some cases prepurchased, or development that we have bought in a more opportunistic way and contrasted that against the yields that we're getting on the development that Colonial was doing. And I can tell you that the spreads, the yields are right on top of each other. And so from my perspective, particularly at this part of the cycle, where there's more supply coming into the market, we just feel, on a risk-adjusted basis, that we can bring brand-new product on to the balance sheet at yields and value that is equivalent to what the yields would be if we were building it ourselves. And, of course, we are not taking on the risk to do that. And so we just continue to believe that one of the ways that you sort of manage the balance sheet and manage long-term earnings in this region of the country is to be very -- in my mind, you really limit how much you want to do in development. In particular, this part of the cycle, you want to be more on the buying side as opposed to the development side.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, we haven't really seen any evidence of that. As mentioned, we just closed on the sale of a property in Columbus, Georgia. We were pretty active in the market up until third and fourth quarter of last year and all the deals that we had under contract, our sellers, often private capital sources, they were -- everything worked, I mean they got the financing. There was no real pushback or re-trade on anything. So certainly, having been out to the National Multifamily Housing Council's Annual Meeting a couple of weeks ago, I mean, the appetite for our product is, I can tell you, huge. And there's a lot of people interested and I think that there's no indication that we've seen that financing is a problem.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, the dynamics contributing to -- I mean, Colonial had about sort of a 70-30 split in terms of how we define Large versus Secondary and we were at about 60-40 and -- on a blended basis, we're about 65-35. I mean, we -- honestly, that's kind of right where we wanted to be. Obviously, we didn't do this transaction with the idea that we're trying to maximize performance in 2014 or '15. I mean, it's a much longer horizon we're taking to this thing, and so we think that as we get into an up part of the cycle, what we've historically always found, as we've certainly seen over the last 2 to 3 years, is the large market component of the portfolio tends to outperform. And obviously, if you go back to 2008, 2009 timeframe, early 2010, our Secondary Market segment was actually outperforming. And so back to the point I was making earlier about -- our effort is to really try to achieve a optimum sort of full-cycle performance profile to the portfolio. And I mean, what drives the fundamentals in both Large and Secondary Markets is the same thing, it's just, obviously, it's job growth and demand and supply. And so these large markets are -- is where most of the supply is happening right now, and that's why you're going to see more moderation take place in Large Markets versus the Secondary, which tend to be a lot more stable. Having said that, I mean, it doesn't take a whole lot of supply, obviously, to create an imbalance in some of these Secondary Markets. And so rather than ramp up development in these Secondary Markets, we just continue to sit back and wait and let the projects that do take place there, offer an opportunity for us. Having said that, I mean, what little bit of development we have done in the past in terms of -- in sort of MAA's history, it has been in the Secondary Market. We did Charleston, we've done Little Rock, we just finished one in Nashville. So you're unlikely to see us going far. What little bit of development that we do, you're not going to see us do it in Dallas, in Atlanta, in places like that. I mean, there's plenty of that going on there. So, our point is, we do focus on the secondary whenever we do -- and we're at the part of the cycle where, development, in my mind does make sense.
H. Eric Bolton: No. I mean, we like where the balance is. So, we're not any effort to sort of shift anything around from large to secondary. But we're looking for opportunity in both large and secondary. I think that, frankly, where you're likely to see some of the better buying opportunities over the next couple of years is in some of the larger markets, simply because that's where a lot of the supply is coming online. And I think some of these markets that tend to get perhaps a little bit overbuilt from time to time. There may be some very good opportunities emerge in markets like Raleigh, in Austin. Some of the markets that are arguably weakening a little bit more and undoubtedly when some of these projects were started back and penciled out a year or 2 years ago, my guess is some of them are not going to lease-up quite as fast as some of the developers have hoped. And out of that emerges opportunity.
H. Eric Bolton: No, I mean, we're looking at a couple of things, Mike. We haven't really talked to the board about it, but in both cases, frankly, what we're looking at are Phase 2 opportunities where we already own the land. We've got an opportunity up in Virginia, we've got opportunity in Orlando that we're taking a hard look at right now. And so, it will be limited. But in both cases, if we do anything this year, it probably -- something along those lines.
H. Eric Bolton: We're going to bring in-house one of those, and we're going to take to market to sell the other one. But we expect that fund to wind down this year.
H. Eric Bolton: Of the $310 million, I mean, roughly, less than or right at about 10% of it is land value. And so the vast majority of this is earning assets if you will.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, at this point, Dave, we don't have any plans for any additional JV programs. We really feel like that having JVs involved with us from time to time is usually -- we were trying to address a specific need or offload some risk, various things of that nature that sort of compel us to look to JV. I don't think about it so much as an effort to really establish a new funding source. And so, we think that with the assets that we've got and sort of where we have the balance sheet, candidly, just don't see a particular need for any sort of JV structure to come into play based on everything that we know today. Having said that, obviously, if an opportunity were to emerge of some sort, that we felt worth pursuing, and a JV could be useful in terms of diversifying risk or structuring the financing in some way that would create some value for our shareholders, we would certainly look to put a JV in place. But we've done several of them over the years with a lot of very sophisticated partners. But at this point, we have no need to, or plans to do any additional JV work.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I think what we need to see is more robust recovery in the economy and more job growth. I think that if we got to a point where the job growth began to accelerate and bled more into some of the secondary markets and the demand picked up, my guess is that the numbers start to work in a more compelling way to ramp up development in some of the secondary markets. I think that, right now, I don't know whether it's necessarily a lack of access to financing capital, but I think, at least, reasonably disciplined equity capital is going to be a little bit cautious about ramping up supply in the secondary markets until we see more job growth.
H. Eric Bolton: We appreciate everyone joining us. And we will see you, I'm sure, over the next couple of months. Thanks.
Albert M. Campbell: I would say, David, we're pretty comfortable right now with current leverage. But over time, we would expect to bring that in a little bit, as we continue to work through this process over the next couple of years. But we're in the 42% to 45% range right now. We'll probably stay at the low end of that and over the next couple of years, continue to go down. But for right now, we're comfortable.
Albert M. Campbell: I'll give you the overall blend. This is Al, Ryan. And I can tell you what we're expecting for the year. In terms of performance for the year, we're expecting pricing and -- occupancy to be stable, pricing to be about what it is, slightly moderated. First quarter carrying the fourth quarter trends in and then second and third quarter, beginning to have a little higher velocity because those are the high-traffic months. But for the year, the overall price performance, I think, a little less for the typical portfolio than we had this year. Now remember, in the guidance, we do have impact also from opportunities from the Colonial, from synergies and so for that portfolio, there's a little more than just a normal performance expected in revenues this year that does impact that top line.
Albert M. Campbell: I think you can expect 2 things Ryan: one is, as Tom mentioned, in the second and third quarter, you have a very favorable comparison because when we started talking about the merger last June, there was a slip in occupancy in their portfolio in the second quarter. They worked hard in the third quarter to get it back, got it back, but there will be some favorable year-over-year in the second, some in the third quarter. And then in the third and fourth quarter, you will begin to see the impact of some of these synergies as some redevelopment program and some of these other things that we're doing begin to play through the portfolio. So more in the second, third and fourth quarter, you'll see that.
Albert M. Campbell: And for -- just to give you context about same cost level, which will put you in the 18 -- in the around $18 million, or $15 million to $20 million let's say, we'll spend for the full year, Ryan.
Albert M. Campbell: Karin, we really don't specifically breakdown between Large and Secondary on that, we do it property level build it up. I don't think that's something that we've typically want to really put out on our guidance. I'll say to you, we do expect the Large Markets in our projections to, as we talked about, have stable performance, but moderate a little bit and our Secondary Markets to tighten up a little bit, close that range a bit. Not to close it, I mean it's -- the gap is pretty large at this point. We do see some progress in 2014. But not the full gap close.
Albert M. Campbell: The market-to-market (sic) [mark-to-market] adjustment was, in total, about $90 million, that we put in our balance sheet with the merger. And I think, what we have in our fourth quarter, is it $24 million, Tim? I think there is expected to be $24 million to $25 million for 2014. But I'll tell you, Karin, we are wanting to -- as we looked at 2014, this is the first time we're putting out guidance for the year, obviously. And as we looked at the projections, and analysts put out for '14 before we had this guidance out. It really was all over the place, and we were trying, we're trying very hard to give a lot of details in this call and in the supplements to help really focus and put everybody on the same page if we can. I'll say that to say, we are focusing on core FFO, which will exclude the merger cost and will exclude that fair market value adjustment. Now that is a favorable non-cash favorable adjustment that hits FFO -- NAREIT FFO, but we looked at it, since it's noncash, we thought the right thing to do for investors was to pull that out and just show core FFO without that. So we -- I will tell you, that's a number, it's going to be $24 million, $25 million this year, but we're going to exclude that in our core FFO.
Albert M. Campbell: On the commercial, you're talking 250 basis points, Karin. It's pretty -- because the Commercial they're -- they're higher, typically higher yielding, higher cap rate assets, so you're talking 250 basis points.
Albert M. Campbell: I can, Greg. This is Al. And as we talked about, we expect some synergies, both in the revenue line and in the expense line. Probably a little more expense in 2014, call it, 60-40 split. We have somewhere in the $5 million to $6 million range, I think, that we expect to capture in the year related to that. And if you do the math and back into it, you're talking somewhere in the 75 to 100 basis points impact on the combined portfolio NOI performance, for the quarter -- I mean, for the year.
Albert M. Campbell: I'll give you the split on that Mike, in terms of revenue. If you look at the normal performance for the portfolio outside the synergies we talked about from Colonial, we would see pricing performance be in the 3.5% range, with occupancy increasing kind of an average 30 basis points. So the normal portfolio activity, call it 3.8% total revenue growth for the year. On top of that, you have the synergy that we talked about from the Colonial portfolio that give you the full performance. So I hope that gives you what you need.
Albert M. Campbell: That explains some of the 2014 noise we talked about, Mike. The vast majority of that in 2014 is going to be the commercial properties. We're working hard to sell and it's the right thing to do, to go ahead and simplify the business. But the Brookwood asset, the [indiscernible] asset and the Kraft's [ph] farm asset, we're looking to sell those during the year and that makes up the majority, based on our value of the...
Albert M. Campbell: So you'll see that land value be more impactful in 2015, as we move to sell that. And it's dead wood now. It will begin to add earnings then.
Albert M. Campbell: No, no, no. That's, that's -- let me clarify this, Tayo, that's a very good point. The $25 million is the overhead or G&A synergies that were stated in the -- when we talked about the merger. We'll capture virtually all of that in 2014. [indiscernible] Or the vast majority with the -- a certain amount trickling into '15, but most of it in '14.
Albert M. Campbell: The full amount, that's exactly right. The other is, we have been talking about -- now, if you put the 2 companies together, and you take the FFO that they both had premerger, add them together, and take into account the benefit of that $25 million, you add them together, and take out 25, divide by the combined shares, you're still about $0.20 to $0.25 per share dilutive. What we've talked about is that we have opportunities, whether it be the non-core land, the development pipeline leasing-up, the redevelopment program, that gives us opportunities for an additional $0.30 to $0.45 per share on top of that stated synergy, okay? We're going to capture, call it $6 million of that in 2014. It's a lot of work to get that done, we're capturing in 2015 it'll be a lot more meaningful and some in '16. But that's what we're talking about.
Albert M. Campbell: I can give that to you, Dave, and sequentially, it was -- the revenues were down 0.4%, which is sort of seasonal. The expenses were down 7%, which was 2 things: In the fourth quarter, you do expect some seasonal sequential decline from operating expenses going down, but we also had the impact of -- Colonial had a third quarter -- they had a lot of noise related to merger adjustments and things like that, that they were making to prepare for the transaction. So that was part of that. So the NOI was 4.4% growth. 4% down on revenues and -- 0.4% down on revenues, 7% down on operating expenses.
Thomas L. Grimes: And Ryan, on the occupancy front, we don't look at that as an odd trade off on occupancy trending down a little bit from third quarter to fourth is normal seasonality, and we wouldn't expect it to stay flat at this point. We would expect it to grow over time across-the-board. And the -- so to say, it's important to draw distinction between the shift in the MAA portfolio and the shift in the Colonial portfolio. On the occupancy side, you've got to look past the actual ending physical occupancy and look at the average daily for the effective occupancy. For MAA it was 94.7% in the fourth quarter -- or in the third quarter, and moved down to 94.2%. Just a drop of a few basis points, which is perfectly seasonal. On the COP side, you really have to go back and look at the -- and look at their goal for the third quarter, which was to bring occupancy up from the mid-94% that it was at the beginning of the third quarter. They did that beautifully, but gave up a little bit of rent on that and probably overshot the mark. So they came into the fourth quarter with sub-7% 60-day exposure. And so their tradeoff was a little bit less. We expect occupancy to grow from this point forward, we're at 95.2% for January and in good shape on exposure.
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, we'll do -- Ryan, we'll do about 4,000 units and that is about doubling our current pipeline. And 2,000 of those units will be in the Colonial side. They did not have a similar program.
Thomas L. Grimes: And I'll let Al walk us through the split on forecast. And then I'll follow up with the development synergies. And I'll just go ahead with those. I mean we've got, in '14, we will see $1.3 million worth of property and casualty savings. Redevelopment will generate about $1 million. On the RNM [ph] side, we see opportunity. They were -- tended to be more structure and managed to a specific benchmark. We tend to give ranges on things like efficiency and they may be at the benchmark, but what may be better for that property is, well, better than benchmark, and along those lines, they did not do any in-house carpet cleanings. We expect to do half of those in-house. That will save us about $900,000. We also get about $400,000 on scale for RNM [ph] expenses. We feel like revenue management opportunity is about $500,000. I mean -- and that just gives you a general taste of where the opportunities lie.
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, Tayo, it's Tom. I think the 2 that we're watching or the 2 that we were watching last quarter is Austin and Raleigh. Both have relatively large chunks of supply coming on. Raleigh it was sort of, if you just looked at the numbers, you would think it was past it because a bunch of it came online in 2013. But most of that supply was back ended. So we're just beginning to feel that. That said, both have awfully resilient jobs machines in them, and I can see their tail off being short-lived. But we're concerned about those 2.
Thomas L. Grimes: Well, it's 2 properties in Vegas, both on the north side of it. And frankly, the market's doing pretty well, and we've got one property firing on all cylinders, and one property, honestly, that we've got a few things that have been adjusted and we're optimistic about how it will do. So just operationally, in Vegas, we feel pretty good about it.
Thomas L. Grimes: We did not. On a year-over-year, the leases signed in January were up 4% for the combined portfolio and renewals were up 6.5%. Again, renewals achieved.
Thomas L. Grimes: Renewals were up a little bit. But no, the fourth quarter on year-over-year leases were -- was also right at 4.1%.
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, that's -- I mean, that's obviously a good point too. And you're right, yes, it is. I mean, of course, we're not out actively trying to price out jobs and -- but based on everything that we see and folks that we talk to and developers that we talk to, certainly, rising construction costs are there. And I think that is acting as a bit of holding down some of the supply pressure as well.
