Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, and I'll back into that real quick. On a new and renewal rates for the Secondary Markets for -- sorry to be a little behind on this, but we had about 3% on new rates and 5% on renewals. And then on the occupancy component, I think that's covered in the Q. It went down a bit, but really driven by military move-outs in 3 of our markets in Columbus, Savannah and Virginia. Those were temporary moves. The third infantry brigade deploying in Columbus, and a carrier moving out in Virginia, and those have recovered since. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Rich, it's Tom. We can run through it. In Houston it's oil and gas. In Dallas, it's technology. In Charleston, it's manufacturing. Across the Sun Belt, it's a range of things that are not temporary in nature and are, frankly, been historically strong to the Sunbelt. So I mean, they're there and we're chugging along. It matters. Every job matters. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, no. I mean, we're feeling pretty good. Venue in Nashville, we expect it to be 41% occupied, and they're 53% occupied and we expected 1/2 month's rent concession to do lease-up and then we're not running with any lease-up concessions. And it's the same story, really, Ridge, we expected them, actually, they're a little further ahead to be 22% and they're 52% occupied. Same story on the lease-ups. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Sure, Dave. The move outs to -- for home buying's up slightly about 4%, or 42 units, but still 18.3% of total move outs versus like 17.8% and not a material move there, and certainly not up around the highs of the 30% that we've seen before. And the move outs due to home renting has gone down 1.7%. It's now less than 6% of move outs and it just -- continues not to be much of a factor. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Sure. The rent-to-income ratios, and I'll back it up a bit, in sort of '08, '09, it got as high as 19% and it is steadily worked its way down and we're at 16% rent-to-income ratio today. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, yes, it's 13% of move outs for us. We're at rent increase and that's a number that we comfortably control and it's been offset by lack of job loss and job transfer, so we're happy with that number and we replaced those folks that moved out with rents that are paying 8% higher than they were, so it's still making sense at this point. 
Thomas L. Grimes: I mean, that's stayed largely consistent. I mean, I think we'll see it pull down or actually I think we'll see it track sort of the eco-boomers' midpoint, but it has not changed materially. 
Thomas L. Grimes: I'll answer that quickly. South Florida is -- you're looking at one asset in a very specific location with a good, good school district there in Coral Springs. And it weathered the storm extraordinarily well. So it's sort of specific submarket has allowed to do quite well over time. On the Jacksonville front, Jacksonville is coming back reasonably well, but it's just not rebounding as fast as the Texas markets go. But we're encouraged by where it's heading. They've been able to grow rents reasonably well this year and occupancy for the quarter was 95.7%. July, it's picked up a little bit more to 97% exposure at 7 5. So we feel like the fundamentals of Jacksonville, while they have been slower to turn than our asset in south Florida, has done -- is coming. There's more to come out of Jacksonville. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Sure. I'll be glad to run through that. With Dallas, it's currently 10:3, Raleigh the same thing, 10:3. We do actually have different numbers there for it, I'm not making that up. And then just circling back to Jacksonville, it has been -- it's been a little bit -- it's been low at 6, which is that slow job creation coming on, but picks up a ton next year. And it will be almost 12. 
Albert M. Campbell: It is, Dave. This is Al. I can answer that. And we still have our range of 3.5 to 4.5 for total expenses for the year. Now, as we mentioned in the press release, we'll probably end up at the low end of that. So some of the moderation that we saw in the second quarter will carry through. The large part of it, the moderation was expected. It just occurred a little faster and a little sharper than we have projected. So we still think we'll end at the low end of that expense range that we gave for the year. A big portion, as you mentioned, is real estate taxes, which we have and always set for the year, was between 4% and 5%. Midpoint of that 4.5% is what we still expect, and we think that's about right, given the information that we received for the -- so far this quarter. The pressure points are coming from the places we thought and it's about what we expected. And we'll have more for that -- on that in the third quarter, have more clarity, but we expect it to be in the low end of our guidance in total for expenses. 
Albert M. Campbell: I'll tell you what the forecast is built on and Tom can come in and give you some operating reasons of why that is, but the acceleration in the third quarter is because a lot of leasing activity comes in the third quarter, and that's when we get our pricing power. So we expect some movement there. And in the fourth quarter, I think it's the continued trend that we see this year. We'll have some moderation from seasonality projected, but in large element, the trend forward will continue and there's a comparison opportunity in the fourth quarter this year, compared with the prior year. That's a big part of the acceleration in the fourth quarter. And so that's been built in our forecast all year, I would say, and it's so far, performing about the line with expectations. 
Albert M. Campbell: And the number I threw out, Rich, just to clarify, the 2 to 3 is probably the bottom level of what we'll be selling from the midpoint of the portfolio, that's a good point. If the new assets that we'll buy will have the lowest, the best margins and, probably better, that gap will be wider than. 
Albert M. Campbell: Rich, remember our NOI yield expectation for our current pipeline is 7.5% to 8%. Compare that to 6.5% on acquisitions right now. So there's still a good spread there to capture in this part of the cycle and so -- and in our developments, what we're doing are ahead of plan. So that's all good news. 
Albert M. Campbell: Yes, I was just going to say, Tom mentioned it, it's all about timing of the lease-up and the lack of concessions and, as we ended the year, I think, we had $0.10 to $0.12 per share dilution from our pipeline, and probably going to be more like $0.04 to $0.06, or $0.04 to $0.07 this year. So it's a very good story. I think the yields that we'll achieve on this portfolio continue to be 7.5 per 8 but the IRR, once we're done with these things, would be better because we're avoiding largely dilutive prospects at the initial parts of these projects. 
Albert M. Campbell: It is, Mike. As we talked about before and as you've seen it on our balance sheet, we paid down our secured financing from agencies using a bit of our credit facility. And so, we expect one more transaction this year, probably in the range of $100 million to $150 million, likely private placement term loan, the best product in town and we'll have more on that in our upcoming releases. I think it's safe to say, right now, surprising on a 10-year basis, we may blend 7 and 10 years, so that will change somewhat. But safe to say, somewhere in the 4% to 4.5%, maybe 4% to 4.25% expectation for that over the -- probably be funded -- begin funding late third quarter and likely be staged somewhat 50-50 in 50. You know, my 50 a month for a few months late in the year, Mike. So that should help you model out and get you pretty close to where we are. 
Albert M. Campbell: We do have 2 other properties that are for sale right now. They're in the contract phase and expecting to close late third, early fourth quarter kind of range, Paula. 
Albert M. Campbell: One of them is in the balance sheet as available for sale, the other one is not because it has yet to hit the bright -- or didn't, at the end of the quarter, the bright line for that test. But, yes. One is in there, you'll see it in the balance sheet. 
Albert M. Campbell: We have on the whole portfolio this year, we expect about 6.7% x of cap rate. That's on in place cash flow after 4% management fee and 350 CapEx on the disposition. And so we're -- so that's -- and we talked about on our buying has historically been 5.5% to 6% range. So that hopefully gives you somewhat the spread. 
Albert M. Campbell: No, we don't, Paula. We're out a bit from University of Texas, we certainly love the jobs that it throws off but we are not heavily exposed to the UT students. 
Albert M. Campbell: That's a good question. What we feel like we're in a very good position to continue our discussions with those -- with S&P and we believe that by late this year, we're hopefully in a very good position to achieve our goals of getting ratings from all 3. And once we do that, it will have an impact on our borrowings because I think we'll be in a position to access the full public bond market. And so, I mean, I know you've probably seen some of the transactions that have happened over the last few months, but it's been very aggressive. Some people rated at this Baa2 level, have gotten very attractive 10-year financing costs. So I'm talking in the 3.4%, 3.5% range for 10 years. So certainly, that's a very favorable future for us and we hope that we can achieve that level and get some of that type of financing next year. 
H. Bolton: David, it really just starts with the process of identifying those assets that have the lowest after-CapEx cash flow margin, and we have no real intent making any sort of -- to make any sort of strategic shift out of a given region or given market. It really is just looking at those investments that are producing after-CapEx cash flow that are below the margins, that we feel like we can get elsewhere. And now what that means, as you might imagine, after-CapEx cash flow, it often translates into lower or older properties, and also it translates into properties that have lower rent structure. And as a consequence of that, you're going to see, obviously, then us, likely moving more and more out of some of the older properties. And some of the older properties, a lot of which came with the merger that we did with Flournoy Company back in 1997, also happened to be in some sort of beyond Secondary, almost really -- you would define almost as Tertiary Markets. And so that's -- and that's where you're going to see most of the capital cycled out of our other older assets and in some of the real Secondary Markets. We, again, are remaining very committed to the Secondary Market segment of our portfolio, and -- but you're going to see a cycling capital pie, a little bit more actively, in that component of the portfolio. 
H. Bolton: I think it's a couple of percent. That's what I would say, and probably 2%, and maybe 3% at the very bottom. But that's probably a good indication of it, Rob. 
H. Bolton: Yes, Rob. I think that's really just a compounding of the new rent growth. We will see some seasonal moderation in the fourth quarter on pricing, but what we've built in on our pricing will matter more than those few leases, that rent at a lower number in the fourth quarter, and we've got some good occupancy comparisons in the fourth quarter as well. 
H. Bolton: Well there's certainly a lot of volume in the market right now. We're underwriting a whole lot of deals, more than I can remember us ever looking at. And so it's very active. I do think that there is some motivation by a lot of capital to take advantage of what is obviously a very attractive financing environment, a very attractive operating environment and probably one of the more favorable tax windows that we'll have for some time. And so all those factors are, I think, are suggesting that anybody that's got any intent on moving out of investment, they're looking to do that between now and year end. I think that occasionally, we'll run into folks that are looking for some sort of tax-free exchange, but honestly, not very often. I think more often than not, we'll see that with some of the portfolio transactions that I occasionally come across. But on most of these one-off transactions that we're doing, it's really more just cash acquisitions. 
H. Bolton: Not -- well -- Kansas City is a market that we've been looking at some deals in. We're -- but other than that, no. I mean, we continue to like the region and broadly the footprint that we're in. 
H. Bolton: My thought is this: We did not want to be developer. We do, however, want to find opportunities to deploy capital in new assets on an attractive basis. And we think that the way to accomplish that is to essentially outsource our development operation, by essentially hiring developers that come to us with opportunity. We negotiate a contract. They essentially take the development risk, because these are contracts with fixed price. We take the lease up and then that's really it. And we're also mindful of how much of that we want to take on the balance sheet at any point in time. But we just don't think that being a big developer, and take on the overhead associated with that, is the right thing for us to do. 
H. Bolton: Yes, during the last recovery cycle, 7:1. During this particular year, it's 14:1. So it's double, if you will. But it's really a function of 2 things. One, it's a function of the propensity for renters to stay in a rental market but, fundamentally, it's because there hasn't been any supply delivered into the market for the last couple of years. 
H. Bolton: What I'm trying to say is that, I think in order to have a healthy leasing environment, one has to obviously look at the amount of new supply coming into the market and whether you should be alarmed or not about that level of new supply coming into a market, depends upon whether or not there's going to be enough job growth, to handle and absorb that supply. And while, I think, there's a lot of hand wringing that's starting to take place about permitting activity being up as much as it has grown over the last couple of years, obviously, from very depressed levels, I don't think it's something to be overly concerned about. I think we're going to go from an environment where we've seeing, if you will, just unbelievably good fundamentals to probably, as a result of supply coming into the market, to an environment where it's going from unbelievably good to just really good. And I think that's what we're trending. 
H. Bolton: Well, again, our objective is to be the best full-cycle performer that we can be. And I think that while we have defensive characteristics, if you will, I think that we also have the capability to be very competitive in this phase of the cycle also. And our objective is to be in a position to deliver very competitive performance within the growth cycle, if you will, and to retain, though, the downside protection as much as we can. I think that our story should have appeal for, to some degree, it depends on your investment horizon. Our thought process is built on the basis that we think to deliver the -- our shareholder performance horizon that we're aiming for is really designed to match or align the horizon that we use for deploying capital. When we buy properties, those properties are assumed to be owned 7 to 10 years. That's the kind of horizon that we have to think about in terms of delivering performance for shareholders as well, because that's how we deploy capital. And of course, over that kind of horizon, you have up parts and you have down parts. And what I can tell you is that, over that kind of a horizon, and if you look at over the last 7 to 10 years, when you look at our total shareholder return and what it's been compared to others, what's important to recognize is that roughly about 2/3 of that performance for our shareholders has been the dividend that we've paid. And we think, ultimately, that's what the REIT platform is all about. It's all about trying to deliver total shareholder return over a long period of time, a lot of that return being composed of the dividend. And so, our objective is to take some of the cyclicality out of equation. Take some of the cyclicality out of the performance in an effort to support the ability to fund a steady growing dividend, sort of, no matter what. Through good times and bad times. And so I think you have to be willing to bring a little bit of downside protection into your story and onto your balance sheet and how you deploy capital. You have to have that component in there to achieve that kind of long-term performance. And in return, what you have to be willing to do is give up, perhaps, a little bit of the froth at the very top end of the market. And we think that's okay. We're comfortable with that kind of a profile. 
H. Bolton: On July, on occupancy was 96 and then new lease was for the second quarter was 4 2, renewals 6 2 and for July, 3 2 and 6 5. 
H. Bolton: Well I think, what we're finding is that the value add transactions that come to market, these are properties that we characterize as sort of 8 to 12 years old. The competition on those is really fierce because those are assets that are fairly easily financed and, in this environment, the private capital folks are able to get very attractive financing terms and, as a consequence, put some pretty big numbers on the table. And based on what deals we've seen, where pricing has traded, they've we've also made some fairly heroic assumptions regarding the ability to raise rents and capture a lot of value out of whatever repositioning plan they plan to execute on. So it's really, frankly, just a matter of very aggressive pricing in that particular transaction set that has caused us to not see a lot of opportunities there that makes sense for us. 
H. Bolton: No, I mean, we've taken a hard look at this for quite some time and continue to believe that the current allocation that we have, which we define at roughly about 60% large and 40% secondary. I mean, optimally, the range is for 60% to 65% large and 35% to 40% secondary. We think that creates the optimum sort of portfolio cash flow performance profile that we're after in terms of long-term growth without -- with some of the volatility taken out of it. And so, we're pretty comfortable with allocation we have now. And again, going back to my point in our prepared comments, when you look at where supply is starting to get teed up, it's as always, it's in some of the larger markets and, in many cases, it's in a lot of the more urban locations in some of these larger markets. And eventually, that's going to manifest itself into leasing conditions, in some of these larger markets, and as I quoted in my comments, the ratio of sort of job growth to permits in secondary markets are actually going to be -- at least based on what we're looking at, and what we're seeing right now, are going to get better and more in our favor, if you will, next year. So I think, trying to move a bunch of cap out of our secondary markets into large markets right now would be the absolute wrong thing to do. 
H. Bolton: I think that's where a lot of the opportunity in this recycling effort is going to be aimed at over the next couple of years. Again, it starts with a definition of where are we seeing opportunities to redeploy capital in higher after CapEx margin cash flows. And what that is normally translating into is some of the older assets. As a consequence of portfolio transactions, we went through back in 1997 with the Flournoy Company. It happens that a lot of the older assets are in some of these more tertiary type markets. And so, I think you'll see us over the next couple of years continue to cycle out of certain secondary markets and into, I would call it, perhaps secondary markets that are a little bit more well-known and our goal is that we think that, that process would yield higher after CapEx cash flow and likely we think, over time, that the public market probably puts a better multiple on that cash flow as a consequence of moving capital out of, let’s say, Macon, Georgia into Charleston. Or out of Macon, Georgia into Savannah. My guess is that over time, that kind of creates a better performance profile for the company and I think also garners a little bit more appreciation in terms of pricing them, and the company has a multiple of that cash flow. 
H. Bolton: I think that -- of course every market, and every situation, is a little bit unique. But, no, I mean, I think that our outlook for rent growth is not -- based on what we're looking at, we don't see it being particularly strong in suburbs versus particularly strong in the urban areas. I think that you're right, and that a lot of the supply it is picking up, to some degree, in some of these bigger markets. Today, it has been more in the urban core part of the city. And my guess is that you may see fundamentals flatten a little bit quicker there, as opposed to some of the suburban locations over the next year or so. But I think that the only thing that would -- it'd really be more of a supply question and -- but from what we see right now, we're still expecting to capture pretty strong rent growth out of many of our suburban locations over the balance of this year. 
H. Bolton: Not really. I think that the one transaction that we did in Austin was just a unique situation where our partner was looking to create a transaction for their capital and we sort of looked at that property. Obviously there's some supply that's trying to pick up in Austin and they just felt that, that was an opportunity to cycle out of that one. We took a hard look at the asset and given our horizon, and the way we thought about the market, we were able to offer them a price that made sense for us, made sense for them. So that's what we did. I think that, more often than not, honestly, you're going to see us, when we make a decision to sell an asset out of the JV, more often than not, it will just be taking the market as opposed to us buying the interest back. We're not actively selling anything else right now in any of our JVs. 
H. Bolton: What we'll be glad to do, I'm sorry, but if you're interested is off-line, just give us a call and we can give it to you by market. 
H. Bolton: The answer is no. We've not changed our underwriting approach at all. The methodology that we've used historically is absolutely being used again today. I think that, honestly, the 2 deals that we've acquired were just unique -- in Buckhead, were just unique situations where the properties have been in the contract previously before. Sellers involved had some very hard deadlines and some things that they had to get accomplished in a very short order, and we were able to move very quickly and definitively, and offer that sort of assurance. See these are brokers involved, that we've done a lot of business with, and they really went to bat for us. And so, I mean, really, we find in today's environment, that really, it's just very competitive both in more the urban areas as well as in the suburbs. And it really just comes down to looking for scenarios where our ability to move very quickly and definitively through the due diligence and close, has a lot of value. And ironically, we find, as you might imagine, we find that we get more value for that, if you will, as we get into this third and fourth quarters of the year. Often, we find a lot of transactions that are initially brought to market that we don't get -- we don't get under contract the first part of the year, they often come back around during the third and fourth quarter of the year. And that's when we're able to offer the seller our execution capability, that they put a lot of value on. But, no, quickly, we certainly add to -- we've not changed our underwriting approach at all. 
H. Bolton: Okay. Jonathan, appreciate it, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Just let us know if you have any other questions. Thanks. 
