Eric Bolton: Nick, this is Eric. We know that at this point in the cycle that the submarkets that largely define the Post portfolio, we're going to be under more stress. I think the – we also knew that we had some great opportunity to rework some operating practices and capture, we think, better performance than what was being delivered. But the pressure on the supply side, particularly in Dallas and Austin, has noticeably picked up in the last 90 days or so. And that has created some of the pressures that we're talking about here as it relates to outlook for the rest of this year. But the fact is that we did this merger with a goal of further enhancing our full cycle strategy. We knew that at this point in the cycle, the Post locations would be under more pressure. But that at later parts on the cycle, those locations really service very well and likely would exceed the performance expectations that we get out of the legacy MAA locations. So ultimately, we continue to feel very positive about the full cycle. Enhancement that comes from putting the portfolio in with the MAA portfolio, none of that has changed as a consequence of anything that we've seen. And so we've explained in the past, the redevelopment opportunity is frankly bigger than we thought it was going to be. And so we've remained very excited, and I will tell you, very confident in the $650 million value-creation opportunity that we've previously laid out that comes from this merger.
Eric Bolton: And also, I would tell you that, I mean, what we see is even with some of these more competitive submarkets of the Post locations with new supply, even with the effective pricing that these new communities are trying to offer to get leased up. We’re still able to undercut their pricing through this redevelopment effort and still create a very creative use of capital. So while, certainly, I understand the point that the new lease pricing is under more pressure in some of these submarket locations, the redevelopment opportunity is so significant that it is not really creating a meaningful headwind to that effort.
Eric Bolton: Yes. And Nashville is a market that got a fair amount of supply this year. We think it starts to – I mean, if you look at the early projections for next year, the supply levels moderate in Nashville a good debt, and we think Nashville probably has an easier go of it next year versus this year.
Eric Bolton: No, nothing. We’re far enough for long, frankly, in what we already have underway at this point that any material change in our forecast is highly unlikely. I mean, all those contracts are very well set and not really subject or at risk of any sort of cost escalations. And so everything that we’ve got underway right now, we don’t have any concerns about delivering the stabilized yields that we’ve long believed we’re going to be there.
Eric Bolton: Drew, I would – this is Eric. I would tell you, yes, I absolutely believe that, as we get later into this cycle in markets like Dallas, particularly in a submarket like uptown where you've got quite a bit of supply coming online, I think with the likelihood of some – of these rising rates, I think developers are getting most anxious to go ahead and get leased up and get things stabilized, prove out their rent as best they can. And it's the one thing that gives me some belief that there may be more compelling buying opportunities as we get into next year because I think that a lot of these guys are rushing for the door in terms of getting the property stabilized. They much rather come to market and sell it well into the lease-up where they've got a track record they can point to in terms of rents and leasing velocity. The concession is notwithstanding. They really look at just the stated rents and use that as a basis to try to capture really robust pricing on the sale of the asset. And so I think there is increasing pressure on the developers to get leased up, and I think that's what's leading to some of the more active concession practices that Tom has alluded to.
Eric Bolton: So the land that we do own, there is – you're right, there is some of it that we do believe we will want to move on, and we're particularly looking at sites in Dallas and then Raleigh currently. But as I alluded to in my opening comments based on where we are seeing the current environment cost coming out at, we are – we have not yet actually pull the trigger to start in these projects. We also have a site in Denver that we're excited to get underway at some point. My guess is these things will start to make more sense next year, and we will likely, I would hope, be underway with some of this next year. As far as merchant builder, yield on cost, I don’t know exactly what you’re looking to do, my guess is they’re not probably, I mean, looking for yields sort of materially different than what we would look to achieve the differences that they’re going to use a lot more leverage in order to sort of finance their investment, buildup and construction and so forth. And there’s a consequence to that, come in with a pretty competitive blended cost to capital. But from our perspective, as we look at underwriting and look at the cost and the current leasing environment, we just – we’ve elected to hold off on starting anything new just yet. I think, like I said, it make more sense next year.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think, I mean, what happened is that the supply trends, I think, have been gradually picking up. I think that, as we talked about earlier, I think as we get later in the cycle, these lease-up projects and the merchant builders who brought them online gets a little bit more aggressive in what they’re prepared to do in terms of pricing to achieve move-ins sooner. And as a consequence to that, I think we just happen to be at an inflection point in this third quarter where those trends really became pretty much more significant than what we’ve seen earlier in the year. I think this will dissipate over the next 2 or 3 quarters as these projects get leased up. As I alluded to, the permitting is clearly expected to come down. And I think the sort of relationship between demand and supply starts to work more favorably in our direction over the back half of next year. We’ve had consistently steady strong demand as you point out as a consequence to good job growth in these markets that we’re in. It’s just that the supply side of the equation has created this moderation, and developer pricing tactics have become a little more aggressive at this point in the cycle. And so we're just at that point in the process or in the cycle where it's kind of the tough point, and we see it sort of troughing over the next couple of quarters and then starting a climb back. And I've always believed very much in the merits of deploying capital in a way where the demand is likely to be there and be the strongest over a full cycle. We know we're going to deal with supply pressures from time to time, and that there'll be points in the process where there's – the pressure gets pretty intense and you just kind of put your head down and grind through it, and that's kind of where we are right now. But I think that we have a lot of confidence in the markets that we're in long term because of what you're alluding to, because we know demand is likely to be there better than what we see in a lot of other markets across the country.
Eric Bolton: Buck, this is Eric. Absolutely not. We have not had any internal hiccup or however you want to define it at all. And we – the surprise frankly – and we have a lot of concentration of assets in Dallas in that uptown area. And that, in particular, is where we saw some pretty aggressive pricing practices really kick in. As we said at the end of July, we were matching prior year occupancy. Our blended rent growth across both portfolios was moving in a positive direction. And for the quarter, we candidly had a very difficult prior year occupancy comparison to deal with, particularly on the Post side of all things. They really rent up the occupancy in Q3 last year. Now it materially fell off right after that, particularly as you get towards the end of the year and into next year. But they had a very full portfolio third quarter of last year, so we had a difficult comp. I mean what's interesting to look at when you just look at sort of where we came in, our revenues relative to our expectation, the vast majority of the miss, if you want to think about it that way, was occupancy. And so 27 basis points difference in terms of this year's occupancy, effective daily occupancy versus last year's effective daily It was really strong this year, but it was really, really strong last year. So 27 basis points off, and that's what really – we thought we could get there, but we – as we start heading into the winter, we thought we better back off a little bit on some of these pricing practices and try to get that occupancy protected as best as we can as we head into the winter months. And as we start to look at sort of what's happening in the market, we thought, I think it's going to be a slugfest to some of these submarkets for the next, call it, two quarters. And then you get on top of that kind of normal seasonal activity. And when you put all of that together, it suggest to us that we ought to sort of adjust as we have.
Eric Bolton: We haven't really seen any pressure there, Buck. And may the outlook next year is better than this year in that segment of portfolio. I mean, these – I knew sooner or later these secondary markets would outperform the large markets. And finally, we're here. And it's been that way now, last quarter and this quarter, and probably that way for the next couple of quarters. So they're doing exactly what they're supposed to do for us, and we're not seeing anything change in terms of pressure in those markets. I think they're holding up quite well.
Eric Bolton: Yes, I'll start and then I'll let Al. Because new lease pricing have been steadily climbing for seven months straight and there had never been a decline until we got to August. And so it was moving at a very steady pace up. And in Dallas, in particular, and somewhat in Austin, we saw pricing practices and the market get considerably more aggressive as we start to get towards the end of leasing season and efforts are made to get stabilized. The four things really slow down when you get into the holiday season. Based on what we saw happening, it suggested to us that we should moderate our thinking a little bit. But until we got to August, new lease pricing across both portfolios was steadily improving and steadily moving up. And we – July was the best month we'd had. So that's sort of what feels it a little bit. And Al...
Eric Bolton: Yes, I think where you can get surprise, frankly, Nick, is when you see practices get noticeably more aggressive and given submarkets or markets. And if you happen to have as we do, a fair amount of concentration in a given market or two, it can create a era of conservatism or skepticism about what the future is going to look like versus what you were thinking before. I mean, we think, we're going to – as I've said, I mean, we think we're going to do great on renewal pricing as we have been, as Tom alluded to. I mean, our January renewal notices went out at 7%. We think that the occupancy comparisons start to get a little bit easier, but the new lease pricing got noticeably weaker in July and September. And as a consequence of some pretty aggressive actions that we stalk coming into the market, and we happen to have a lot in Dallas and Austin, as you know. And so that's really the story. There was nothing more to it than that. And the occupancy as it relates to Q3, the occupancy being off last year by 27 basis points was the vast majority of, if you will, the miss in terms of revenue expectations. Of course, we also have some pressure on expenses from the hurricane, the both hurricanes. Now as we start to look forward, we think these practices in Dallas and Austin will be there for a while. So we're going to dilute it into our expectations. We think the expenses get better. We will – we're past hurricane season now, so we'll be back to where we have been running. And that's what caused us to pull our same-store guidance for operating expenses down from what we have before, and it's where we came out.
Eric Bolton: When you look at Atlanta next year, I mean, the projections that we have today, which will certainly be updating as we approach forecasting for 2018. But the ratio of job growth in that market to supply deliveries is around 7:1. That's a pretty healthy dynamic. And so we think Atlanta will continue to outperform Dallas next year.
Eric Bolton: One of the challenges with that occupancy variable and forecasting it is that it has a very meaningful impact on a quarter, particularly when you’re talking about 100,000 apartments. A 50 basis point swing or 20 basis point swing on that many units in terms of average data occupancy equates out to a meaningful number. So I think that really rationalizes why we have the range that we do. And it also is the factors that would cause us to be at the upper end or lower end of that range. So a difference on occupancy, no question about it.
Eric Bolton: I don’t know, Dennis. I think that – I mean, capital investment capital likes multifamily. I mean, there’s a lot to like there long term, and there’s a lot of good things – as you well know, a lot of good things on the demographics and lifestyle and all those other kind of factors that suggest that multifamily real estate is going to be good. And if you have any kind of multiyear horizon to how you’re willing to think about deploying capital into that kind of demand dynamic, I think people – compared to alternatives in the commercial real estate spectrum, it stacks up pretty darn well. And so I think that’s ultimately what is causing, I think, despite some moderation and leasing fundamentals. Compared to alternatives, multifamily still looks pretty darn good.
Eric Bolton: No additional comments from us. And we hope to see everyone, November 13th, at our Investor Day in Dallas. And everyone, take care. Thank you.
Tom Grimes: Yes, I would just say, Nick, in October, as Al mentioned, we're below 7% on exposure. And on the post assets, the blended new lease pricings about 40 basis points higher than October of last year. And that's – if that holds through the quarter, that will be the first time we've seen that all in the third quarter. We're encouraged by that.
Tom Grimes: Yes. So I mean, we’re active in just about every Post market, except for Raleigh, which is brand new. And what we do with that, Austin, I mean, we’re continuing to test renovated units next to non-renovated units, and – so that you’re making sure that you’re getting that price increase. Our redeveloped or renovated units are leasing about four days faster than our non-redeveloped on those opportunities. And frankly, we believe, long-term, it will work. For some reason, that particular redevelopment doesn’t work. We just stop it, and we wait for the next opportunity. But frankly, we’ve been accelerating at this point and feel pretty good on the returns.
Tom Grimes: Yes. I think, we need to monitor Dallas closely and I think that is a risk. We saw sort of a concession environment in Dallas, I mean, pick up in the latter part of the quarter and we think there’s pressure there.
Tom Grimes: Yes. No, it ranges by submarkets. So we’re seeing one to six weeks free. We’re seeing in the market and like Frisco and McKinney and other parts of North Dallas, uptown, as Eric touched on a little more aggressive. We’ve got several comps that are doing two months free, but normal is about one to two months free in uptown.
Tom Grimes: I would tell you that the storm benefits Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville, not to the degree that Orlando – that Harvey did in Houston. The other thing that goes on is Orlando, particularly gets a ton of immigration from Puerto Rico, and that is a – that’s a market that may well get tighter as a result of, frankly, the tough times that they’re having down there.
Tom Grimes: Yes. I mean, Tampa, it really is a split between the Post assets and the MAA assets. But October for Post is now 95% non-average daily. In October, blended rent increases 2.8% there. And then legacy MAA is was 96.2%, but frankly, they were just facing a tougher comp with higher occupancy in prior quarter and last year at 96.5%.
Tom Grimes: Yes. I mean, Harvey was a significant benefit there. We jumped from 62% to 80% – or 64% to 84% in just a few weeks, honestly, Drew, in that helped us a lot there on the lease-up.
Tom Grimes: Austin, I can't speak to developers' motivation. I'd tell you, Austin, is the other market where we're seeing, on average, probably one month. And then in a few pockets, in certain some markets, it might jump to two. But on average, it's one. And I think that has to do with the amount of supply in the market, and folks are very interested in getting their products stabilized.
Tom Grimes: It was most pronounced in Dallas and Austin. That is – that was the heavy concessions coming into play in those markets, nothing dramatically out of the ordinary and the other ones.
Tom Grimes: Sure. I’ll take, certainly, the first part of it. The major driver on the operating expense is a combination of personnel and R&M cost. And we sort of blend those together as a total maintenance cost. And the post communities, we’re running close to 40% higher than the MAA communities on a per unit basis. And really that was the combination of our scale, which is we were able to reduce their contract purchasing cost by 10%. We were able to cut some of their vendor cost like a contract painting about 50%. And during the year, what we’ve been able to do is reduce that by about half, but we feel like Post is still about 20% higher than MAA. And it’s just more of that sort of maturing at the platforms that will have another about 20% to go on that side of things.
Tom Grimes: It’s primarily occupancy related on volume. And we think is that, that picks up, we will pick up there as well.
Tom Grimes: And Buck, where we think about an improvement in terms of deliveries for '18, it's actually in large markets. Atlanta drops from 8,600 to 6,500, Charlotte goes down from 5,100 to 3,300, Houston gets a ton better and Orlando actually improves modestly as does Tampa. So those were – that's really where we think of it, it's improving in those markets.
Tom Grimes: I mean, I think, next year, we're encouraged about continued strong growth and job growth and a falloff in – a falloff there and – excuse me, continued strong growth and a falloff on job growth and a falloff on deliveries compounded with just steady improvement on the Post side. I think those things will work in our.
Tom Grimes: I think the markets that we're worried about, primarily Dallas and Austin, will continue to be under pressure in the fourth quarter. We think job growth will continue to be good, and we'll just sort of grind it out next year. One encouraging, it – really a same-store level, is from September to October, Post blended rates moved up from one point to – Post blended rates moved up 40 basis points.
Tom Grimes: We’re – we intentionally bring lease expirations down, and they range from 5% to 6% a month. So that would be –
Al Campbell: Yes. I mean, we've looked at a couple of ways, Nick – I'm sorry about that, Austin. And I think, the main point we make is whichever way you look at, there's a lot of noise in the quarter and the updated guidance for the year includes that. But whether you look at, including the non-cash benefit from option as well as the storm costs, you have a beat of about $0.02. And whether you exclude the strip out both of those items, you have a beat of about $0.02. So that's kind of how we thought about that, and we can work that through. The way I would think about the fourth quarter or the full year update for the guidance is, we had a third quarter beat of $0.06. We have allowed about $0.035 of favorability, and third quarter came from an option. We've allowed for about $0.02 of that to turn around, as we do expect to continue volatility in that as interest rates rise probably. And then we've adjusted our guidance, as you said, from same-store to some of the other items in our forecast. And all of that together combines another $0.02. So $0.06 minus those – that $0.04 is a $0.04 beat – I mean, excuse me, $0.02 beat. But how are we going to look it up, I think it will shake out to be about $0.02 beat.
Al Campbell: What I would tell you is, I mean, the uptown submarket is clearly where the most pressure is occurring for our portfolio that we’re seeing a little bit in North Dallas, but the uptown market in particular. What gives us – what I think happens in Dallas is, I think, it probably is under more pressure over the first two quarters of next year and probably gets a little bit easier over the last two quarters of next year. We think that renewal pricing will continue to hold strong. We’ll continue to capture very – pretty strong occupancy. The problem will run in – or the challenge is that the prior year comps are tougher in the first half of the year and they get a little bit easy in the back half of the year. So I think that, on balance, if I look at Dallas as a whole for the year, I have a hard time getting to a negative result. But I think you may see more pressure in the first half of the year versus the back half of the year. The question for Dallas is, if that job growth holds as well as it is in 2018 – early look at 2018 is pretty darn strong, frankly, a little bit better than 2017, Dallas will be okay.
Al Campbell: I'm having trouble getting that out to today, Gaurav. New lease, negative 0.3%; renewal, positive 5.7%; blended, 2.6%. Sorry to reiterate on you our rate report.
Al Campbell: Yes. I mean, it clearly can, I think. I mean, you’re talking roughly 30,000 apartments out of 100,000 apartments that we think have significant rent growth opportunities associated with it. It’s not a – it doesn’t happen in 1 quarter, even in 1 year. I mean, that’s a 2- or 3-year endeavor. So it’s a gradual sort of impact. But certainly, I think the impact, once complete, is pretty meaningful.
Al Campbell: That’s a just the Post portfolio. For the combined portfolio, It’s more like a $170 million. I think Tom mentioned that.
Al Campbell: Just saying, we’ve done that program – done this program successfully for many years, and it does contribute somewhere 25 to 40 basis points of revenue over time – each annually as we do – if we do this program every year at the same pace. And of course, we think we’ll ramp this program up with Post over the next few years given the opportunities.
Al Campbell: Just add that at all together, as you begin to look at next year, we’re certainly not giving guidance at this point. But just thinking about next year is, you have the opportunity from the Post continue capture, as Tom mentioned. We have general control on all the other expenses for the business. And then if you think about real estate taxes, it’s 1/3 of that line item, it’s been our biggest pressure over the last few years, and it should begin moderating some. I mean, it will take several years for it to get back down to normal long-term run rate levels. But given the performance in Dallas and Austin and some of the Texas markets, and Texas being the biggest piece of that, we would expect some moderation to begin next year, helping us feel good about expenses for the full year next year.
Al Campbell: And part of it in third quarter, it was also reimbursements, which is utilities expenses, and utilities expenses was lower in the third quarter than it has been. And so the reimbursement for that a little lower as well. And so over time, that will change as well.
Al Campbell: I'll just give you what was in there, and exactly – Eric's point was exactly what occurred. And so if you remember talking about it, Nick, we said what we were seeing was very good in July. We're seeing blended pricing of 3%. So we felt like that, that the trends are great. We carry that through the year. Say we'll get blended pricing of 3% a little better for the year, we'll get occupancy on top of the prior year levels. And so though occupancy in the third quarter was very good. And 96.1%, it was a very tough comp to the prior year. And that was the biggest piece and then reach the 96.3%. And so blended pricing we dig, it was 2.6%. It's good pricing, but didn't reach the – we saw the falloff. And on August and September in primary locations that Tom and Eric talked about. So that's what occurred. It caused us to look at fourth quarter and then roll that through the fourth quarter, put a little bit more seasonality and normal trends in our forecast now. Having said that, we still believe, as we talked about, in the positive attributes to come. And revenue, the next several quarters from the Post in the premise we're doing practices, that is still to come. It's just taking a little bit more time in terms of laying out in the future than what we have before.
Al Campbell: Certainly rolled into fourth quarter, a change. As we talk about, we took our – you just saw the guidance come down and we moderate to more seasonal norms. And so as we have to look – we haven't – we have to look at '18 and consider that. We'll certainly enter 2018 with expectations to continue capturing on the Post side of the business as well as the normal seasonality in the supply trends.
Al Campbell: I think that’s exactly right, Tayo. Let me just give you how exactly. So we had $0.06 performance in third quarter that carry, let’s push that forward and coming out of that to the $0.02 revision is preferred. We’ve taken $0.02 that that’s going to turn around. I don’t know what’s going to happen, but certainly going to be volatile. Interest rates go up is likely to come back. And then combined same-store vision plus all the other things going on, do take another $0.02 per share. Adding the $0.04, so it gets down to two impact for the full year. And so you are on point exactly what’s happening.
Al Campbell: Biggest – I think the biggest thing would be occupancy performance off, that’s – let me – if you think about it, you only have 1 quarter to go. I mean, rental pricing takes more time to really build in. So it would be occupancy and then all the things going on with expenses and other. We feel good about where occupancy is today. We feel like that the exposure is low, as Tom mentioned. So we – our forecast is built on that expectation. It feels like pretty solid, but it can’t change and so we left room for that in 2% to 2.5% in the revenues because things can change. But...
