Robert Stevenson: Good morning guys. Tom, can you talk a little bit around the same store revenue guidance in terms of what markets are likely to be materially above the sort of range and then what markets other than Houston expected to be sort of below the sort of low end of the range, and where you have some concerns even if it’s not going to be Houston level concerns, but where you’re continuing to see weakening results for 2017.
Robert Stevenson: For the full year how material is the difference if you were providing guidance for just the Mid-America portfolio and then for the Post portfolio.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. And then just lastly, how much of the $0.15 or so from a noncore perspective is sort of frontend loaded or is that sort of ratably throughout the year sort of $3.5, $4.0 a quarter.
Thomas Grimes: I’ll start with sort of the strongest of the bunch, and frankly, it lines up pretty well with what 2016 results were, but I would expect things out of Atlanta, Orlando, Phoenix, Raleigh, Tampa, Jacksonville, Charleston and Memphis. If I can’t not mention Memphis, Houston as a slower one and remind that it’s just 3.5% of the portfolio. And then on the slower but frankly we like some of the fundamentals out of it are DC and Savannah. I think both of those have the - those will start a little slower, but I think they both have attributes that give us optimism towards the back half of the year.
Thomas Grimes: That is relatively I would say hard to predict. Of course, Rob I think the supply side of the equation is relatively clear and their demand stays on as expected. I would tell you that will roll out about as we would expect if we have some sort of shock to the system in some way like we did with the oil shock in Houston that would change volatility. I’m just not very good at seeing those shocks coming around. But right now, we would expect them to be in those ranges.
Thomas Grimes: And Nick, this is Tom, one point to add is that the Post portfolio represents about 25% to 30% of our total Same Store portfolio, so that can help you do the balancing that.
Thomas Grimes: John, it’s Tom, I think, you will see a little bit of supply growth in Austin, Nashville, and Atlanta that that tends to be more in the urban core area, we are not exposed to that in Nashville, we will see a little exposure to that in Atlanta, and light exposure to that in Austin. You are talking probably about 1,000 to 2,000 unit bump in the each of those markets.
Thomas Grimes: That’s a quarter-over-quarter comparison over prior year. So in other words it’s relative to same time last year. So it take seasonality out of it, so that’s an absolute drop.
Thomas Grimes: I think the myriad - there is a myriad of reasons out there, and it was touched on in the journal this morning with the new home buying stats, the homeownership rate dropping again, I just think it is people pushing back major life decisions, they are buying homes, they’re getting myriad later, they’re buying homes later, and they’re investing in their pets. And so they tend to want to rent longer and value that flexibility.
Thomas Grimes: It really determines - depends on the market and if we feel like there is an opportunity to grow the top line reinvesting, and we’ve done that in some places and others we’ve never revisited again. So I mean, it’s truly asset by asset or market, sub-market by sub-market.
Thomas Grimes: And Tayo, this is Tom. I’d say about, $20 million to $25 million for everything, including the cost of debt and NOI and overhead.
Thomas Grimes: Hi, and Dallas is one that I probably should have mentioned as far as having supply come on board. We’re in net effect of rent shop, so the numbers that we have been giving you on our rents have been inclusive of concessions. So I mean you’re seeing some people use them from time to time, half month or a month, something like that. But it is - we’ve had relatively good results in Dallas thus far. But I think that’s one that has - we’ll be facing some supply headwind in 2017.
Thomas Grimes: And, Jordan, where I would say the opportunity on the revenue side, on the Post is a sort of pricing practices, pricing management. We feel like there’s upside opportunity there despite the market and we believe the redevelopment is a real material opportunity. Those are fundamental and those are long-term, and we’re excited about those opportunities.
Eric Bolton: The only project that I think you may see is start in 2017 is a phase 2 opportunity we’re currently looking at associated with the acquisition we made in the fourth quarter in the Charleston market, 1201 Midtown is the name of the property. We have an adjacent parcel of land there they were currently looking at, other than that I don’t envision of starting anything new in 2017. Currently the combined development pipeline now represents roughly 3% to 4% of our enterprise value. I think that will probably scale down a little bit over the coming year to two years as we bring some product online, and we’re going to be active in the market looking for opportunity you may see us acquire land site or too, but I would not see a starting anything this year and probably we would be back half of 2018 before you would see us likely start something.
Eric Bolton: To be determined, I would tell you, Nick, we’re pretty excited about the properties that are there. We’ve been up there visiting with the teams and getting familiar with the properties or great assets, great locations as you know that DC market is starting to show some signs of recovery, and for the foreseeable future we are enthused to be there and believe it will be a nice complement to our portfolio and don’t have any plans to make any changes.
Eric Bolton: John, this is Eric, I will tell you that I think based on just again, I’ve had a lot of conversations with developers over the last several months. And it’s a consistent message that financing is very difficult, right now. And I mean equity capitals available but the financing is difficult, and on that basis it’s hard for me to see supply trends in 2018 being certainly any worse than what they are in 2017. And I would suggest that based on everything that we see right now, we likely we will see supply - I believe in our markets peak this year, and portfolio wide see a little moderation take place in 2018.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think that there has been a lot more information available and widely sort of put out there suggesting the supply trends and picked up quite a bit, particularly in the high-end of the market, and in some of the more urban locations. And as a consequence of that I think the financing environment has just become a little bit more cautious about funding and financing apartment construction at the moment. And as a consequence of that again, I wasn’t actually in attendance, but I talked a lot of people coming out of the national housing conference last week. And that was absolutely consistent message that financing is very difficult to come by right now. And we put on top of that the rise in land costs, construction costs, construction labor and particulars become increasingly challenging. It just hard to see at this point, how supply trends begin to elevate in any way from where they are today. And in fact I would - as I said a moment ago I believe they will like to say fewer deliveries in 2018 versus what we are seeing in 2017.
Eric Bolton: Well, generally, I’ll tell you Tom, we look to get a little bit better yield, higher yield on the development side, equation given the fact that we are taking on more risk and we also are tying up capital in a non-productive fashion longer. As a consequence of doing a development versus an acquisition. So call it 100 basis points spread or something of that nature, maybe a little north of that is what we tend to often - or tend to look for. And given where we are right now, we are having a hard time making the numbers work on the development side given the reasons I spoke of a moment ago regarding land costs and construction costs generally particularly construction labor. So we are just - we are not finding - and underwriting as realistically as we can. We really feel that it’s tough to pencil out development right now. And on the acquisition side there has been likewise hard to make the numbers work, and hard to buy anything other than again the characteristics that I spoke up, which is really everything we’ve bought for last two or three years is some sort of recently developed or development by a regional developer that really doesn’t have the balance sheet or the wherewithal to sort of carry the deal for very long-time, or has impatient equity partner involved in the development that anxious to sort of monetize their investment, and I think that has supply trends continue to sort of come online this year, or new products come online this year. I continue to be helpful, we’ll find more that opportunity, and give us the chance to buy at a price point that is frankly pretty down close to replacement value, and without the construction risk associated with it. That’s sort of how we think about it right now, and it continue to sort of stick to that level of discipline.
Eric Bolton: Tom, I think, I mean, I pick up on a little bit with triage. I mean, it’s not an emergency situation there in great locations, and they are well maintained. We are really sort of thrilled with the opportunity. And you start with a little bit older assets, but the locations in places like Atlanta and Dallas are phenomenal, and there is a great core of opportunity in those two markets. And then followed probably by the Tampa assets, and their locations and opportunities. And there is good bit of upside in Charlotte, and DC as well, which I think a pretty much rattled off everything that there is short of Orlando and Raleigh, which Orlando has some opportunity as well, though smaller because the assets are newer. It is really just a get in - get us many test units and as we can do in those various markets, hone the scope and then move forward. I will tell you it is likely that the opportunity to redevelop on a per unit basis and the Post assets is going to be a little higher than the average 4,500 and we think we’ll get - we will get a larger rent bump for that, because of the locations, we can do more upgrades like in granite and countertops and get a return for them. So we are excited not just in the volume, but in the sort of the bump in the quality, the bump that will get from the Post redevelopment opportunities.
Eric Bolton: I would think that three to five years or better. We are very disciplined about the volume that we put through the pipe, not from a scalability production, but we think it’s vital to test the units side by side with non-renovated units. So that we can look you guys in the eyes and be confident that we’ve gotten the return and we tested it against a unit that is not renovated and that return if real. So for that reason it takes a little bit of time, but we rather go steadily and know that we’re getting the return then get out there. The other thing is that Rich is that we do these as apartments come. We don’t force turnover to occur, and I think that protects the economic side, but we did over 6000 years this year. I mean, we’ve looked at may get to 7000 units or something like that. So you can do the math, as Tom said, it’s probably a three or four-year endeavor.
Eric Bolton: Well, we’re a big believer in the Sun Belt in the interior locations for several reasons. First and foremost it starts with really how do we want to - what sort of earnings profile are we trying to create over a full cycle. What sort of earnings profile we’re trying to create over call it a 5 to 7, 8, 19 year horizon, and we think that ultimately, we can optimize that performance - that earnings performance over that horizon by first and foremost focusing our capital in markets where we think the demand is more likely than not to stay stable and or strong, and this region of the country arguably over that kind of a horizon is going to produce some of the best and least volatile job growth over that period of time. So we like the demand side dynamics in that regional country and choose to allocate our capital within that way. Having said that we understand that these markets like all markets like coastal markets can have supply pressure from time to time, and what we tend to do is just really balance our capital, diversify our capital across this region and in order to try to mitigate some of that pressure. Whether it is both A and B pricing asset or A quality, B quality price assets, as well as suburban and urban locations and that’s what the part of the Post rational for us was the fact that it allows us to further diversify our footprint and further diversify our product and capital across what we see as a very dynamic growth region.
Eric Bolton: We like staying where we are Rich, and I’ll tell you the other attribute or the other factor that I really think a lot about is where can we take our shareholder capital and create a competitive advantage for it in what is a very, very competitive industry. And we think that a lot of these markets that we choose to compete in offer dynamics and competition frankly, that we can create a superior level of performance out of those markets and out of that create value. Going to a lot of these more institutionally owned markets with pretty sophisticated capital and pretty sophisticated operators, the opportunity to really carve out a differentiation and carve out a competitive advantage I think becomes much more challenging. And ultimately, the value proposition is built around creating competitive advantage, holding on to that and then exploiting that. And we think that the region we’re in allows that.
Eric Bolton: What I would tell you, Drew, is really what we’re focused on increasingly is just focusing our capital on the best growth market opportunities or best growth markets that we see across the region that we focus on. And ultimately, it’s all about achieving diversification and balance, such that we create the best risk-adjusted earnings performance we can over the full cycle. So some of these smaller markets that have very dynamic growth characteristics associated with the places like Charleston, South Carolina; Greenville, South Carolina, you’re going to continue to see us focus capital on markets like that. And of course, we continue to stay interested in markets like Atlanta, and Dallas, and Houston, and Phoenix as well so. So it’s really more a function of where do we think the job growth, demand side of the equation is likely be the strongest, stay very balanced, and then balance within those markets both in more urban-oriented locations as well as some of the suburban or satellite locations, and then also be focused on kind of both an A and the B priced product. And ultimately, we think it sort of creates, as I said earlier, the earnings profile we’re after.
Eric Bolton: Right, it’s a good question, Tayo. So 2017 is primarily focused on capturing the overhead. The biggest impact will be from the overhead synergies of the $20 million. And as you mentioned, it will grow over the year. But by the year-end, we will have captured on a runway basis that full $20 million that we talked about. And in addition to that, we will have some NOI synergies that we talked about that we will begin to capture more so in the third and fourth quarter they’ll begin grow. And initially they will be focused on the pricing performance, in the revenue section and mostly revenue, a little bit of expense. But it’ll take 2018 to really to begin to see the most of that NOI additional synergy to be to be harvested. And so, the majority of 2017 is overhead. We’d call it, $4 million to $6 million into our forecast for other synergies, NOI level synergies, and that’s really what we see. And I will have - we also are seeing some balance sheet synergies, because as I mentioned, we got upgraded by S&P and right on the merger announcement. That immediately took our cost down on our financing instruments, our term loans, amount of credit. And so we expect $2 million in interest savings right off the bat there. So those are really the three that you’ll see the impact in 2017, all three areas.
Eric Bolton: Primarily what you’re looking on the large number like Savannah is taxes to be honest with you, Tayo. And then on the coastal items, with Savannah, Jacksonville and Charleston, you also had some Hurricane Matthew storm mitigation expenses.
Eric Bolton: Yeah, sure. For MAA average physical occupancy was 96.2% and consistent with last year’s record performance. Exposures, we’re just under 7.2%, which is 22 bps better than last year. And, Tayo, that’s all current vacant plus notices, 60 days out. And blended rents are up 2%, so about in line with where they were in the fourth quarter.
Eric Bolton: That’s pretty consistent with a little increase as you move into the back part of the year, because of the synergies that we talked about on the Post side of the business. But pretty consistent with a little bit of ramping from that.
Eric Bolton: Yes, sure. So new lease and renewal for MAA for the fourth quarter was renewals were 6.1 and then as expected new leases were about 1.4, so you have a seasonal slowdown there.
Eric Bolton: Well I mean that how long it takes as a function of how much supply did come into the market, and then sort of how strong the demand side of the equation is, and just obviously ultimately just how strong the absorption is, I think that it’s going to vary, I think that we see nothing at this moment that causes us to believe that the demand side of the equation and demand dynamics are showing any signs of weakening. And so I think that if you take a market other than Houston where the demand side of the equation did in fact collapse, and so you take a market like Houston where it was the demand side of the equation that disrupted the calculus of what was happening in that market that’s a two-year kind of a process, I think, to kind of work through it as you wait for weak demand to take on what supply had been built up. You take a market like say Nashville that’s been getting a lot of supply, but also having great job growth dynamics there. I think Nashville will see broadly is likely going to see a little weaker year this year. But, again, as I was saying earlier the supply side of the equation looks to be showing signs of sort of tapping the brakes, and as long as the demand stay strong. I would think a market like Nashville is back sort of back on its feet in 2018, no problem. So it just varies on those variables a little bit, but I think broadly speaking the markets where we see supply has caused moderation to occur. Absent any disruption on the demand side of the equation and absent any sort of acceleration of supply trends. I think there’s reason to believe that 2018 shows a little more strength in 2017.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think you have to kind of roll through it. We’ve had a number of new lease trends that have been under pressure for a while. And ultimately it starts to have an impact on the renewal pricing as well, but so I think that - I think we’re going to see the pressure really throughout the course of 2017 and then by the time you get to early 2018, I think depending on the market, you could begin to see the pressure lesson. And as we sort of get a new lease pricing back on a healthy trajectory, and new lease prices kind of a leading indicator of what’s happening. And right now the indication generally is more negative than positive, and I think it’s going to take the better part of this year to sort of get that trend reverse.
Eric Bolton: Well, yes. I mean, we would definitely see deceleration this year otherwise. There’s no question about it, I think for all the reasons that we’ve just been talking about, I mean new lease truck trends are not as robust this year as they were last year, and ultimately that will mitigate what we’re able to do on renewals at some level. And so I mean the market conditions do suggest deceleration this year, and we are feeling that. And I think that our situation is a little bit unique in that we do see some opportunity in the Post side of the portfolio that probably helps to mitigate some of that pressure and creates, what appears to be a more consistent performance year-over-year.
Eric Bolton: Well, broadly speaking, it seems like the economists generally are sort of gathering around an expectation of 150,000 to 200,000 jobs added a month, and we continue to believe that our markets in the south east, south west regions will get a good healthy component of that. So on a macro basis, we think that the employment trends in 2017 are pretty consistent to what we’ve been seeing in 2016.
Eric Bolton: Well, I also talked about the fact. We’re trying to create a balanced earnings profile and I think that the DC market has dynamics associated with it that are different and offer some diversification for us, and so we’re going to continue to evaluate that market and meanwhile harvest the opportunity that both of those assets that have some redevelopment associated with it and the recovery in that market have to offer harvest that opportunity for capital over the next couple years and then we’ll evaluate from there.
Eric Bolton: I would generally tell you that once you get above 10% of the portfolio in a given market. I think it starts to create some nervousness at least on my part. So there is no magic to that. I think to some degree a 10% or 12% allocation in a given market. You have to also look at sort of how you diversify from a price point perspective yet, they look at how you diversify from a submarket perspective, you’ve to look at what is the redevelopment opportunity that may or may not exist in that portfolio. So there is a number of factors that we think about. But I think that once you get to 10% I really start to challenge our thinking a little bit in terms of by doing more in that market and we have to have enough diversification there to support it. but I would think that for us, it’s probably a couple years or so to make that transition.
Eric Bolton: Almost every one of them are retrade, and we still see - it’s not, I mean, it’s not as many people in the processes I will say a year or two ago, whereas when a product will come to market there will be 12 people in the tent, now there’s five or seven. But I can’t think of a deal that we bought for the last two years that wasn’t a rebound transaction where the deal had been on a contract before.
Eric Bolton: We would, we would. We believe long in the merits of Houston long-term, its I think a much more diversified market that has been historically obviously still a lot of oil & gas there. But yes, we’ve got capacity to do more Houston should the opportunities present themselves.
Eric Bolton: Well, the way we look at is from a long-term perspective is what sort of growth rate in the dividend do we believe are our business model really supports. And right now the way we think about it, we think that we’ve got a model and a portfolio in place that will sustain sort of a core 6% earnings growth rate over a long period of time. I mean, it will fluctuate a little bit year-over-year, but broadly we think we’ve got a business model supports that kind of 6% growth rate. And ultimately we think that, keeping the payout ratio kind of where it is, then by definition would mean kind of an annualized 6% growth rate in the dividend. Now, as a consequence of some of the things that we’re doing with this Post portfolio and driving down our cost of capital, I mean, we may very well see our growth rate, I hope, start to improve a little bit beyond where it is right now. But ultimately, I think the dividend is more a function - and the growth in the dividend on a sustained recurring basis is more a function of sort of core organic growth rate of earnings that the company is supposed to - you know we don’t think about it so much in terms of payout ratio.
Eric Bolton: I think it will be two areas you may see it come down, Nick, in the future. One is real estate taxes. If you look at our expenses this year and what our guidance is, all the areas of our expenses other than real estate taxes are well under control. Taxes, which are about 30%, 35% of our operating expenses are the one pressure point, really Texas, Georgia, Tennessee in this year continue to be some pressure in those areas. So I think that’s the one thing to consider. That over time hopefully will come down. And Texas in particular is very aggressive. Think about Texas as backward looking thing. 2016 was a good year, there were a lot of transactions that support a low cap rate, so we expect values to push that. And the other areas we expect to be pretty modest under control. And I do think as we move into 2018, 2019, we will see some capture from the Post side, which will hopefully blend the other areas, repair, maintenance and some of the other areas down as well. So in general, you’re correct with taxes and merger success.
Eric Bolton: Well, I’ll take the first one and let Al do the second. In terms of markets where I think that we may see some expansion, some growth and opportunities presents themselves with a market like Charlotte, where we don’t have a lot of exposure to the downtown more urban-oriented centers of Charlotte. Most of our locations are suburban. And a lot of the supply pressure is taking place in Charlotte right now is more of the downtown, fringe downtown areas. So I wouldn’t be surprised to see opportunities come out of that market, that fit the need that we have, somewhat similar story in Raleigh. And then also as Tom mentioned, Nashville is another market that I feel like offers that opportunity. A lot of stuff going on in Nashville right now, downtown, The Gulch area, where we have no exposure to. And we like the performance dynamics of Nashville long term. So those are three that come to mind offhand.
Eric Bolton: And one thing to add on acquisitions, Austin, we’re assuming about 40% of those deals would be these lease-up opportunities that Eric’s talked about. So the blended yield may be perhaps a bit lower than a stabilized yield initially.
Eric Bolton: Broadly, and Tommy add some components to that. Broadly what we see in 2017 is, because of the components of other income, it’s going to grow a little slower than our rent growth. And so that’s why what you saw in the fourth quarter, we had revenue growth of 36. We had effective rent growth of 39. So some of the components of that are cable projects, are utility reimbursement program. They don’t tend to grow as fast or rents to some parts of the cycle. And so, that’s actually taking our revenue going down just a bit in 2017.
Albert Campbell: No, that includes post. I may just clarify that Rob, it’s a great question is the guidance that we put out is on a adjusted combined Same Store basis we’re in line with that, because it’s both portfolios added together as if we owned Post in both years. We have the numbers so we - and we know that’s what interest peoples who want to show that, and there are technical Same Store is properties that we’ve owned for two years. So that guidance is based on adjusted Same Store performance as if we own both 3% to 3.5% combined, obviously that’s with Post coming out of the gate lower than MAA beginning the year, and as we worked in the back part of the year capturing some of the synergies tried closing that gap, but that’s a combined basis.
Albert Campbell: No, it doesn’t make up Robert, but tightens the gap. So in the zero 15 basis points range for the full year but when you’re done, because of the performance that we expect to capture from some of the things that Tom and his team doing on pricing and expenses that you will see more in the third and fourth quarters of the year.
Albert Campbell: No, it’s sort of frontend loaded. I would call it 40-30 15-15 if I were modeling it, Rob. And that’s just because half of that is people, that are staying with us to help us integrate these systems that are identified as interim or part time. And as their projects are completed and they began to roll off, you will see that come down. So I would go with 40-30 15-15 range.
Albert Campbell: MAA legacy portfolio for the full year - well, two things at segment, at the beginning of the year Post is starting up lower, but for capturing synergies and things by the end of the year they close that gap, so they’re still below but the gap is much tighter. So full year call it between 0 and 50 basis point spread that time we done at the end of the year.
Albert Campbell: I’ll add to that, Rich. In our underwriting for those, we get our returns on their consulted basis with a less than 10 years underwriting with no kick-out value. So it leaves us that opportunity. We choose to do that.
Albert Campbell: I think you can assume that some of those acquisitions will come - or dispositions I should say, will come out of those two markets. We are in the process of really evaluating that at this moment. And we’ll have more say on that later this year. But with 14% of our NOI now coming out of the Atlanta area, that’s frankly a little more concentrated than I think we need to be long-term.
Albert Campbell: I think about $1 million for the year for the full-year, I think it will take time for that program to ramp up and be as fully productive, as we expect it to be in 2018 and even going forward, but we’ve got, call it $1 million addition in 2017.
Albert Campbell: Hey, Buck. This is Al. We really want to protect the strength of our balance sheet for sure. We like who we are. It’s big part of our - cost of capital is very important to produce some returns that we need for our investors. So we like that, so no significant change there. I will tell you that this year if you take the amount of investment from the acquisitions we plan to make, funded with dispositions and internal capital. We are leveraging up a little bit, call it, between 50 to 100 basis points, still well below 35% debt to assets. So it’s really very safe place to be. And I’ll tell you as you move into 2018 with development funding likely to decline some that will probably trickle back down a bit as our internal cash flow and earnings growth, internal cash flow picks up and even grows from there. So summary of that is we like where we are. It may fluctuate a little bit around where we are as we execute our business plan, but no significant changes in that.
Albert Campbell: I’ll just add the spread for the year is pretty straightforward and simple in our model. We’d start from March through, say, November of the year, pretty even spread, a deal a month, something like that. Also I mean there’s no science to that other than the spread that even as we feel the activity will likely be. And then I’d say, on the disposition side that’s different. We have basically two waves that we expect something midyear and something later in the year, similar to what we did this year. That’s particularly how we do it.
Albert Campbell: Yes, initially certainly funded on the line. We look at the line as our liquidity for us to have flexibility move as we want to in acquisitions. And then we move tactically throughout the year to - they have been working perfect. From our maturities to our capital plans, we’ll do one bond deal a year and use our line of credit to manage around that. And so that’s kind of what we are thinking for 2017. We did postponed a deal we’re going to do late last year. That’s kind of just moving into 2017. So we will likely early to mid-year be in the market potentially for fairly large deals to pay down our line of credit and to fund those acquisitions and development.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Just want to go back to one of the previous questions to clarify. So Same Store revenue for the combined company is 3% to 3.5%. How do that breakdown between Post and MAA legacy portfolio.
Nick Joseph: Okay. So just to clarify Post is zero to 50 basis points dilutive throughout the year at different place.
Nick Joseph: Perfect, thanks. And then Eric, I’m just wondering what are your thoughts on the DC market and if it’s a long-term market for you.
Richard Anderson: So if you did 7000 on your own, will that number actually go up, because you’re bigger company already think it stays in that range.
Richard Anderson: Right. More to choose from, more to choose from. So by the time the fifth year comes along. What’s the pace by which units start to become redevelopable? In other words, this is kind of circular right. I mean, by the time you’ll add to that redevelopment pool. Do you have a sense of what number of units sort of get to a point just because of the process of age become redevelopment candidates.
Richard Anderson: Right. And so also the number of tenants have put holes in the walls is also a function that I supposed to, but hopefully you don’t lease to many of those types of people.
Richard Anderson: Okay, good. And last question is kind of big picture for Eric. You guys with your Sun Belt interior focus have shown exactly what you want to show which is stability through different cycles, but I’m curious it is forever saying or do you foresee a period of time in the foreseeable future where coastal starts to be a winner again, and you just kind of have to kind of muscle your way through those things or do you think that there is something systemic about the business that puts the Sun Belt in interior locations and better position for a long time to come.
