H. Eric Bolton: I think, that spread is everything included, but primarily multi-family is driving that, Rich. And these assets, they're pretty close. So let me break that down for you. $0.19 that we outlined in the press release is made up of $0.16 from this recycling effort and $0.03 from development. So just putting development, and development's just carrying that capital during the year on the new projects that we talked about without having the earnings yet. The $0.16 is really $0.10 per share from the NOI spread loss, both the multi-family and the development that we will have. We're selling assets that are older, higher CapEx needs that have about a 8% NOI yield. We're buying assets that have a 5% to 5.5% NOI yield, so that's a 200 to 250 basis points spread. But let me point out, that's on an NOI business. When you look after CapEx, as we talked about, these are -- these older properties are 1,000 to 1,300 unit on CapEx, and so that makes that spread, call 25 to 50 basis points, much tighter. But we're showing the impact on FFO in this, so $0.10 from that and then $0.06 really from just timing of these transactions -- selling the assets, we talked about having activity early in the year and really reinvesting over the back half of the year, so hopefully that gives you your...
H. Eric Bolton: That's a good point, Karin. I do feel differently about it for a lot of reasons you just mentioned. I do think that these secondary markets have clearly not seen the level of robust job growth, and they're clearly not seeing the level of new supply. And this is why we have them in the portfolio, because we do believe that as conditions eventually moderate in some fashion that these markets tend to not move off this sort of steady-state level as much as you sometimes see in the larger markets. And just to clarify sort of the comment, I don't anticipate, by any means, that we're going to see any material deterioration or any sort of material weakening beginning to take place in the apartment real estate fundamentals. I mean, we've got too many favorable sort of macro variables, demographics and all the things that everybody knows about -- attitude towards home ownership and all those other factors that are really going to, I think, propel a very strong demand side performance for some time. But I do believe that just as a consequence of the sector continuing to attract a lot of interest and capital, supply is going to continue to pick up, and the job growth improvement trends will begin to moderate at some level. I mean, we're not going to go to 3% unemployment, and so there will be some level of moderation that will eventually take place. So I think that over the next couple of years, it's hard to see anything absent of recession or absent some sort of cataclysmic event elsewhere that really causes the economy to retract in a meaningful way. It's hard to see anything causing a significant weakening in apartment fundamentals over the next 2 or more years.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, Haendel, this is Eric. We like Houston long term. We think there are going to be some good opportunities emerge over the course of this next year. And we're going to continue to be active in the market looking for opportunities. I absolutely agree with the point.
H. Eric Bolton: Single-family, I'm sorry. Okay. Haendel, we continue to not to be worried about mounting pressure from single-family. I think that -- yes, that, I mean, you know all the dynamics surrounding people's attitude and people putting those decisions off later and all the sort of issues that go with that. I mean, we continue to believe that, ultimately a strong single-family housing market ultimately is a good thing for the economy and ultimately is a good thing for the apartment business. I think the job creations that come out of that, particularly in this region of the country, tend to drive positive things for the economy, the trickledown effect of a healthy housing environment has -- continues to -- we think ultimately create positive implications for demand for apartment housing. And to give you just a perspective on that, I mean, if you go back to sort of the 2006, 2007 time frame, where arguably the single-family housing market was at a fairly robust level, we were generating some of the strongest rent growth we've ever generated in our 21-year history with rents on average year-over-year going up 5%-or-so. So we think that a vibrant housing market is a good thing.
H. Eric Bolton: I mean, last year it was 20%. It was -- 1,842 moved out for home buying versus 1,759. Now, Haendel, it will change by quarter. So, it's a little higher actually in the fourth quarter I think than it was in the second, as people who are trying to get into houses right at the end of the year due to their closings. But the trend for the year and the trend for the quarter is down.
H. Eric Bolton: I think, probably on a rounded basis from the primary, probably 4%, and the secondary, closer to 3%. And so, that gives you the 100 or maybe a little over, spread between -- through the year, so that's the assumptions in general that we put in, Mike.
H. Eric Bolton: Actually, I give a little -- we plan to give a little bit occupancy back about -- only about 10 basis points, because we do expect turnover to increase just a little bit with the job market, Mike, but in general, it's pricing this year.
H. Eric Bolton: No. I mean, cap rates haven't really moved, Mike. It just continues to be a consequence of -- frankly, we're seeing more activity just as more of this new construction comes on line, developers are increasingly -- we're finding anxious to pull their money out of the deals that they've either just started or just started leasing. And they want to pull the money out and get -- and start another project as soon as they possibly can. So I think just as a consequence of not wanting to miss out on this window of opportunity for the next 2 to 3 years of what is expected to be very good leasing fundamentals and a good time to -- as a developer arguably to try to bring something online. We're just seeing a lot more transaction volume; it's starting to really pick up. It hasn't really manifested itself in any way that we've seen in increasing cap rates. There is still a lot of cap out there. But just as a consequence of the volume and then as I said just given our focus on these markets now for as long as we've been in, and I mean, we're seeing a lot of deals that are on an off market basis, deals that had fallen out of contract. I mean, a number of these deals that we just closed on, had all been on a contract previously. And we had been tracking the process and they came back around; for whatever reason the deals fell out. So it's really just a volume-related sort of thing that we see creating -- growing opportunity and that's what's really driving it.
H. Eric Bolton: Buck, I would say just quickly, no, we haven't seen anything in our numbers from a bad debt or rent trends or anything that would suggest any weakness at this point. But broadly speaking, I mean, we continue to feel very good about the Texas markets overall. Houston being only 3% of our NOI, we feel like that we've got room to expand our presence in Houston frankly and not really create too much of a concentration risk broadly speaking for the portfolio overall, and to give you a perspective on this, just -- where we're surrounding oil pricing and any particular weakness coming out of Houston, if we saw, as an example, instead of 3% NOI growth out of Houston, if we saw 0% NOI growth out of Houston in our portfolio, the impact for us over the course of a year will be less than a $0.01 a share for FFO. So it's just not a worry for us generally on this question surrounding Houston and oil pricing and so on and so forth. But having said that, I mean, we continue to believe the Texas economy, just the pro-business environment there, great quality of life, great standard of living, low cost of living, lack of state income tax and the way that, that economy continues to track businesses out of the Northeast, off the West Coast is going to continue to cause Dallas and Austin, San Antonio and Houston continue to be a very prosperous place to do business. And now having said that, I mean, our current investment allocation from a portfolio perspective to both Dallas and Fort Worth and Austin are -- is fairly full. You're not going to see us grow our presence much in those 3 markets from where we are today, and we will be doing some recycling I'm sure over the next several years. But in terms of growing our presence given our current size, we'll likely -- unlikely to grow a lot more there. Houston's a market where we feel like we do have some growth capacity and same with San Antonio.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes. I would tell you, Buck, that we'd be unlikely to move a bunch of capital out of a given market, because what we worry regarding a 2-year window, where supply may be a little bit excessive. I mean, when we buy these assets and deploy this capital, I mean, it's sort of a full cycle mindset that we go in with. And so, I think that what we typically do when you see markets get a little bit sort of out of balance, it's a time to think hard about any sort of fine-tuning that you want to do from a recycling effort as a result of rotating out of some older assets and the newer assets or things of that nature. But sort of wholesale changes to market mix and market allocation as a consequence of periodic supply issues is not something that we think we should be doing.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, Well, I think, obviously we would be pretty cautious right now in terms of rent growth outlook for the next couple of years or so. I mean, the deal that we closed on in November, this was located in Northwest Houston. It's exactly adjacent to the new Hewlett-Packard Campus that employs 10,000 people. It's half -- less than half a mile from Houston's Northwest Medical Center and Saint Luke's Hospital. And so we feel good, but given Houston and the concerns that we all know about, I mean, I think we assume 2.5% rent growth the first year and pretty modest for some time. I think that when -- I think we have to see how this plays out, Dave, to understand the likely -- how bad it gets or how we can may -- it may become. I believe that it's probably likely that this doesn't persist much more than a couple of years, and I don't think we can get back to $100 oil, but I don't think we stay at $40 either. So -- and of course, the Houston economy has continued to diversify itself a little bit over the last 10 years or so, and we think that between the healthcare industry and logistics and shipping and the port activity, that Houston has got a vibrant-enough economic base, absent oil and gas, that it's not going to just be anywhere close to sort of the same level of pressures that you see in a market like Washington, that is so influenced by federal employment levels and federal government trends, I think Houston has got a little bit more of a diversification to it. And so I think that this is possibly a good time to buy. But at this point, I can tell you that some of the things we've been looking at, we haven't seen any worry come into the pricing yet, and we may not be able to buy down there, given the continued healthy appetite that capital has for multi-family in general including in Houston, so it's just a -- it will continue to be a wait and see. And obviously, if we close any deals this year, we'll be glad to talk to you about it.
H. Eric Bolton: And Dave, I will add. I mean, we're generating more free cash flow, if you will, than we ever have as a company, and we're selling more assets than we've ever sold as a company. So I mean, if we do a $400 million to $500 million acquisition volume year -- this year, which is the most we've ever bought in a given year, and we're doing it without issuing a $1 of equity, I think it gives you some sense of our capacity to handle opportunity.
H. Eric Bolton: And we are -- David, what we're doing is watching demand over the sensors and then maximizing that. So we feel comfortable that if there is the ability to push rents, our system and our approach to the system, it's not just the system, but it's the way you monitor it, would allow us to maximize that as it happened, if that make sense. In other words, we don't dial it in for macro changes in the marketplace, but we are accurate enough to exploit those when they occur.
H. Eric Bolton: Dave, renewals went out at 8%, that is aggressive and that was -- that we feel like is what the market will bear. We are not adjusting ours for $100. We are adjusting it for how many people are moving out, how many people are looking. And we would expect resident quality to improve, we would expect delinquency to improve. But our residents aren't really folks that are right living on the edge, it's a matter of seeing the opportunity and exploiting the opportunity.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes. And I don't have it for this quarter, but historically, affordability has actually been a little better in the secondary markets.
H. Eric Bolton: Sure, Tayo. And I think it's more kind of an improving situation, where we're still monitoring Raleigh, which is 7:1. It is -- it's working its way out with stronger job growth. And Austin is worth monitoring as well at 5:1, but again it's been very resilient and largely our properties, which are more suburban in Austin, have not borne the brunt of the central core area. And then in Dallas, we have light exposure to the uptown with 1 property and 2 properties in Las Colinas, which you're seeing a little supply [ph] .
H. Eric Bolton: Well, yes, there are a few opportunities that bounce around from time-to-time, and as we usually take a hard look at them. But I will tell you that in most cases, there's usually 2 issues that we find tough to get over. One is usually there is some asset quality in that portfolio that is -- that would be really a step back for us, that we find is not really worth the effort to try to bring in the portfolio and then turn it all around and then try to sell it. So usually there's asset quality issues. And then secondly, often, particularly in these private funds or private portfolios, usually have in-place financing that is not as attractive as the financing that we're able to put on and you usually have to bring the debt with it. And so ultimately, it creates an opportunity that is not as attractive as the opportunities that we're finding focused on fairly new product, fairly recently built, new or to-be-built product that we can come in and put the right debt structure on -- right financing structure that really keeps our balance sheet where we need to keep it, and really, we think materially more so improves long-term asset quality. So we'll continue to look at them, but we generally find there's usually something about it that is as not particularly as attractive as what we're doing otherwise.
H. Eric Bolton: And I would tell you that as the cycle continues to mature, we typically do see the performance delta between the large and secondary market start to close a little bit, as a consequence of supply pressure picking up more actively in the larger markets versus the secondary markets. And then also typically the secondary markets are a little later in the recovery in terms of the job growth front. So we do believe that if you want to assume and contemplate sort of a flattening or a moderation at some level, we typically see the performance delta between the 2 segments start to flatten out. Now to really get into a situation like we had back in 2008, 2009 time frame, where our secondary markets were actually outperforming our larger markets, you have to get really much more into a severe sort of recessionary-type environment, because in those kind of situations, the large markets really get hit pretty hard as a consequence of more severe job loss and then more often than not, those markets have also been oversupplied relative to that. [Audio gap]
H. Eric Bolton: Yes. We absolutely are committed to staying broadly sort of balance 60% weighting of the portfolio in the larger markets and about 40% in the secondary markets. What you're seeing us do is technically pull out some older assets, where we feel like the after CapEx yields are likely to begin to show more severe moderation than what we would be able to achieve with some newer investment. As it so happens, given the history of our company, a lot of the older assets that we own are in some of the more tertiary markets of the Secondary Market segment of the portfolio, and thus, that's where the focus is at this moment in terms of harvesting capital out of these investments. But we will be absolutely committed to redeploying in the larger markets as well as secondary markets as we go forward. Unlikely we'll do tertiary markets, but I mean we will [Audio gap] We feel very committed to keeping a presence in those markets.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes. I would tell you, Drew, it really -- it appears to be -- to us less about that and more about vibrancy of the economy. Where we see home buying the highest is where we see job growth the highest. And where we see home buying the lowest is usually where job growth is the lowest.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, we certainly have a lot of -- the full slate of options available to us, Drew, but I think most of that debt matures in a fairly tight grooving, the end of the third quarter. So we have about $370 million maturing. We're going to pre-pay a couple of more loans. So probably, in terms of placeholder [ph] expect us to be looking for about $400 million to $450 million of financing, I think, likely best option at this point is a public bond, a 10-year deal in that range, which if we did that today, it's probably, call it 3.3% to 3.5%, on a 10-year basis, something in that range.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, we have just broken ground on one of them. And the other one would be later this year, probably third, fourth quarter of this year.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I think, as part of that NOI yield spread, I think is the answer to that question, Karin. And I think we're going to sell assets, though they have a high NOI yield now, they're probably expected to grow over the next couple of years between 0 and 2%, and what we're buying is we're expecting to grow probably 4% on average.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, because it's an optimum time to maximize sort of value capture out of -- pulling out of those markets, frankly in the sense that -- on the financing front. I mean, we're getting decent, if you will, NOI growth. I understand the point you're making that maybe next year or the year after is slightly better, but arguably, I would tell you that the financing environment that supports the capability to exit the investments on an attractive basis is better now than I've ever seen it. And I think that in an effort to sort of really harvest the best IRR and the best return on capital and create the most value for that capital, we think better to trade off a little current earning, if you will, in order to pull the capital out and get it redeployed into an investment that we think long term is going to likely create a better yield and a higher yield and a better return on capital. So it really is -- I understand the point you're making, but conceding, if you will, $0.19 of earnings this year is not something that we take lightly, but we think it's the right thing to be doing for value creation long term.
H. Eric Bolton: No closing comments here. If you have any other questions or concerns you'd like to discuss, feel free to contact us anytime. Thanks very much.
Albert M. Campbell: We had a little bit of all of it, it's all the operating assets. We have one joint venture. We still have -- it's very, very minor left, $250,000 or so. But, yes, essentially all the operating commercial assets will be sold here in the first quarter.
Albert M. Campbell: No. I'll tell you, Rich, I mean, we see a window of opportunity right now to harvest capital out of a lot of older assets that we've owned for a long time that we feel offers a great value opportunity. So we're going to -- we're jumping on that opportunity. And we're going to move on it pretty aggressively early in the year. I think that, ultimately we're not interested in trying to overhaul the portfolio. There is not some sort of major transformation going on here. We still feel very much committed to our bifurcation between large and secondary markets. It's really just harvesting out of some smaller assets and the window of opportunity right now is very strong. So we're looking effectively to match-fund acquisitions with this effort. And we'll see how the market conditions continue to hold up. But if the market conditions continue to support an opportunity to pull capital out of assets that we feel like the after CapEx performance is going to -- over the next 10 years, not be as robust as alternatives we can find in some newer assets then we will continue at a pretty good clip, but it all -- it's a tough time to be a buyer as you know. And of course, relate -- this late in the cycle, frankly, piling a bunch of money into development is not something that's real high interest to us as well. So we'll just see how the reinvestment opportunities pan out. We're optimistic that we'll get it done. And -- but to suggest that we've got some sort of major overhaul, a major recycling that we're going to be doing for quite some time, I think is an overstatement.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, I think that we're at a point where a lot of supply is coming into the market and developers are pretty active. And I mean -- at this point, I mean the demand side of the equation supports it, but as we know, I mean this business, I still fundamentally believe has a cyclicality to it that we have to be mindful of, and we've been in a very healthy period for some time. And so I would argue that, that we're on the peak or the back end of the cycle to some degree. And I think that it's hard to see anything that's going to completely weaken anything materially in the near term, but I do believe that given the level of new supply coming into the market, that us ramping up a big development operation is certainly not the thing to do. And I'd rather just be an opportunistic buyer of this product coming into the market.
Albert M. Campbell: Rich, we'll answer this, and then we're going to jump to another question. But I would tell you that trend for us is going to be at right around 3%, and -- so I think we'll be a little bit better than that.
Albert M. Campbell: And then, Karin, on the secondary markets, jobs to completions improves to about 13, and we see job growth really is the key factor in these markets driving it. It will move from 14 and 16 [ph] to 2015 at 25. And we've certainly been happy with the performance of Charleston, Greenville and Savannah. It's just a matter of getting a few others some job growth and getting them off the mark.
Albert M. Campbell: Karin, this is Al. I'll cover the first part and let Tom cover the second portion of that. But if you look at our overall portfolio and our forecast, we think we have about 2% sort of baked in or earned in based on the contracts we have in place and the current pricing of the marketplace. So we feel good about our projections for the year, and that's pretty strong. And then on top of that, we expect to get -- to get to our mid-point of our guidance, we'd need similar pricing over the remainder of the year and capturing that back half. And I'll let Tom...
Albert M. Campbell: Yes. I'll just break that down real quick. I guess the main components driving our earnings, are same-store portfolio, which is adding about $0.23 per share from the midpoint of our growth. Then there's about $0.15 to $0.18 per share that's going to be added from our non same-store portfolio, which includes recently acquired deals, this development, which is a big part of it is the development coming to fruition, Karin, you're talking about, and those things all coming together about $0.15 to $0.18. And then obviously, you got this $0.16 per share from recycling offsetting that to get you down to our change for the year.
Albert M. Campbell: Yes, obviously we have 5 deals undergoing at the end of last year, or 4 -- excuse me, and a large part of that is productive this year.
Albert M. Campbell: The dispositions -- our portfolio has been pulled out of our same-store, Haendel, because we -- when we target them, we pull them out so that we can have a consistent same-store portfolio throughout the year. So yes, it does not include that.
Albert M. Campbell: Yes. Sure. On a year-over-year basis for the fourth quarter, new leases were up 4%, which is about 40 basis points higher than prior year. Renewals were up 5% for a blended of 4.7%. Going -- looking forward on renewals, January, we asked for about 8%, we got 7.3%; for February, we asked for about 8% again and got 7.1%. And then, in March, it was 6.5%.
Albert M. Campbell: And Buck, just some local coverage in Houston. Of our properties there, we only have one in the energy corridor. It has about 25% exposure of employment to oil and gas. On the economy front, job transfers are up, which we view as a healthy reason, up 9. They've lost 1 job in the last 60 days and delinquencies improved by 10 basis points. So -- and frankly pretty healthy fundamentals, if you didn't read the press and you just looked at the numbers, we -- Houston looks pretty good.
Albert M. Campbell: Yes. I mean, Dave. This is Al. We certainly feel that our balance sheet is in very good shape to take advantage of opportunities. And I'd point back to a recent time in history in 2009, '10 when it happened, we certainly didn't have nearly as strong a position or balance sheet and took great opportunity of it then. We think we're much better prepared today. And if those opportunities come forth, I mean, we have plenty of capacity, great relationships across the debt spectrum and we've worked hard on our equity programs, have ATM in place, have issued equity under overnights' prepurchase deals, all kinds of tools or methods in place. So we feel very good about our ability to raise capital to do that, and we'll certainly opportunistically be in a position...
Albert M. Campbell: And the 2 metrics that we've monitored probably more than anything else about, are we pushing hard enough or not too hard, is really move-outs due to rent increase, and then, of course, the rent to income ratio in the portfolio. And both of those metrics are very supportive of being pretty aggressive right now on rents. And as Tom says, that's exactly what we're doing.
Albert M. Campbell: I'll just say, Tayo, if you think -- look at our guidance for the current year or for 2014 and our performance, we captured a lot of those synergies in the back half, third and fourth quarter particularly on the expense, so I think on a quarterly run rate, we feel like the expenses are pretty fully captured. There is a little bit of revenue left to capture, and I'd say we'll feel a little bit in the first and second quarters of next year, probably 2/3 out of the 3 quarters and all that opportunity has been captured on a run rate basis in Q4 though.
Albert M. Campbell: And I would also tell you, though, we've talked about having 15,000 to 20,000 units of redevelopment opportunity in the portfolio. The lion's share of that is the Legacy-Colonial asset base, and that's something that we'll be doing over 4,000 units this year, so that's something that we think over the next 2 to 3 years that we'll continue to capture in the way of a sort of opportunity out of this merger. Frankly, it's a bigger opportunity than what we initially thought it was when we went into the merger. So we -- as Al said, a lot of it has been sort of captured and we've sort of permanently, if you will, improved margins as a consequence of that. We do think as we get towards the latter part of this year, we'll start to sort of normalize, if you will, and some of that lift out of the merger starts to dissipate just as a consequence of year-over-year comparisons, but the redevelopment component will continue for some time.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, I'll answer the first part and probably Eric will answer some of the cycle comments, but just in terms of what is in our forecast and expectations for 2015, we're calling for something like 4% revenue growth, maybe a little bit higher from the large markets and around 3% for the secondary markets blending to our average for the year at midpoint of 3.5% in our range.
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes. And Karin, blended rates for January on a year-over-year basis were 4.4%. That's up 63 basis points from January of last year and exposure's about 50 basis points lower. We're seeing higher traffic as well, so very encouraging trends as we move into January.
Thomas L. Grimes: Karin, I think that everybody is enjoying having a little bit more money in their pocket as a result of that. And we believe that, that will benefit for us down the road. Our rent to income ratio is very low at 16%; this just helps this. Does it make a difference today in our sort of lower demand part of the cycle? I don't think so. But it will have a compounding effect as we get into the year.
Thomas L. Grimes: And we're also monitoring take rates and conversion rates. And if those go up, our price goes up. And if those goes down, our price goes down. Or we figure out is there a non-price reason for that and we attack our operation and refine it from there.
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes. I won't be able to answer that directly. I would tell you 100% of our residents rent by choice, because they probably have other options available to them. With a rent to income ratio of 16, that's improved; at sort of the bottom of the cycle, that was as high as 20. And if you figure that, a bank is going to want what 25% down or the ability -- not 25% down, but the ability to -- the PNI is less than 20% to 25%, we feel like you've got a huge chunk of those renters who are choosing that option. I think it's more a lifestyle choice honestly, Tom, than I think it is an affordability choice. I think with a booming economy, there are folks who are interested in being close to jobs and close to good retail centers and value the flexibility of a lease and the services that our teams provide.
