Albert M. Campbell: I think we'll see -- you'll see us have a balanced approach is a simple answer to that, David. And we're very proud of where we've come with our balance sheet and we've certainly achieved very good metrics that take us to the bond market this year. We feel like we'll be able to execute our inaugural offering in good position. And so you'll see us, over time, obviously continue to support that platform. But over the long term, continued commitment to our partners to have maximum access to capital will be our plan. So hopefully that answers your question, as to what you're looking for.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, I'll say a couple of things to that. One is on the deal we're affecting -- doing this year, we've already locked in about half of it, we're fortunate with the trades that we did, as mentioned earlier. And where the market is right now, David, I would say that unsecured debt is probably -- it's inside of agency right now. We would probably -- if we did a deal a day, you're probably talking about 4.5% all-in costs. And I think if we did a similar agency deal today, you're probably talking about 4.75% for a 10-year deal, on both of those. So I think you would see us just continue to have a balanced approach, maybe taking, tactically, over time, the best solution at the time, but making sure that we keep our appropriate metrics in balance with what our plans are.
Albert M. Campbell: I'll think what we look at it is that given the cost of debt and equity right now, that seems to be the best for our combined cost structure right now. Having said that, if we had a reason to ramp up our development pipeline in some way because of opportunities we had or some other things in our funding change, we would look at that. But I think, right now, debt and equity are our primary sources.
Albert M. Campbell: Right, okay. If you take a look at what we've done for the first 6 months, David, revenue's are about 4 6, expenses are 1 7, NOI's 6 6. And if you then compare that to what we have guidance for the full year, we have revenues of 4 to 5. So the midpoint of that is 4.5. So we expect revenues to continue to be solid and maybe that's implying a slight moderation in the fourth quarter, which we've talked about all year. On expenses, I think that's the key. We've had 1.7% increase first part of the year. And the implied guidance is 3.5%. And so, as I talked about, the pressure there is really real estate taxes. We have taxes, we believe, will increase 6% to 7% for the full year. You got to remember though, they're a quarter of operating expenses. And then on top of that this year, we have some challenging comparisons in taxes from the prior year. And the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year, we had some credits, we had some favorable appeals and had some valuations that came in better than we expected. So we had some credits in the back half of last year, making this year's back half a tough comparison for taxes. So, that's really the story of what's going on.
Albert M. Campbell: I think a good way to think about that, Rob, is looking at taxes over the long term. If you look at the last 6 years and you add them all to get an average, including this year, which is 6% to 7% growth, taxes have only -- that's less than 2% growth somewhere around 1 8, 1 9, and 1 7. Eric's got the number there. But -- so I mean long term, its -- we definitely expect it to be in that range. I think this year we and everyone expected the pressure particularly from tax -- particularly from the strong markets where there's been a lot of growth coming online. You may continue to see that a little bit over 2014, but you would expect over the next few years of that to kind of move into more of a normal band.
Albert M. Campbell: I think you'll see they'd move through pretty close to us. And as they report today, and as you talk to them, I'm sure that you're seeing similar in taxes this year and probably have similar expectations going forward. And as we blend the portfolios, we don't see any major differences in the trends that we've seen.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, I think -- just to -- one thing, before the major drivers of that to help understand the third and fourth a bit, Rob, is third quarter has historically had its high level of operating expenses. It's the hot summer months and so that is -- if you go back and look, that has been in terms of FFO per share, that has shown volatility in the past and I think you'll see that again this year. In the fourth quarter, what you're going to see is because of our deal volume, we've moved a lot of that in the fourth quarter, we expect a lot of that to close in the fourth quarter. You have acquisition expenses there. And then we've put our deal further back in the year and so when we do the $350 million deal or whatever size we end up making it, we'll be taking our fixed rate debt from 88% fixed to about 93% fixed. So you'll feel that impact in the fourth quarter. So that right off the bat. And I think the major thing that could happen to push us to the bottom or at the top of that range really is significant changes in timing of these transactions, primarily dispositions and acquisitions and the big change in there. And obviously, fundamentals could change, occupancy changes would have a big impact. But I think acquisitions would be the biggest.
Albert M. Campbell: I would tell you, Karin, that one of the metrics that you hear talked about a lot, that we focused on a lot as well is sort of this comparison of jobs to new supply coming into a given market. And at least the information that we have from initial metrics and moodys.com and so forth suggest that in 2013 that, that metric is roughly around 10:1 jobs to every new unit. And in 2014 that jumps to 11:1. So -- and if equilibrium is around 5:1 or perhaps 6:1, clearly Dallas is showing a little moderation, but it's still going to be better than average and better than historical long-term run rate and we feel good about it.
Albert M. Campbell: Now, Charlotte looks well-suited for it. Raleigh is one that's been a little bit of a surprise for us. It's at 5:1 ratio right now. And frankly, we would expect it to be a little bit softer. But it has worked very well. We've got an effective rent growth of close to 5% there and it's chugging along. I think the interesting dynamic on this is really job growth coming in 2014 for our Southeast secondary markets. And that they will begin to come to the table a little more aggressively as job growth really picks up in 2014.
H. Eric Bolton: Certainly, David, we've been in the preferred market in years past. And if conditions weren't going back, we'll certainly do that.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I mean, we're constantly looking at it, Rob. But we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to accomplish. We've -- as mentioned so far, we've got several others under contract right now and we are obviously in the process of taking a broader look at the combined portfolio and disposition plans. And I think that we will look at expediting perhaps a little bit more next year. But obviously we're also having to lay a lot of different crosscurrents here. But I think that, broadly speaking, we continue to believe that a steady, disciplined approach to recycling capital is the right approach. And we've demonstrated over the years, a clear ability to exit these secondary markets when it made sense because of where we were with the asset. And Fannie and Freddie continued to demonstrate a high degree of willingness to finance a lot of these assets. And so while we're going to continue to keep -- we certainly have a more aggressive posture in cycling this year than we've ever had. And we'll likely keep the same pace up, I would suspect, over the next year.
H. Eric Bolton: I would tell you, Rob, the biggest variability is the transaction timing that Al's mentioning. I mean we feel pretty good about the operating metrics and the trends there. It's the variability and the timing of transactions that really is the hardest thing to pin down and what drives the need for the range that we have.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, Rich, I mean, that's all to be more fully explored and demonstrated. I mean we are really into the weeds right now on putting the 2 platforms together and we will have a lot more to say about that particular subject after we sort of get the merger closed and we get into projecting 2014 and Q4 2013. But let me also just say that on this notion of decelerating fundamentals. It really, I just want to highlight the fact, we're talking about real estate taxes. Revenues are absolutely hanging in there. We absolutely feel good about the trend that we've posted so far this year and we'll continue to hold up. Revenues aren't moderating, expenses aren't going up with the exception of one line item and that's real estate taxes. And that happens to be because we had a tough prior year comparison because of a bunch of credits took last year, so...
H. Eric Bolton: We didn't have expectations, we didn't define expectations. I will say this, Rich, I mean, clearly, it's been a busy period over the last 60 days since we've announced this transaction. And it's had a lot of focus from both companies. And it has been in some ways a trying time because we're having to put the 2 organizations together. And as I mentioned in my comments, there's a tough personnel decisions that come from that. So to assume or conclude that perhaps there was some pressure on the quarter as a result of all these other stuff going on, is not an unreasonable assumption to make.
H. Eric Bolton: The short answer is, we're not going to change our strategy, Rich. I continue to believe very much that we, first of all, want to be sure we have a platform by which we can direct capital into brand-new product, to-be-built product. But having said that, in this region of the country, I continue to believe that if a cycle is sort of a 6-year cycle that maybe there's a year to 2, where it makes sense to take on the risk of being the developer ourself. But we continue to believe that the bulk of the cycle in an effort to find opportunities to deploy capital in new construction and new development, that the best way to do that is be an opportunistic buyer of that. And we will bring the development team of Colonial on to our platform, which we're excited about because they are going to continue to be able to help us to work with developers to find opportunities to come in and provide capital, provide an opportunity for them to exit that development on a basis they find attractive, on a basis that we find very attractive. And ultimately, I believe, find ways to deploy capital and brand-new product that yields very, very close to what it would be if we were the developer ourself, but doing so without the risk on our balance sheet.
H. Eric Bolton: Sure, Karin. July looked good, occupancy's still strong at 96%. Traffic was up 4.6%. And our asking rents on new lease prices was at 4.3%, which is really the best we've seen it this year.
H. Eric Bolton: Looking forward to the -- for the rest of the -- sort of out through October, is we're sending close to 6 and we're getting about 5 4 on that.
H. Eric Bolton: Karin, I don't think we mean to imply that new supply has no factor or bearing on a permanent pricing or the market. But I think what we're really trying to say is places like Dallas that are seen -- that have very healthy economy and are seeing some influx of new construction that job growth is at a point where fundamentals are still very, very good. And while there are some moderation to it, it is not the beginning of the end for a market like Dallas.
H. Eric Bolton: Not really. I mean that wasn't a significant change in that expense, Karin. And so we were not perfectly on the midpoint one way or the other that may move us to right on the midpoint of 5 on NOI somewhere closer to it. We're maybe a little above it before, but nothing significant.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I mean, so far it hasn't really transitioned into the actual -- the cap rate market as far as we can see. And we continue to see deals in this past quarter that we were losing in the large markets that were trading somewhere between 4.5 to low 5 range. And the secondary market trading anywhere from 5 to 5.5 range for the kind of product that we're looking to buy. And so while NOIs are remaining pretty healthy, investor appetite is certainly very healthy despite the fact that interest rates have moved up a little bit, it hasn't really translated into any material -- certainly, material change in cap rates. We haven't really seen any change whatsoever, continue to -- in the properties that we're taking the market to sell, older properties in some of these secondary markets. I mean, they're moving fine and we've sold 4 properties so far this year at an average cap rate of 6 8. This is a 25-year-old product in small market. So no real change.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes, I think this -- we're not planning to ramp up any more development, that's for sure. We think the best thing to do is be in a position to be on the sidelines ready to buy some of this product that gets delivered in late '14 and '15. That probably doesn't pencil out as well as a lot of people were hoping. And I think that it very well could be that by late 2015, 2016 that getting back into traditional development for a couple of years may make sense, we'll have to look at it at that point in time, but that's how we're preparing for it.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, I don't think it goes a whole lot higher, Haendel. I mean maybe it goes to 7.5% or something, I don't know. I continue to believe, very much, though, that people make a decision on renting a home versus renting an apartment based on a lifestyle decision. And I think that a lot of people who are interested in renting these homes are folks who are previous homeowners become accustomed to that lifestyle and want that kind of product. The people that we're renting to by and large are sort of young professionals. And they're really not wanting that kind of a lifestyle. So I think that -- my point is -- the point I was trying to make in my call, or comments earlier, is our long-term run rate for many, many years was somewhere in the 4% to 5% range. We saw it kind of move up to 6% -- to 7% in the last year. So I just don't see it moving a whole lot more than that.
H. Eric Bolton: Not for what we've seen, no real change. I think that we track all the deals that we don't get and try to understand as best we can what was it that the buyer that got the deal from us. Were they willing to accept a lower return? Or were they forecasting higher rent growth, what? Just what was it and we obviously can't get into all those. We don't get all that information. But I -- we haven't -- I mean, I think that to some degree it's probably people getting a little bit if their debt cost to capital cost are moving up a little bit and all things being equal the IRRs being the same requirements and so forth, I just assume they're being a little bit more aggressive on exit cap assumptions or rent growth assumptions or something, I don't know. But I think that broadly, the investor appetite just remains so high for this product type in both large and secondary markets that they're covering the difference somehow.
H. Eric Bolton: Okay. Well, thanks, Howard. We appreciate everyone joining us this morning and we'll be talking to you soon. Thank you.
