H. Eric Bolton: Thanks Tim. MAA wrapped up calendar year 2015 with another quarter of strong performance. Importantly, we expect favorable leasing conditions across our region and the trend supporting record high occupancy and solid momentum in rent growth to continue in 2016. As outlined in our earnings release, our forecast for MAA for the coming year is defined by continued record occupancy results consistent with what was captured in 2015 and rent growth that is also consistent with the strong momentum from last year and that remained well above long-term averages. Operating expenses are expected to remain well in check with real estate taxes being the only item driving any pressure and reflecting the continued strong valuation in leasing fundamentals that are supporting the apartment market. During the fourth quarter, we captured positive pricing momentum across the portfolio on both the year-over-year and sequential quarterly basis. Tom will provide you with more details surrounding leasing conditions across our markets. But overall, we believe the supply and demand dynamics across our high growth Sunbelt region coupled with a portfolio that is uniquely diversified across both large and secondary markets and that offers a price point appealing to the largest segment of the rental market will drive solid results in 2016. As noted in yesterday's earnings release, we were successful in securing a couple of acquisitions in the fourth quarter, both of which have an efficient and accretive Phase II benefit to them, which enable the deals to work within our disciplined underwriting model. We expect the transaction market in 2016 will be similar to 2015 with robust transaction activity fueled by a high level of new development and lease up projects being brought to market with the continued high level of investor and buyer interest surrounding current valuations. We remain disciplined in our approach and have forecasted 2016 a comparable volume of acquisitions and new developments funding as compared to 2015 that we plan to match fund with the disposition activity and internally generated free cash flow. With the start of expansion and our newly acquired Denton property in Kansas City, we now have a $117 million of new development underway with each of the five projects representing highly accretive Phase II expansions of existing successful properties. During 2016, we also anticipate another active year of redevelopment through our very accretive kitchen and bathroom modeling program. Al will recap for you the changes in our balance sheet and transactions completed in fourth quarter, which further expands our growth capacity. As noted in our earnings release through a combination of the capital recycling completed last year and the free cash flow now being generated, the balance sheet was further deleveraged in 2015 with debt to market cap at 32.2% by year-end. We anticipate continued strengthening of the balance sheet in 2016. In summary, we believe MAA’s balance sheet is well positioned for future opportunities as they emerge. Before turning the call over to Tom, I want to say to all our MAA associates how much I appreciate all of your hard work and tremendous results in 2015. Thanks to your efforts. MAA produced top tier total investment returns for our shareholders in calendar year 2015 and we are well positioned to continue our legacy of outperformance over the full cycle as we head into 2016. And with that I'm going to hand it over to Tom. Tom.
H. Eric Bolton: Well, first of all, it's pretty consistent with what we did this year and we think the conditions in the market place in 2016 are going to be somewhat similar to what they were in 2015, if not more robust. As we get later in this cycle we just see more development projects in lease-up communities being brought to market. And our deal flow is running higher this time this year than it was at the same point last year. So we think the transaction market is going to be very active over the course of the year. And so we put a number out there $300 million to $400 million which is consistent with - we did a little over $300 million this year and we will see what happens. I’m optimistic that we will see something that become increasingly compelling and we may find some situations where we have these Phase II opportunities associated with them like we did in December. And I think that we will see how things play out over the course of the year. We have assumed in our guidance that we will do $200 million to $300 million of dispositions, we are going to wait on that. That will be more backend loaded over the course of year depending on what opportunities emerge on the acquisition front. So David it's not a specific detailed answer to you, but it's really more just to reflection of we think conditions are going to be consistent if not a little bit more robust from an activity perspective and that May yield some opportunities for us.
H. Eric Bolton: Hey Nick. The takeaway from that is that when you look at 2015 the surprise factor was occupancy and we had anticipated that coming out of 2014 that we would hold the 2014 occupancy which was pretty strong and we didn’t really contemplate seeing occupancy lift as much as it did over the course of 2015. And we and frankly I think many in this sector were surprised at how strong the markets were a last year and I think everybody for the most part was raising guidance over the course of the year. As we got into 2016 guidance were coming off a year where average daily physical occupancy was higher than we've seen in our 22-year history. We ended the fourth quarter with the highest average daily physical occupancy we've ever had. So to go into 2016 within anticipation that we are going to beat that again and get above average daily physical occupancy of 96%, we just were a little hesitate to take that back and we think we are going to hold it. We think that the conditions are great in our markets and great in our region and we think we are going to hold that record occupancy and we think we are going to get very solid rent growth of 4% to 4.5% as well. Again in line with what we saw this past year, but just the incremental lift in occupancy is not expected to repeat itself again in 2016 and that's the big difference between 2016 and 2015.
H. Eric Bolton: Where the secondary markets really make a huge positive impact to our performance. Nick if you want to start to looking at a real sort of sea change and sort of the leasing environment where either we see a supply get way out of hand and relative to the demand and we get into recessionary environment or we see job growth really start to pull back. That's where the secondary markets really start to hold up a whole while lot better than what you typically see in the larger markets, but at this point in cycle with fundamentals still being strong as Tom was outlining. We think that there still will be a reason for the large markets to continue to outperformance this point the secondary markets.
H. Eric Bolton: But no other ones that we are particularly concerned about, I mean when you look at the job growth and the supply dynamics and the ratio between those two they are all well above what would be defined as healthy absorption.
H. Eric Bolton: Dan, since what we are seeing as in large the 2015 looks an awful lot - 2016 looks an awful lot like 2015. It should fill down the way we keep - try to keep in mind the balance between demand and supply, the jobs to completion ratio and they are at about seven for both years in a row and job growth 2015 for that combination of markets is 27 and it's about the same for 2016. I think related to our portfolio specifically, this has been worn out in the media I think a little bit but it is true the demand in some of these large markets is coming into the urban areas where we have a little less - the supply is coming in where there are a little less exposure important clarification there. thank you. Where we've got a little more and the inner loop satellite cities and suburban like exposure.
H. Eric Bolton: Sure. Tom and affordability in secondary's and non-issue, it's actually we have better rent to income ratios in secondary been in large in both - we’re talking a 100 basis points difference went roughly $17.5, $16.5 so not materially different, but it's a non issue there and I think now it’s a real balance on rent and occupancy. And one links to the other as demand in secondary looks very good at this point, occupancy in January average physical is actually higher now in secondary than large and we are in very good shape on our exposure, so we are optimistic about rents in secondary at this point.
H. Eric Bolton: Texas is one factor in it and then Charleston obviously stands out, we had a weather event in Charleston where you probably read about it tons of rain there and we didn’t have any material damage, actually no units down or anything like that. But we did have a fair amount of landscape work that had to occur in that market during the fourth quarter just drying things out replacing some damages.
H. Eric Bolton: Average days return is with that is down 2.5 days, we would expect to drop another two next year. I think the thing that probably modes the best for revenues is that exposure at the end of January is down a 120 basis points and that's sort of the leading edge of our pricing power.
H. Eric Bolton: Yes, our rate growth we expect to be very much in line with 2015 and that’s sort of that’s backed in.
H. Eric Bolton: We take a look every year at every individual investment we have and we look at sort of the acted CapEx cash flow being generated off the investment and what it likely is going to trend out at over the next few years. And make a decision on which ones do we think are going to yield us the weakest or declining if you will cash flow and target those as ones that we need to recycle cap out of into something more compelling. I think that we do this several year and we sold over 13,000 apartments in the last five years and so we take a very proactive approach to keeping certain level of recycling taking place every year. As we look at 2016 should the investment opportunity show up and then presents an opportunity to recycle money out of some investments, I would expect 2016 to be sort of evenly we split between both large and secondary markets, we have a good mix in both.
Thomas L. Grimes: Thank you, Eric and good morning everyone. Our fourth quarter NOI performance is 7.3% was driven by revenue growth of 5.4% over the prior year. We have good momentum in rents and saw effective rents increase 4.4% on a year-over-year basis and 70 basis points sequentially strong average physical occupancy contributed 70 basis points over the prior year. Overall, expenses remain in line, up just 2.4%. Expense discipline has been a hallmark of our operation for years. Our industry leading initiatives such as our vendor owned inventories shops stocking program, which will be completed this year have allowed us to keep the expense line consistently in check. January demand trends continue the positive momentum. Average physical occupancy of 96.1 ran 94 basis points ahead of last year. A 60-day exposure which is current vacancy plus all notices for 60-day period is just 7%. This is a 120 basis points stronger than the same time last year. January blended rents on a year-over-year basis were up 5%. Occupancy exposure at the critical beginning of the year are better than we have seen in recent years. On the market front, the vibrant job growth of the large markets is driving strong revenue results, they were led by our Orlando, Fort Worth, Atlanta and Phoenix. The secondary markets achieved 4.4% revenue growth. And these markets were benefiting from improved job growth as well as a sophisticated operating platform that has competitive advantages across our footprint in markets. Revenue growth in Charleston, Greenville, Savannah and Jacksonville all stood out. As mentioned above, our momentum is strong across our markets with occupancy, rent growth and exposure all showing positive trends. Our market worry to-date is Houston which represents just 3.5% of our portfolio. We will continue to monitor Houston closely and protect occupancy in this market. Turnover for the quarter was again down by 7.5%, and down 180 basis points on a rolling 12-month basis to 52.5%. Move outs to home buying was down a 100 basis points and remain below historic norms. Move outs to home rentals was down 6% and represents just 7% of our total move outs. Our focus on minimizing the time between occupancy again paid off. The improvements in average days vacant between occupancy for the quarter of 2.5 days helped drive down the fourth quarter average physical occupancy or drive the record average physical occupancy to 96.1%. During 2015, we've completed 5,781 interior unit upgrades, 3,200 of those were on legacy CLP communities. We expect to redevelop 5,000 units next year and expect the mix to continue to favor the legacy CLP portfolio. As a reminder, on average, we spent $4,500 per unit and receive $95 increase over our comparable non-renovated unit, generating a year one cash return of well over 20%. Our active lease-up communities are performing well, and we completed construction of 220 Riverside in Jacksonville in the fourth quarter. As you will notice in our release we moved the stabilization of this community up to Q1 of 2016 rather than Q2, because of better than planned lease-up supported by rents above pro forma. Colonial Grand at Bellevue II and Retreat at West Creek one both stabilized on schedule for the fourth quarter. Station Square at Cosner's Corner II and Cityscape at Market Center II are currently 67.5% and 82.1% at lease, and expected to stabilize in the fourth quarter and third quarters of this year respectively. We ended the 2015 in strong fashion and are well positioned for 2016. Al.
Thomas L. Grimes: I think what we would expect to see is the job growth in the large markets continue to lead the way, absent some sort of macroeconomic change on the demand side, we are expecting those to lead and expecting the Atlanta, Orlando, Phoenix probably to perform top set of that group. In the secondary markets where we get a little less supply, we’re seeing job growth build there and would expect to see places like Charleston, Greenville, and Jacksonville do well. But we would expect that large markets would continue to outperform secondary markets at this point.
Thomas L. Grimes: What I would also tell you Tom is that to some degree the spread and average rent between our large and secondary segment of our portfolios of function are the fact that we have I think a higher percentage of older properties. Some of the legacy assets that we've owned for a long time are in some of the secondary markets. Now that's changing and that's evolving as we continue to build out our presence in markets like Kansas City, San Antonio and Fredericksburg. Some of these newer markets that we've been getting into with newer assets. But when you look at the age of the assets across the portfolio, we have percentage wise a higher concentration of older legacy assets to some of the secondary markets and I think that probably accounts for some of that pricing spread that you are mentioning.
Thomas L. Grimes: And then our pricing approach is more aggressive at this time this year than it was last year both because of the factor of lower exposure and system automatically relates that. But we are also managing the system at appropriate level, at a market level, at a core plan level depending on the time of the year and the cycle and we are more aggressive on our settings this year than we were at this time last year.
Albert M. Campbell: I think what you probably return to is the internal rate of return data which is in the 11% to 12% range, but the rent growth compared to a non-renovate unit has consistently been 10% to 10.5% I think for a while. IR is higher than that.
Albert M. Campbell: Thanks Nick. This is Al. I'll tell you a bit how it was prepared this year. No real changes there, I'll tell you, what we are expecting for 2016 first and foremost is not any deceleration in momentum in our business, and what we’re projecting is for occupancy level of 96.1% which is above the way record high for the company that we had in 2015 to carry through 2016. And I'm talking about average 365 days for the year which is pretty strong access full. And so on top of that I mean so you are flat with 2015 hold that level, on top of that we expect pricing levels to be consistent with 2015. Again, well above long-term averages and norms, we expect pricing to go up 4% to 4.5% and so that really is tradition that revenue growth and then we have the expense control we talked about the drop at the bottom line of NOI. The comparison to 2015, I think the challenge there is that we had about 150 basis points of things in our 2015 revenue that were unusual. I hesitate to call them one-time, but similar to that one-time items such as we built our occupancy 75 basis points during the year getting to that 96.1% was on average 75% basis points in revenue above the prior year. And then related to that we while we were building occupancy, we also had higher fee performance related to building their occupancy fee as either add fees, processing fees, pet fees all of those things. And also as we've talked about some during the year we've had a little better performance in 2015 in catching some of the final remaining portions of the synergies from our merger. We really had a strong performance in 2015 and the fees, to give you context they grew 15% in 2015 over 2014. We certainly expect to hold a majority of those fees and carry that into 2016, but that growth rate - it would be more of a normalized growth rate going forward. So hope that gives the sum.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, if you look at it on a cash flow cap rate basis, certainly just looking what we sold this past year, 21 properties that we sold, the cash flow cap rate was around $5.8, I mean we are buying at around $5.5. So from the cash flow perspective it's pretty close, when you look at sort of NOI yield, initial NOI yield particularly if you assume as we do that some of the acquisitions that we make are still in lease-up and not yet fully stabilized. We gassed out more so, it can be 150 basis points or so. And therefore that’s why from an earnings perspective we've assumed $0.04 to $0.06 of earnings dilution in our guidance predicated on that gap in NOI yield, both as a function of the higher yielding assets that we are selling coupled with the non-stabilized nature of what we assume we’ll be buying.
Albert M. Campbell: Houston is the one with that demand dynamic that’s traded down. We would like to see a little more job growth come out of Little Rock and Norfolk but we are relatively slightly exposed to those markets, but Houston is the main worry there.
Albert M. Campbell: To answer that is it's certainly not in scope as large as the rents and other. It's probably about $50 million and again the majority of growth this year came from of add frees, these processing fees, pet fees and those are the main drivers of growth.
Albert M. Campbell: Right, but the large part of that $50 million is you also have water reimbursement, cable reimbursement other thing and the growth came in some of fee related to growth and occupancy this year.
Albert M. Campbell: The biggest thing is fair market value of debt adjustment. And the others are acquisition cost and then gains, loss or distinguishment of debt and some small things. But the big number what's driving at difference is really fair market value of debt. And I will tell you Rob, we chose to when we did the merger a couple years ago, we had that significant number for that. We chose to pulled back out of AFFO, because it's non-cash and we are getting an credit and interest. And we just feel like it was better to show it without that because it's not cash and so some other people do it defiantly, we know it's a little bit confusing, but that’s the main difference and we will continue to do that until that burns. It will burn off in another couple of years and tat significant difference should decline.
Albert M. Campbell: Usually about $0.01 to $0.015 per percent on that Rob, I mean it's meaningful to our business in terms of the actual impact of AFFO given the size and scale of the company, its smaller than you would think.
Albert M. Campbell: That’s a lot of the credits came in the Texas markets which are all in our - expect the San Antonio large segment.
Albert M. Campbell: I’ll try to give you some color on that Drew, I think what happens in the begging of the year in year, you just don’t have a lot of information to go on, you talk to assessors, get a feel for what is happening in each jurisdiction and you start your estimates. As you move into second quarter, you have a little more information, third a lot and fourth you finalize I think that’s this year. And so what happened last year as we start out the pressure was coming from Texas, Florida a little bit in Georgia as we have some revaluations occurring there. But we start out the year with expectation in 2015 really high numbers come out of Texas. Particularly in third quarter we started to get some information believing that was going to moderate low bit in the fourth quarter, we got that finalized notice and so that’s why it came down in 2015. Looking into 2016, we are still getting very high numbers out of Texas and then we got some revaluation in Georgia and some in Florida. I would tell where we sit today, we expect to think about especially what they do, they are doing evaluation of assessments of 2016 looking backward to 2015. Record year for the company in many areas and so we expect those initial violations come out high and we expect to jump on early, hopefully have some success. We have some success in fighting what we think will come out built in our numbers, but hopefully we will meet that and even be able to have more success. But I’ll tell right now given the performance we had in 2015 the valuations are base off of income, it's hard to see those taxes begin the moderate significantly until the cycle changes. And so that’s what we are projecting to 2016.
Albert M. Campbell: We continue to see private capital securing loan to values in 70% to 75% range pretty easily and the agencies remain very active and coming out of the national multifamily housing councils annual meeting back in January that mean all the feedback and all the information that we got is that probably capital. Both domestic and foreign indicates a huge appetite for multifamily real estate. It appears that the financing windows are wide open very much from a loan to value perspective very much consistent will what we saw in 2015. I think that despite the slight bump that the Feds made in interest rates earlier. The expectation is that rates are going to continue to remain pretty low this year. So from our perspective it's really hard to see how the valuation market is going to change much, I think it's going to another active year, another fueled by a lot of investor interest. I think the only thing that potentially is going to evolve is I just think it maybe more deal flow, I think there may be more transactions in the market than we have seen in 2015. But I think it will still be a very robust environment.
Albert M. Campbell: Well, we are not particularly targeting more sort of urban core, what I would tell you is that’s where so much of the supply is being delivered that I think if that’s where the opportunities will emerge as some of these lease-ups run into trouble or they are not leasing either at the velocity or the rents that they had pro forma. So I just think that it’s a stock that’s continues to play out that’s more than likely where the opportunities will emerge. We are not seeing what I would consider to be real operating distress or lease-up distress frankly where we see our opportunities are where we see private capital come in tie up a deal on very, very aggressive terms and then running to some kind of a problem in getting the financing or they don’t get loan proceeds equivalent to what they thought they were going to get and they you go back to the developer to try to re-trade the deal and developer sort of blows up and then they come back to us. And so every deal we bought last year was on a rebound and I think that from an operating perspective we are not seeing any real weakness yet but I just think as the deal flow picks up we think that may very well yields to increase opportunity.
Albert M. Campbell: We have the acquisitions - we’re projecting pretty evenly spread throughout the year Tayo beginning somewhere in March maybe a $40 million to $50 million a month through call it Octobers and then the dispositions a little bit more towards the mid to back part of the year really looking to match fund those as much as we can as Eric mentioned in the start of the call and so you can kind of start at midpoint of the year and layer those in.
Albert M. Campbell: And Tayo I mean it's a good observation that a transition from third quarter to fourth quarter a little bit lower on revenue and there is a seasonal factor to these markets and I don’t think it is odd to see them drop down. So either way going from third quarter to fourth quarter, there is lower traffic, there is lower demand and that pattern has repeated itself over the years with us and as usual we see good pick back up with the beginning in the year in those markets the secondary markets average physical occupancy for January is 96.6 so we've seen pop up there so I would expect that what you are observing is not change from the market dynamics, but seasonality as we move from third quarter to fourth quarter and mostly it will come back.
Albert M. Campbell: Sure. And I think that's a difference in households moving to those markets, the secondary markets are in the fourth quarter they are just a little bit slower and you have lot more going on and they are large markets.
Albert M. Campbell: Charlotte in particular is an urban suburban story a little bit and looking at the amount of product it's coming in South Church area is noticeable, there is a lot happening there, so a lot less happening in suburbs and that is where the majority of our exposure is. So we like the job growth and on the product that we have in Charlotte it is there is not a lot of comps going in next forward to it. Similar story in Raleigh, over the last couple of years we saw fair amount of the supply coming in and the prior Brier Creek submarket where we exposed it's one of those appealing submarkets but that has burned off and it's shifted more to Downtown as well where we have one asset.
Albert M. Campbell: Honestly there is no sign of that and that is something that's trended down pretty much every quarter this year and there doesn’t seem to be an interest both in and sort of psychology and lifestyle reasons that people are interested in moving at this point, we’re just simply not seeing that.
Albert M. Campbell: Okay that was smaller, let’s say the number allocated to that was about $10 million its smaller, 55 units in smaller so about $10 million of that.
Albert M. Campbell: I think what I would say is once they are stabilized we would say five and a quarter likely, but obviously those aren’t stabilized but that’s the projection once they are stabilized.
