Eric Bolton: Thanks, Tim, and good morning. Leasing conditions across our markets continue to reflect strong demand for apartment housing. During the second quarter, we captured meaningful improvement in pricing with a blended lease-over-lease growth rate of 3.3%. This is 90 basis points better than Q2 of last year, and the best quarterly lease-over-lease rent growth captured since our merger with Post. Looking at pricing trends for new move-in residents on a lease-over-lease basis, where new supply and competition generate the highest pressure, we captured a significant 170-basis-point improvement over last year. Resident turnover remains at a historically low level, and rent growth of renewal leases during Q2 was a strong 5.9%. We believe pricing trends have reached an inflection point, and we expect to see positive momentum over the next several quarters. We're encouraged with the positive momentum in rent growth and believe this will support the stronger revenue growth that we expect to capture over the second half of the year. We continue to capture very favorable performance in year-over-year growth and operating expenses. As a result of the improving pricing trends and continued favorable expense performance, we continue to be comfortable with our outlook for same-store NOI performance. I'm particularly encouraged by the emerging and improving trends in pricing performance across the legacy Post portfolio. As our work over the past year to strengthen and reconcile revenue management practices takes hold through this year's leasing season, we are beginning to capture the positive impact. This is despite the fact that many of the legacy Post submarkets are currently battling some of the more challenging new supply pressures across our portfolio. We're thrilled with the associates we now have in place at our legacy Post locations, and I very much appreciate they're hanging there with us as we work through the merger and reconciliation of on-site operating practices. Merger-related activities continue to wind down. During July, we successfully wrapped up the final systems conversion work and completed the consolidation of the legacy MAA and legacy Post operations onto one management and reporting platform. This has meant a significant effort by every part of our company. We're excited to have this effort behind us, and to now be in a position to further harvest opportunities associated with being on one operating reporting system. As outlined in our earnings release, acquisition activity remains fairly quiet for us as aggressive pricing keeps us largely on the sidelines. We did initiate two new development projects during the second quarter, both of which are expansions of existing properties. Each project is located on land parcels adjacent to existing communities that we already owned. In summary, while we still have a few months of a busy leasing season ahead of us, I'm encouraged with the performance and progress year-to-date. We continue to believe that the back half of the year will play out in line with our expectations. We continue to capture great early benefits from our merger with Post in the area of operating expenses and G&A synergy, and improving pricing trends are now clearly evident. While new supply pressures are currently creating some headwind, our revenue management practices and the improvements made in the legacy Post portfolio operation are beginning to make an impact. Merger integration activities are essentially complete, and we now look forward to now executing on a fully consolidated platform. We continue to believe that based on permitting data and projected new starts as well as what we are seeing on the ground in our various submarkets that we will see some moderation in new supply pressure in a number of our markets in 2019. With continued strong employment expectations, we're optimistic that leasing conditions across our footprint will continue to see positive momentum. I want to thank all our MAA associates for their hard work through this busy summer season and their focus in not only serving our residents on a daily basis, but also completing the extra work and effort associated with wrapping up our conversion and consolidation activities associated with our merger. That concludes my comments, and I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Eric Bolton: Nick, I mean, the last blended for 2017 was 1.6%, which is a bit of a fall off for us last year. We're assuming 2.2% going forward and feel pretty good about that. And that's what helps drive that compounding effective rent growth that Al was talking about in the back half of the year.
Eric Bolton: Last year really saw a big ramp-up in the last several months, particularly in Dallas, particularly in the uptown.
Eric Bolton: Austin, this is Eric. We're looking at a couple of other development opportunities, another adjacent land parcel that we own that we're looking at. We've got a couple of other sites and an existing own site in Denver, another site under contract, another site in Orlando under contract, another side in Raleigh under contract. These are all the things that if we do pull the trigger on some of these, it would be next year, frankly, before we would do that. So you're not going to see us create a really significant development pipeline. I think we've sort of laid out a parameter of no more than 3% or 4% of enterprise value, which is going to be in that $400 million to $500 million range for us. But we do continue to feel that, that ought to be part of our external growth story at some level going forward. What I'm encouraged by, frankly, is just while it's been frustrating on the acquisition front given where pricing is, we haven't been able to put much money to work. I will say though that our deal flow, our deal volume is higher in Q1 and in Q2. Year-to-date, it's higher than we've seen the last five years. So I mean, we are looking at a lot of things right now and continue to have a number of conversations with developers about prepurchase opportunities and sort of funding the development as we go things of that nature. So I continue to be encouraged [Technical Difficulty] later in the cycle that more opportunities are going to emerge. As I mentioned, the balance sheet's got - is in great shape. We've got a lot of capacity. We're going to stay disciplined. We're going to stay patient. But I continue to believe that the opportunities are going to emerge, which is going to facilitate our ability to pick up the pace of growth a little bit.
Eric Bolton: The only hesitation we ever have, we don't force turnover, so we do it on turns. I think if we start forcing turnover, we start driving up vacancy loss and we start impacting negatively the economics on the renovate program. But as Tom mentioned, it's really a more systematic approach, and it really affects our units at a given community for the most part.
Eric Bolton: Rich, this is Eric. I think a couple of things at play here. One is what you referred to. I think the housing market in general is challenged increasingly by the lack of affordable single-family housing. I think we see the rental side of that business continue to really ratchet up with pretty high rent growth. We see pricing for starter homes continuing to move up. There's just not enough supply out there. And as a consequence, I think it is becoming increasingly more expensive. But I think the other thing that is at play here a little bit is just a more function of just demographic and society changes. If you look at our portfolio today, our resident profile, 75%, 76% of our rental profile is single, not married; 52%, 53% are female. And I just - I continue to believe that this is a demographic more so today than ever in the past. It's not really motivated to go out and move into a single-family home, whether that be for rent or for purchase. And so I think it's a combination of those factors right now that are sort of helping the industry as a whole to capture some pretty good retention.
Eric Bolton: And I'll tell you the other thing that's been part of the equation as well is just the benefits of the economy of scale. I mean, we renegotiated virtually every single contract we have for procuring services and products that we use in the operation of on-site activities, and all those prices went down as a consequence of the scale we got too, so there's no deferral going on, I can assure you that. It's really the point that Tom mentioned and the scale advantage.
Eric Bolton: I mean, we check it for reasonableness by - I mean, we know what's happening obviously in our submarkets and our properties know what's under construction. I think it's pretty easy to get a pretty good sense of what's going to happen 12 months out or so, because if it's not under construction now, it's not going to deliver next year and we know that. I do share your opinion that as you start to look at what's happening with permitting, it starts to suggest that 2020, maybe 2021, we might see a reacceleration of deliveries. But when you look at just - if it's not under construction now, it's not going to deliver next year. So we do think that '19 is shaping up to be a better year in terms of supply pressure. But I think beyond next year, I think it starts to get a little bit more questionable.
Eric Bolton: Well, thanks, everyone. We appreciate you joining the call this morning. Any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to us. Thanks and we'll talk with everyone later. Thank you.
Albert Campbell: I think we typically, lay our guidance out - Nick, this is Al, I'm sorry, we typically lay our guidance out trending towards the midpoint. And as we talked about, that performance is going to be based on pricing performance for the year, expected stable occupancy of around 96% average. And so our pricing guidance is 2.25% to 2.75% for the full year, which is new and renewals combined of blended leasing. And as we talked about, I think through July, we actually achieved 2.8%. And so that leaves about 2.2% on average for the remainder of the year, and I think it's about achievable.
Albert Campbell: I think we would expect - two things there. I think we would expect pricing to follow seasonal trends, which would be strong continued strength in the third quarter, seasonally softening in the fourth quarter. But the continued compounding of strong pricing performance into our portfolio will drive effective rent per unit, which is the average of all of your leases, at one time, that will continue to grow. We expect that to be growing in the third quarter and even more so in the fourth quarter to drive that rent performance - excuse me, the revenue performance close to the midpoint.
Albert Campbell: Yes, Austin, that's a great question. Let me clarify that. I was - 2.8% I was referring to the average for the full year, seven months together. And so we did achieved for the month of July of 3.3%, which shows that trend is growing.
Albert Campbell: We do expect, and to your point, Austin, we do expect the fourth quarter to moderate seasonally. And so in the last year, our blended pricing portfolio was flat blended. And so we believe we'll exceed that - we project to exceed that this year and have a strong third quarter based on July and continue August [indiscernible] performance. For fourth quarter, we project it to moderate some with seasonality, but be above last year about 60 basis points or so.
Albert Campbell: Yes. We've been talking about that I think last several quarters, John, that was the first thing, it was really easiest for us to jump on begin with actually a little better and faster than we had expected. I think as we move into '19, we would expect that to normalize a bit, but the revenue opportunities are growing and will be contributing in 2019. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Albert Campbell: Tayo, this is Al. We don't see any significant headwinds, and we feel pretty confident in our current on guidance on expenses for the back half of the year. As mentioned, we would expect a lot of that's attributable to the favorable performance from achieving the Post synergies or opportunities, those scale and processes we talked about. So I think as we move into 2019, the repair and maintenance and some of those lines may moderate to a more normal level. And as we mentioned, I think we expect the revenue part of the synergies to pick up stronger at that point as well.
Albert Campbell: Yes. One thing I'll mention as you talk about your math and doing that is keep in mind though that the second quarter, there were a lot of leases that was signed in the second quarter. So simple average won't quite get you there. I think it's a little bit a better picture or a lower picture for the fourth quarter if you consider the weighted average because there were like a number of leases in the third quarter. But in general, I think you outlined it correctly.
Thomas Grimes: Nick, it's Tom. The trade-off is really across-the-board with only DC and Atlanta seeing slight increases. But it's really pretty widespread, and it's not being driven by any one market.
Thomas Grimes: No, it's awfully consistent. Last year, again, we saw a real change in the volume of supply that occurred. This year that has been relatively consistent throughout the quarters and expect it to be pretty consistent the rest of the year.
Thomas Grimes: Rich, in general, it is a property-by-property assessment. And the way that we figure out whether the market will accept that is through a pretty rigorous testing process that we do. But generally, it works on the property or it does not work on the property. Every now and then, there's a particularly a studio floor plan-type that maybe more sensitive to renovate than others and we might leave that out. But that, honestly, is a rarity. We pick the units, test the units and then roll forward on the property.
Thomas Grimes: Yes, I mean, we have considered that and thought about that. But those - what you mentioned are the pros to it's [Technical Difficulty] is strong now, 6% reprice, no additional investment, no downtime and average day is vacant and no turn costs. So we feel like that's - our approach is a little more stable.
Thomas Grimes: Yes, we're doing neither of those, John. I mean, what really is driving at is putting our approach to repair and maintenance on a portfolio that was more heavily weighted to contracting out labor. At the end of the day, they did - drastically increasing the number of paints that we do in-house and the number of carpets that we do in-house, and the number of cleans that we have in-house, and that is 100% what is driving this. And certainly, nothing in the deferred maintenance or capitalizing those costs.
Thomas Grimes: Sure. I mean, limited like none on new lease, because obviously as we haven't executed enough to do that. But as far as our renewals, they're continuing to go out. August, September and October all went out in the 6% range, and we're getting back high 5% in that range. So we feel good about that part of the equation.
Thomas Grimes: Yes. I mean, and I think we mentioned at NAREIT, 5.9%, we're really pleased with. But we didn't plan for that. And one shouldn't plan on 5.9% going forward.
Thomas Grimes: I would tell you, Tayo, you're hitting on it in places like Atlanta, Austin and Dallas. And just pockets of Atlanta, really, they're competing with concessions. I will tell you that as we mentioned on an earlier Q&A, we saw a heavy hit of new development in late last year, it ramped up. And what we are seeing now as far as concessions in the marketplace, in those kind of places, is generally better than it was at that time. So they're still doing a month, two months free. It really depends on the submarket and market there. But there you're seeing that with that's how they're competing, it's just upfront discounts of concessions.
Thomas Grimes: No, I mean, DC has been steady for us. Our blended lease-over-lease rate rents for that group were 2 7. We continue to be pleased with the teams there and the redevelopment opportunity. And it is steady as it goes in DC for us.
Thomas Grimes: Those costs are not bought out, John. I mean, we have tagged them, but we're working with - I won't call, bought out, but fairly fixed pricing. And we have not seen the volatility in dealing with renovate upgrades there that we have - that I think the industry has experienced on construction costs. It's just - It has not been a factor or a risk of our return.
Thomas Grimes: Yes. I mean, I would tell you we don't have lumber in that number, we don't have concrete in that number and we don't have steel in that number. It's really appliances; in some cases, a countertop. And in sort of reskinning it [Technical Difficulty] and I think that's probably why it's different. I understand your point. It's well made. We just don't have a history of those costs trending in line with construction costs.
Thomas Grimes: Yes. I mean, what we're doing there is looking at the AXIO data over our broad markets, and then adding all of those markets up and comparing them. So this is not an asset-by-asset buildup, but it is a market buildup using that data.
Thomas Grimes: Those markets, it's down - I don't have the exact breakdown. But particularly, the way the Dallas supply hit last year was impactful.
