Eric Bolton: Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. FFO results for the quarter were ahead of our expectations as property operating expenses, interest expense and merger and integration costs all came in lower than expected. While leasing conditions across most markets reflect varying degrees of moderation as a result of increased levels of new supply, we continue to see strong demand across our markets with high resident retention and MAA’s balanced portfolio continues to capture solid results. We also terrific start with integration activities in our merger with Post Properties. The early results and improved operating efficiency and NOI margin enhancement are very encouraging. In the first quarter, our operating team was able to improve the NOI margin within the Legacy Post same-store portfolio 130 basis points as compared to prior year. Our initial efforts on the revenue side were focused on stabilizing occupancy, lowering exposure and reconciling practices associated with lease renewal pricing. During the quarter, our Asset Management Group was also completed the retooling of key market data within our revenue management system associated with each of the Legacy Post Properties. And as a result, we had into peak leasing season well positioned to optimize on pricing performance. Our operating teams have also captured some early wins on the expense side equation with renegotiated pricing and new contracts. We have much more left to accomplish and opportunity to harvest, but we’re certainly encouraged with early trends and the longer term opportunities to be captured in our merger with Post. Our unit interior redevelopment program had a record first quarter performance with over 1,500 units redeveloped significant rent bumps and attractive long-term prospects that Tom will outline in his comments. During the first quarter, substantial work was completed in initially scoping out this effort at a number of the legacy Post Properties and, as Tom will outline, the early indications are very promising. We expect to see this activity ramp up quite a bit at the legacy Post locations over the course of this year and throughout 2018. Al will walk you through our update of FFO guidance, but we’re encouraged with the start to the year. And while we did make some offsetting adjustments to same store revenue and expense performance assumptions, we continue to be comfortable with our initial guidance for same-store NOI or said another way, we are reaffirming our original same store NOI guidance of 3% to 3.5% growth over the prior year. With continued steady employment trends coupled with MAA’s diversified and balanced portfolio approach, and with the upside we expect the capture from enhanced operating efficiencies and margin improvement especially within the legacy Post portfolio, we are optimistic about our ability to drive NOI results as outlined in our guidance for the balance of the year. Good progress continues with our lease-up and new development pipelines and we look forward to getting those properties fully earnings productive over the next several quarters. As noted in our earnings release, we did make one acquisition during the quarter. It’s an opportunity very much in line with the investments that we’ve captured over the past couple of years, which was a newly developed property in its initial lease-up that had fallen out of contract earlier. The transaction market and pricing continues to be competitive as we’ve seen over the past couple of years and we will continue to be patient and disciplined in navigating through the pipeline of opportunities being presented. We are off to a great start for the year, and I appreciate the great results are being generated by our MAA associates as we deliver today, while also building for tomorrow. That’s all I have in my prepared comments. I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Eric Bolton: Nick, this is Eric. I’ll also add that, I mean the other thing, if you look at just the Post portfolio and the performance on new lease pricing in Q1, I would really characterize the performance by two things that went on. One is obviously that -- those are the submarkets where supply pressures are the greatest, and that was clearly evident. But, secondly, we also made a conscious decision in Q1 to focus our efforts on the Post portfolio towards stabilizing certain variables and positioning that portfolio for a more robust level of performance in the more important summer leasing season. So namely what we did as we focused on pulling exposure down, improving occupancy and, importantly, repopulating our LRO revenue management system with all the correct and updated data that was frankly lacking and so we’ve got all that accomplished in the first quarter. And as a consequence of that, we think that, that portfolio is a much stronger position as we head into, frankly, the more busier important season of the summer. The challenge you have is that when you do re-price some leases in that first quarter, I mean you kind of carry them over the quarters two and three. And so as we -- but we thought that was the right trade-off to make, and we certainly think that the benefits are going to begin really show up latter -- in later this year despite clearly there being more supply pressure in those markets, the submarkets. We think that there is real opportunity as the year plays out.
Eric Bolton: No, if you look at the key driver of sort of performance in that, the secondary markets, 2.9% effective rent growth, the large markets 2.9% effective job growth. If you look on the NOI side, you do see a trade-off that’s primarily expense driven and it relates to a prior year comparison when we received their credit last year that didn’t reoccur this year. So we’re pleased with where the revenue trends are in those areas, and believe places like Charleston just keep drawing jobs, building airplanes, building trucks, and building more of those, and it’s encouraging to see these secondary markets performance closing the gap.
Eric Bolton: Well, we’re not saying it’s a better option? What we’re saying is that the submarket and in the competition set that we’re competing with supports an ability to invest. And frankly, in those locations, we have to spend a little bit more on the improvement, but we’re getting commentary at higher level of rent bump as a consequence of the higher investment that we’re making and ultimately the IRR, if you will, is very comparable to what we’re see between both…
Eric Bolton: I don’t think so, Rich. We think that ultimately what drives our full-cycle performance profile, if first is really the focus on the region that we’re in, that I would argue offers some of the best job growth dynamics and ultimately demand dynamics for our product over the full-cycle. I think that the best way to manage through a down cycle is to really be well diversified and to have a very strong operating platform, and we think that with the combination of Post into our portfolio that in a lot of ways we further diversified who we are, while we certainly are in a lot of the same markets, we’re in different submarkets I -- and I would certainly argue that with adding Post 20,000 plus units to our existing 80,000 units, I would say it probably definitely adds more performance upside in a strong part of the cycle, early part of the cycle. I don’t -- it’s hard to argue just at a very high level that it may not weaken a little bit, the downside part. But we don’t -- protection if you will, but we don’t think so. So we’ve got as a consequence of still retaining a strong level of diversification in both inner loop and suburban and also being very well balanced now between, sort of, A and B price product and candidly having an operating platform that just keeps getting stronger and stronger and the balance sheet that keeps getting stronger and stronger, we think that the protection, if you will, during the down part of the cycle is the stronger and since it has ever been. And arguably, I would suggest that we may have improved our up-cycle or our product cycle performance profile a little.
Eric Bolton: Well, it is the stated goal, but first of all, it’s not two quarters, it is four months. Second of all, we think that the margin enhancement opportunity, as I said a moment ago, just if you step back and just remember that this Post portfolio is a portfolio that was carrying 44% higher average rent but yet MAA was getting 100 basis points higher NOI margin. There’s just a lot of opportunity, a lot of different places. And what, and so if you look at December, the month of December and look at first quarter, you have seasonal factors are going on there. So I wouldn’t read too much into that comparison. It’s more of a seasonal trend. I think as the year plays out and you can start to really get seasonal, take some of the seasonality out of the equation, you start we looking at year-over-year or comparable quarters year-over-year. I think that’s where you will really start to see some evidence of margin enhancement.
Eric Bolton: As you move into the third quarter you will start seeing it more as we, third and four for cash majority of those synergies for the year. So more heavily in those that period, John, I would say.
Eric Bolton: Con, we are exploring them. We haven’t really done anything at this point in terms of any commitments. The only thing that I suspect that we will get started this year is an expansion of community that we owned in Charleston that we closed on in December of last year that has a Phase II component to it. But we are, David and his team are pretty active out looking for opportunity at the moment. We haven’t really committed anything at this point. If we defined a very compelling site with an opportunity to get that site productive pretty quickly and it all make sense given where we are in the cycle, we wouldn’t hesitate to pull the trigger on it. But I think that one of the things going forward that will be very sensitive to as development is never going to be a huge part of who we are even if today at just over $500 million pipeline, it’s still constitutes about 3% to 3.5% of enterprise value. We think it will probably -- we would like to keep it in that range. So we’ll never -- we never see it approaching -- I don’t think we will ever see approaching 6%, 7%, 8% of who we are in terms of enterprise value. Secondly, one of the things that we’re going to be very focused on is ensuring that if any land position is taken, that it’s something that we’re confident we can get productive in short order within 12 to 18 months kind of time frame. Banking a bunch of capital in the balance sheet that is -- it’s not, sort of what we do. So that -- those principles sort of guide how we move forward.
Eric Bolton: Well, we have targeted in our guidance 125 million, 175 million of dispositions this year. We are about to come to market fairly soon with that group. There is some Dallas, Atlanta in that group. But we’re going to be approaching that in a fairly sort of study fashioned. We will -- we do have a goal over the next two to three years to pull down our exposure in Dallas and Atlanta just to really get the portfolio allocation where we are more comfortable with it. But there is no immediate plan to do anything radical in terms of a major shift. You will see that the steady work down over the next two or three years.
Eric Bolton: What we roughly expect and going forward new lease pricing will improve into positive and the renewals will remain strong.
Eric Bolton: Sure. They are, we’ve got Post continues its improvement from May to 59. Mid-America continues above 6. June is a little early to tell, but I want expect those trends to continue.
Eric Bolton: We’re absolutely to that and we are comfortable with that. And we were very encouraged to the first quarter that we had a little quicker start on the expenses that we have thought, that’s even add to that curve. But a large part of that still going to be in the back half of the year as we really begin to compound the revenue improvements somebody’s things that Eric and Tom will talk about in the third and fourth quarter.
Eric Bolton: And that transition is really just an upgrade in systems that gets early fourth quarter or early first next year.
Eric Bolton: Well, certainly the combined balance sheet of the two companies has certainly resulted in a much stronger consolidated balance sheet and we, as Al mentioned, will be approaching the bond market later this year as a consequence of putting the two companies together. As you recall, when we closed the merger, S&P upgraded us to the third run of investor grade that day. Moody’s did so recently. And we sliced off a fair amount of interest expense on an annual basis just as a consequence already and we think going forward that will continue to pay some benefits. I would tell you that other than the NOI opportunity, the redevelopment opportunity is quite significant and as Tom mentioned in his comments, that is proving to be, just I think that opportunity is going to be bigger, far better than we ever really imagined it would be. So we’re very excited about what we see happening there. And that’s something that will play out frankly over the next three or four years. And beyond that then I would tell you was one of the benefits of putting the Post platform with MAA was frankly just another opportunity to deploy capital in accretive manner through new development. And at this point in the cycle, we’re being pretty careful about any commitments in terms of cranking up anymore new development. But we’ve certainly again believe that, that platform supported by our operating platform and balance sheet is going to be another component of long-term value creation that we’re very attracted to.
Eric Bolton: Not that you’re not already aware of, Rob. I mean that sort of bucket core door is seeing the expected level of supply come onboard. Same with uptown in Charlotte and inner loop Dallas, let’s say. But, I think largely, we were beginning -- we felt that and we will continue to and then it improves in ‘18.
Eric Bolton: But you also have more leasing velocity that takes place in the summer months as well. If you go demand picks up, but in the summer months versus the winter months.
Eric Bolton: Well, all I can really speak to is our Sunbelt markets in the Southeast. What I can tell you is yes. I mean all of the developers that we talked to continue to indicate that financing for construction projects is becoming more difficult to achieve. More equity required, lower loan to values, requiring them to either introduce more equity into the transaction and or bring in some sort of mezzanine financing to bridge their funding needs net-net, putting pressure on returns. And so, I think that evidence is starting to manifest itself, as I mentioned earlier, permits so far this year are down 10% versus where they were last year. And when you look at the current pipeline and deliveries that we know are going to come online as we headed into the next year, known deliveries are down next year from what we’re seeing this year. So I continue to believe that there is a likelihood that we are likely to see the worst of the supply pressure this year. Things can change, as I said earlier. But based on everything that we’ve got visibility on right now, there is nothing that causes us to believe that supply pressures are headed towards in acceleration in 2018.
Eric Bolton: Well, it’s -- we are looking at a lot of things right now. And we continue to have -- I think more opportunities are being brought online in terms of development and lease-up is underway. And I think just as we get later in the year, the opportunities become more compelling, because we often see in the first, let’s call it six months of the year, that people that plan to sell tend to get out there and market their opportunities broadly to the market. And often we see a lot of deals go under contract in early part of the year that for a host of reasons don’t get close, and then as we get into Q3 and Q4, the opportunities often come back because they fall out of contracts. So we just tend to be much more successful in leveraging our execution capabilities and all cash acquisition capabilities and to sort of the value that were looking for in the back half of the year. And so as supply does sort of come online increasingly over the course of this year and we get into that busy season where, I think a lot of people are counting on a lot of good things happening. Undoubtedly, there is going to be, I think more opportunities that will become available later this year. So we’re going to be patient and see. I mean, we’re given sort of the scale that we have, the balance sheet that we have and the focus that we have on this region. We know the deals and in most cases everybody wants us looking at the deals. And our pipeline is fairly active right now. But we are being patient.
Eric Bolton: The answer is yes. So we think that we’ve got everything settled here at this point. These things are hard. I mean they’re just tough. And you’ve got two organizations, very proud. Post around for 40 years and quite a legacy and there is a lot of emotion in all of this. And so you sort of have the challenge to work through initially. Secondly, frankly, we just, at the property level and frankly at the corporate level, we approach the business in philosophically in some ways and in fact procedurally different. And as a consequence of those differences, we have different expectations for different positions. They may be called the same thing in both companies, but our expectations and the accountabilities that we establish in some cases were different. And so with those two factors, you have some people that sort of adjust and you have some people that don’t adjust. And frankly you have some people that are in positions that ultimately we conclude they are unlikely to be able to be a good fit for that position given sort of the way we expect the position to perform and so changes are made. So yes, we made again a conscious decision to address all that ASAP and we have made a conscious decision to address all that in the winter slower leasing season. And I would tell you at this point we are set. We feel like, I mean we’ve got a great team of folks in place. We’ve got all of the, sort of the onsite leadership stabilized and we think we’re in a great position as we had into the summer months now.
Tom Grimes: Sure Nick. This is Tom. In the, so for revenue expense NOI and ARU for those revenue, revenue was 1.3 for Post and MAA was 3.3.
Tom Grimes: Well said, we are excited that we able to put out more capital at very strong returns in general. That helps our value production.
Tom Grimes: I think important to look year-over-year we improve the margins of total same-store about 60 basis points and for the whole portfolio 130 on the other side of the portfolio.
Tom Grimes: It is probably the widest we’ve seen in this cycle, but it is always widest at this time of the year. The gap gets wider and the slower winter months and then it tightens in the summer months.
Tom Grimes: Operating trends on the D.C. market are positive. I think you know Ron and the team there are a stable good bunch. And I think we see steady improvement in that area and are thrilled with the redevelopment opportunity. So I think strengthening is how I would characterize that improving.
Tom Grimes: Yes, sure, Gaurav. When we look on a seasonal basis, it’s a really following the trend with the sharpest improvement in those areas where Post and MAA overlap. So with the upswing, it is Atlanta, Dallas, Orlando, Tampa, where we’ve seen sort of the biggest changes.
Tom Grimes: And then Houston drops in half again and Nashville drops off by 3,000 units. There are some bright spots out there as well.
Tom Grimes: It was fairly widespread. It was sort of probably weakest in Houston the gap wise and then strongest places like Tampa or D.C.
Tom Grimes: I mean, you’ve got there. I mean all of the pricing a lot of them, if you will, is driven by exposure. And what Eric was saying, we improve the exposure on the Post assets by 190 basis points and it’s now 7.2%, going into that season and that pushes the rates up on more people more aggressively.
Al Campbell: Nick, this is Al. That was really primarily related to new lease pricing as Tom mentioned in his comments. What we’ve seen in the early part of the year was new lease pricing and seasonally as it is negative beginning the year and begin in the 3% down range. But the other side of that is renewals were very strong. They were 6% over. And so what we had our forecast with expectation as we move in the March, move into the digital leasing season, the new lease price will begin to improve in the state; down the 3% range lower than we expected. Good news is as move into April, as Tom mentioned, we are seeing significant change and it did, and we did see the trends about to more than what we thought.
Al Campbell: Nick, this is Al. The basis of for that is really, we expect the legacy MAA portfolio to be strong in that initial 3% to 3.5% pricing range and to be for a stable through the year in revenue performance. But what you have as you had -- the Post portfolio came on board at lower point and we expect that to increase over the year, as we capture those opportunities for improvement that Eric mentioned and so that will continue and probably intensify in the third and fourth quarter. And so on our total performance for the adjusted combined portfolio, you will see continued slight improvement through the year primarily in third and fourth quarter making up that 2.8% to 3.2% range for the year. Than the net result is just not to be lost and as we tweaked the midpoint by 25 basis points, and we think that it’s a fairly modest adjustment, but we think it was a right long-term decision to make.
Al Campbell: There are two points on that one is we are seeing permitting trends in our markets across the portfolio -- combined portfolio, permitting is down 10% so far this year as compared to last year. When we look at deliveries forecast, based on the information we have for ‘18 versus ‘17, they are down. So we think that there is growing evidence based on permitting trends and forecast for deliveries, coupled with all the other information that we get from developers we talk to regarding construction costs and financing challenges so on and so forth, to believe that ‘18 is certainly not likely to be worse than ‘17 from a supply perspective. So, yes, I offer that first. Secondly, I mean clearly right now it’s the higher price point more urban-oriented locations where the supply is more evident. And we don’t see anything sort of indicating that there is a shift a foot to all certain developers redirecting their efforts on suburban locations and abandoning their urban locations. There is no evidence to support that and we certainly aren’t seeing it based on our markets and what we monitor. So we think that ‘18 is shaping up to be based, it’s early and these things can change, of course. But based on everything, we have to work with right now, there is a lot of evidence that ‘18 deliveries or will be lower than ‘17 deliveries. And assuming the economy continues to show progress, when you look at the ratio of jobs to deliveries, ‘18 is projected to be slightly better than ‘17.
Al Campbell: Well, I think that, I would read too much into Q1, but just because it tends to be a slower transaction quarter anyway. We tend to do much more, get busier and get more opportunity or deals that going to contract, the first part of the year fallout and we tend to be more successful in the back half of the year. Having said that, catalyst, I think it’s going to be, just as we get later in the cycle, later this year, maybe event to the next year, some of these lease-ups that are underway or perhaps there is more of them out there now than there has been historically. We think that creates some level of pressure. It certainly creates pressure on some of these lease-up in terms of pricing that we’re hoping to get lease-up that we’re hoping to achieve. And if you throw a little prospect of rising interest rates on top of that, collectively that may start to create the catalyst that creates more compelling buy opportunities. Having said that, we certainly see, as I mentioned in my opening comments. We certainly see or lot of investor interest that still pretty strong out there for multi-family. So we haven’t really seen as a cap rates that move a little bit. I would suggest that maybe the number of people at the table putting bids and maybe down slightly from what we saw a year or two ago. But the people that are there are still pretty aggressive overall. And so, we’re staying patient. But I think this is we get later this year into next year, there may be little bit more opportunity that makes sense for us.
Al Campbell: Well, first of all, we weren’t surprised by anything in the first quarter. We elected to make a conscious decision to, as we got into the Post portfolio, and remember when we closed on it in early December, but as we got into it, what we believe that the thing to do was to really position the portfolio for stronger performance in the busier summer leasing season. Having said that, what gives us confidence that we will see some pickup is frankly, we’re heading into the busier summer leasing season where leasing velocity and demand tends to really pick-up. And we think that, that coupled with candidly, what we do see are some comparisons in the Post performance from last year, and the way that we executive with LRO, supply pressures notwithstanding, we think that getting to that midpoint of the range the we revised 2% or 3% is something that we feel pretty confident. And having said that, as Tom mentioned, I mean in his comments, I mean the progress that we’ve seen on renewal pricing in the Post portfolio is pretty impressive. And recognizing that we’re renewing a bigger component of our portfolio than we ever have, that’s helpful. And so I think that there is a lot of trends that -- one other thing as I think it’s important that not to get lost in all this, because when you look at the Post portfolio, not could be lost in sort of the opportunity that we’re underwriting here, is recognizing with that portfolio prior to the close of our merger was carrying an average rent level that was 44% higher than legacy MAA, 44% higher rent. But yes, we were capturing a 100 basis points higher NOI margin. We think that spells opportunity.
Al Campbell: Sure. When you think about Houston, we want you to think about it is 3.5% of our net operating income first. And then what I would say is, with the Post merger, we picked up more or exposure really in the same-store group for the first time in interloop and had some significant stabilizing to do there and the trends are improving their both in terms of occupancy exposure and asking rents. But we don’t see Houston coming out of the woods this year. On home buying, it’s been in line with our other groups. It’s not booming on home buying and it’s not well under, it’s running about 20%.
Al Campbell: It’s about a 10% bump versus, let’s say 9%. But it’s larger dollar figures on the whole risk spending. The Post locations are just spectacular. I mean we’re little gave you about it. And with that we’ve got people building high-rises next door to us that gives us the freedom to go in and put in brand in most of them and do a little bit more robust and like an $8,000 innovate, we’re getting $150 improvement versus probably an $80 redevelopment and $90 improvement. So significant.
Al Campbell: Sorry. Its larger in terms of, the numbers are larger and the opportunity as a percent of the portfolio is larger.
Al Campbell: I’ll just -- what we as Eric mentioned earlier, what we’re trying to do with that is because we saw those new lease pricing trends go a little further into Q1 at the range they were than we expected, that have some impact in the future as our leases re-price, so we’re just dialing at in Richard we’re going to do that. That we were very excited to see as we got in the expense side contract opportunity that were glad than we saw, so we were very glad to see the offset, but really they are unrelated.
Al Campbell: Renewals were about where we expected them. In Austin I think we expected to be able to make improvement on the Post side and then America side has been solid in that 6% to 6.5% range for some time.
Al Campbell: We have transitioned the revenue management platform. Work got done in the first quarter or on one system.
Al Campbell: It’s more the back office accounting and then also the property management system that is where the leases are contained separately. Other all system kind of sits on top of that. Its own function and that is combined and working well.
Al Campbell: The only market I would add that worth monitoring is Dallas. I think that Dallas inner loop area is getting a fair amount. So we will keep an eye on that one. But I would agree. I think all of the others are there is no reason to expect that it is going to deteriorate from where it is today.
Al Campbell: That was to the negative side unfortunately on that and I think but really what that is as we just moved our range to 5.5% to 6.5% with 50 basis points increase and we still feel good about the expectations for tax rates and the valuations. It’s really more related to as we get information get into it. We think we may have little less favorability on appeals that we’re making that will fall into favorable results in ‘17 from ‘16 than we had in 15 to ‘16 and so we feel like overtime into it, as we go forward, tax rates will continue to moderate a little bit, but in ‘17 we have a little bit of noise.
Al Campbell: Benefits that we’re seeing in getting earlier on some of the synergy opportunities have been really, really good, Rob. And so we’ve been able to get into contracts with contract labors and our vendors and insurance pricing have been able to get favorability early than we expected, maybe little more than we expected and so that more than offset that pretty increase in real-estate taxes and expenses.
Al Campbell: Well, it basically if in the first quarter, let’s just say that over the course of the year, you have 100% of your leases to renew, or to, or 100% of units to reprice. In the first quarter you’re going to reprice, I don’t know, 20% of them, 18% of them. In the second and third quarter, you’re going to reprice 65%, 70% of them. And so we would rather reprice or be in a position, stronger position to reprice when you’re going to be repricing a higher percent of your portfolio over the course of the year. So you can, if you will, sacrifice a little pricing on a smaller portion of the portfolio in order to gain more robust pricing on a bigger percent of the portfolio in the second and third quarter and net-net for the year come out with the better results.
Al Campbell: And we believe there is a non-market opportunity there. Going back to Eric’s point about the margin, we feel like there is rent gap to close based on the progress that we’re making on a renewal side of Post and where we look at where those units are price in the market that and when you add in redevelopment, that we can grow the Post new lease trends is greater than market opportunity.
Al Campbell: In April, just to follow-up with your point. In April, as Tom said, we did see about 200, 190 basis points swing in that. We usually see that in March a little earlier with those points. Q - Dennis McGill Yes.
Al Campbell: No, not really. I think that -- I mean again it’s -- I think we were focused on not only the market conditions but the other sort of thing that we alluded to is that -- we had we made a conscious decision to address what we felt like were some weakness in exposure and occupancy levels that we wanted to get addressed and before we head into that busier season, And I think also, as Tom alluded to, we also made a conscious decision to really focus on renewal practices in a very aggressive way in the first quarter and we’ve seen great results as a consequence to that. So I think that what we’re talking about here is a balance as a fairly modest level of adjustment, 25 basis points in terms of a midpoint adjustment on revenue expectations. It really just gives us back to, we just -- I think the supply levels broadly have just put into the slower leasing season of the first quarter combined to just create a little later in the quarter pickup in pricing trends, on new lease pricing than what we typically see. And as Al alluded to, April was a significant jump in improvement and we usually see that earlier in the first quarter and so just a little later as a consequence of supply terms.
