Eric Bolton: Thanks, Tim, and good morning. We were pleased with the solid results for the second quarter with FFO performance ahead of our expectation. Pricing momentum continues to move in a favorable direction and occupancy remains strong. Our portfolio of properties balanced across various sub-markets and price points of the Sunbelt region, combined with our strong operating platform, continues to demonstrate an ability to better tolerate the elevated pockets of new supply present in several markets. The integration of the Post portfolio is making terrific progress. And as expected, the emerging positive trends in higher rents and occupancy are starting to build momentum. The initial opportunities surrounding expense synergies, resulting from our reconciling operating practices and taking advantage of our larger scale, have yielded some early wins on operating expense performance. We expect these trends to continue over the balance for the year into 2018. While, it’s clear the current new supplied trends have caused some moderation from last year’s rent growth results, especially for new moving residence, we continue to believe that at this point in the cycle our legacy MAA portfolio locations continue to offer some offsetting balance or protection against the new supply pressures, which are more evident within the legacy Post of market locations. Our property teams are doing a great job in taking care of our existing residence with renewal lease pricing across the combined adjusted same-store portfolio continuing a solid trend in the 6% range with a steady pattern of improvement and renewal pricing being generated out of the legacy Post portfolio. Resident turnover remains low with 12 month rolling turnover rate at 50.9% halfway through the year, essentially matching last year’s performance of 50.8%. So overall, while leasing conditions have become more competitive when compared to prior year, we continue to believe that a combination of our balanced portfolio, focus on solid employment growth markets of the Sunbelt, coupled with the growing margin expansion opportunities from our merger with Post, will yield continued FFO growth and NOI performance that are in line with our expectation. The transaction market remains highly competitive as investor capital and interest in the multifamily market continues to outpace opportunities being brought to market. As noted in our earnings release, we did not make any acquisitions during the second quarter. However, we continue to underwrite quite a few deals, and we’ll continue to be patient and disciplined in our underwriting as more new development projects are brought to market over the back half of the year. Our lease up and development pipelines are making solid progress. The six new properties currently in lease up were 82.5% occupied at the end of the second quarter, and we expect to stabilize four of these communities in the current third quarter. Our six projects remaining under construction are also making solid progress with additional leasing just getting underway now in Austin at Post Afton Phase II and in Atlanta at Post Millennium Midtown. So in summary, we like the momentum we’re seeing during our peak leasing season and we remain excited with the upside opportunities to capture over the next couple of years from our merger with Post Properties. Our balanced portfolio of properties and strong operating platform continue to demonstrate an ability to deliver stable results through the cycle. Before I turn over the call over to Tom, I do want to express my appreciation to our entire team here at MAA. I appreciate your efforts over the busy summer leasing season, and not only delivering great performance today, but also your extra efforts focused on completing our merger and consolidation activities, which are further strengthening MAA’s platform for the future. And with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Eric Bolton: And Nick, this is Eric. I would also add though that we also feel very confident in the expense guidance that we have out there as we talked about. We’ve seen some real opportunities emerging on that side of the equation. And as a consequence of that, we feel very confident where our NOI is likely to come out this year relative to expectation.
Eric Bolton: I think that the trend will continue, at this point in the large markets, it's a supply issue. And the opportunities in the Post portfolio will add over time as revenue builds. So I think this is a place where I think those performances will -- that gap will narrow overtime as we get the Post revenue process rolling along.
Eric Bolton: Nick may be a good example of that would be in our DC market. That is a place where folks are arguing between whether it’s a bad market or a mediocre market. But our Post blended rents for that market for the second quarter were up 4.6% and we feel good about the opportunities that we see in this Post portfolio.
Eric Bolton: By definition to some degree is the surprise given that was above our range. But we knew that the pricing would be good, just frankly turned out to be a little bit better than we expected. We do have two other dispositions that we have planned for this year, both around the contract, both our legacy MAA locations, both are in the Atlanta market. And we should have those closed sometime in the fourth quarter.
Eric Bolton: Look, two things, one is that, we do think that the deals being brought to market are more likely to get to grow as opposed to shrink as more supply continues to come on line. So we just think that there will be more opportunities coming into the market. And secondly, historically, for the last several years, we’ve always had more success in making acquisitions in the back half of the year as compared with the first half of the year. We just find developers and sellers are little bit more motivated as we approach year end. And so we, for those two reasons, we’re hopeful that we will continue to be able to capture opportunity in the range that we’ve given.
Eric Bolton: I would tell you much like our portfolio spread throughout the Sunbelt that portfolio in DC is spread throughout. So there is a little bit -- there is some Northern Virginia exposure, there is Alexandria exposure. We’re right there of the river and Pentagon City that has some, obviously, some military exposure to it. And there is a little bit in Maryland. So frankly, it spread across the group. The one consistent opportunity though is that one I think is pricing or two consistent opportunities that we see are pricing practices and redevelopment in those areas. And that’s honestly where our optimism about DC comes as we see opportunities operate differently. And that gives us an outside of the market growth opportunity.
Eric Bolton: They all vary, some just in -- we just didn’t feel like those were size fit that would make sense for us to build out. And some of it is still some legacy, so if we picked up from Colonial. But largely, these are out parcels that for a host of reasons, we just don’t feel like make sense for us to develop.
Eric Bolton: We would like to and we are actively working to find opportunities to start to repopulate that pipeline with projects. And David Ward and his guys are out looking at a number of opportunities right now. We’ve got a couple of parcels of land that we do own that we do feel like will make sense to develop on, one in North Dallas. In particular, I’m thinking about, there is an opportunity that we are actively working on in Raleigh, another opportunity we’re looking at in Denver. And so we do believe that over the course for the next six months, we will start to begin to slowly repopulate that pipeline. Looking at deliveries that would then probably come online in early -- mid-year 2019 is what we’re working on at this point. But we intend to have something approaching no more than 3% to 4% of enterprise value, I mean, which is kind of where we are right now, really at about 3% of enterprise value. In terms of the development exposure, as you point out, that’s going to dwindle down next year. But we hope to get it back in 2019 and beyond.
Eric Bolton: No, these would be really depend -- I mean, a couple of them are where we would be the developer. And we are having conversations with several folks right now along the lines of what we’ve done in the past where it’s a pre-purchase of something with the merchant builder or pre-purchase to something they’re going to build. Those things get complicated sometimes in the negotiations in terms of lease-up and so forth. But we will be pursuing both where we will be the developer, we will not be the general contractor ever, but we would be the developer. And we’re also looking at some pre-purchase of things to be built.
Eric Bolton: We’d be fine. I mean we were absolutely fine with our legacy MAA structure and balance sheet. I mean what Post brought, frankly, was an opportunity to be a little stronger in different part of the cycle than what legacy MAA would be on its own. And brought, as I’ve mentioned in the past, also another mechanism, another avenue of opportunity for us to grow externally and deploy capital through development. But this is a part of the cycle where the legacy MAA assets on a combined basis tend to hold up a little bit better as demonstrated by the fact the secondary market group outperformed the large market group in the quarter. So we don’t view Post, the addition of the Post assets, is coming to the rescue at all. We view that as addition to post assets as an add-on to what was already a pretty strong full stock performance profile that’s only gotten stronger as a consequence of adding assets and locations that will give us more exposure, better performance doing in different part of the cycle.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think that there has been another simple change, Rich, in two ways; one, we just see a lot more people that we used to see, having these meetings and whether it’s NAREIT or any of these other conferences that we attend; property tours have really picked up. And so we’re seeing a lot more people, different groups of people that we’ve seen in the past. And secondly, we’ve always believed that our strategy and our approach in the way we think about creating value over the long haul has a strong appeal to the generalist investor, if you will. And so the opportunities that we have to tell our story and to talk about the track record and the philosophies that we bring to the multi-family RIET space, I think, it continues to resonate pretty well with this group. And so we’re excited about the positive impact long-term and we think from being exposed to this more generalist crowd.
Eric Bolton: Probably Tom and I can tack in this. But it's primarily coming from quicker capture of the Post opportunity. We had lined out both revenue and expense synergy opportunities and we had about $4 million to $5 million that we capture in 2017 with the other $10 million or so, $8 million to $10 million capture in 2018. And what we laid out initially was probably two-thirds will come from revenue and one-third comes in expense in 2017. I think we’ll probably see that flip-flop. We probably see two-thirds come from expense as we really had good opportunity on that early and one-third from revenue this year with the revenue opportunity over the full period being actually there may be little more, and some of that will come in ’18.
Eric Bolton: We generally think about -- when we’re talking about development costs, we generally think about in terms of per unit. When we think about rents, it’s a combination of -- it depends on the nature of the conversation we have. We do think a lot about per square foot rent levels out in the market and do some comparisons like that. But it, on balance, I would tell you whether we’re modeling on development or thinking about competitive position in the given market, on rents to see on per square foot basis. And then we’re talking about acquisition costs, development costs, as we think about on a per unit basis.
Eric Bolton: It is not equal as you mentioned, and now just a few of them. At Atlanta, good job growth at 2.6%, but the bulk of the supply is really concentrated in that bucket P3 Road area, so in our loop and that’s affecting those Post assets. The 85 Corridor or 75 Corridor, those are all -- seen much less in the way of supply. I think completions in Atlanta will have about 8,600 that will drop next year to 6,500. And then you mentioned Charlotte and it’s for sure a tougher uptown, downtown picture with rent growth in the suburbs closer to 4%, and it’s flat in the downtown area. And then Dallas is probably the market where we would expect to see more supply coming up next year, maybe about 2,000 units or so. And it’s a little more wide-spread. It is focused in that Downtown corridor and then runs up a bit to point down to Frisco and [44.21] a bit.
Eric Bolton: Post is a current drag on revenues, frankly. And that’s why we’re so excited and you see the differential between the numbers that I mentioned earlier, the 350 basis point improvement on rents from the first quarter to July. We feel like that is non-market related and we’ve got the opportunity to push outside of that. But Post assets baked in pricing materially slowed our large market group and our overall revenues. And we are quickly, I think, unlocking the value pushing new lease rates up, pushing renewal rates up, which translates into blended rent increases that just takes time to compound and drive revenues up.
Eric Bolton: Buck, I would tell you that we haven’t seen anything that would suggest developments getting easier. I think all signs continue suggest that if anything, it's harder. You mentioned construction costs associated materials and labor. Labor, in particular, I think is the area that is continuing to become increasingly problematic for developers. But what we continue to hear also is just that securing financing continues to be a challenge. It’s available but certainly more expensive than it used to be, and the loan proceeds that one can achieve, is not as great as it used to be is what we consistently hear. So as I mentioned, we are out looking at a number of opportunities and modeling a lot but as it is on the acquisition side, development is hard to pencil right now on a basis that certainly for near term deliveries that makes any sense. So I think that, on balance, I think the pressures are higher to support development today than they were a year ago.
Eric Bolton: Well, we think through is a combination of both acquiring existing stabilized assets acquiring current lease up properties or to be built properties plus what we could do on the development side that that’s the market that offers enough opportunity that we could get to scale that make sense for us there. We’re going to be patient with it. It's not something we feel like we have to accomplish in the next year. So we’re going to be very, very consistent in our underwriting and our approach to thinking about how we grow our presence there. We do like the dynamics of that market long-term. I think it does add some diversification to our portfolio that creates some benefits and so -- but we’re going to be patient with it. But whether it's buying or building, we think the market will yield enough opportunities to make it worth our effort.
Al Campbell: Nick, this is Al. I’ll tell you, if you remember we talked about in Q1 that what we needed to see for the rest of the year for our revenue guidance, it was to see renewals continue to be very strong about 6%, which we definitely saw in the second quarter, about 6.3% on average. And we needed to see that new lease pricing, which was down little longer than we expected in Q1 and continue to see those positive trends that we began to see in April. And we did see that in May, June and I think Tom mentioned July, and a very strong -- renewals were strong over 6% and new leases moved to positive territory, lending to about 3.1%. So that’s all the positive change that we needed to see in terms of the back half. We need to continue to see that blended rent in the below the 3% range. We expect to see that from a couple of reasons; one, the MAA portfolio is very stable, very strong; we expect it to have some seasonality as we move through the back of the year; but hold strong in terms of renewals and new lease pricing; then, we expect to continue to capture some of the opportunities in revenue on the Post side really supporting that further. And so the combination of those two gives us really firm support for our belief in the revenue guidance that we’ve got. I would tell you, we expect it to grow as we go through the year. I think our expectations for Q3 are 2.5% to 3% range-ish and Q4 are 3% to 3.5% as we continue to capture those synergies that we talked about.
Al Campbell: Let me just add a point on that too, Nick. I am sure you could do the math on that. So to Eric’s point, NOI is where we are year-to-date and what we expected here. We expect to be well into the range on that, expenses are coming on fast and we’re having a really good performance in that, as Tom mentioned. So that likely will come at first lower end of the range. And the revenue likely as well, given the first half year results and the projections I just talked to you, will probably be lower end of range as well, supporting well into range on NOI.
Al Campbell: I would tell you, Nick, that I think that absent the opportunity embedded within the Post portfolio, the delta between the large and the secondary markets are probably continue to play out as if we saw in Q2 for a while, given the supply dynamics that are going on with these larger markets having more supply. But the operating opportunity upside in the Post portfolio is going to really, we think, become increasingly evident in our results over the next several quarters. And likely, will offset some of that supply pressure to the point that we may see large markets resume outperformance in the secondary markets a little quicker than regular supply dynamics would support.
Al Campbell: And talking about the decline in revenue from Q1 to Q2, it really bodes down to the pricing -- new lease pricing that we had in Q1. If you remember, we talked about the fact that new lease pricing is typically negative with the first part of the year. But our experience in Q1 was it stayed negative for the quarter long that we expected. Good news was as we moved in April we saw that trend change and move in a positive direction. But that impact of Q1 really does leases fully rolled into our portfolio in Q2. And so that’s when we felt the most impact from that period of time. And in fact, we expected Q2 to be our lowest revenue quarter for the year that was when the big surprise for us. But we also knew that the trends that we expect for the rest had begun in April. We saw that in May, June and even July continue. And so it impacted Q2 the most. We feel good about momentum in the portfolio going into the back part of the year.
Al Campbell: And at this point, Rob, we’d effectively brought the Post portfolio on top of it, slightly ahead of the MAA legacy portfolio. And as you remember, we talked about that over time over the first 12 to 18 months we expected that Post portfolio to actually exceed maybe 100 to 150 basis points because it well should given the rent structure of that portfolio. So we’re well, call it halfway there and we feel very good about that.
Al Campbell: No, I think there is totally -- there is a different product type and even location in those two portfolios on average. So I think that’s built-in. And I think there’s not tremendous difference right now, Rob. I think the opportunity on the real estate tax side is not a situation we go and can change valuations very quickly. It’s going to take time where our approach was a constant downward pressure and we think overtime that bought better results for us. I think what we’ll see on the Post side of the business is maybe that constant downward pressure result in improvements over the next few years. But right now, on a relative basis not a significant difference than what we’ve felt.
Al Campbell: I think what’s built into our expectations of back half of the year is largely MAA portfolio continue to stay pretty stable with a slight seasonality as we expect. But remember through from April through June, July, the MAA portfolio was 3.3%, 3.5% in lender rent growth, so very stable. And we expect it to stay stable, maybe moderating a little bit. But then support coming from continued capture of the post synergies in the back half. So I think we expect revenue to be in third quarter to be higher in the second quarter, and then fourth higher than the third, and so the continued trend in that. The one seasonal item that I will bring out that I would remind people of that will make, if you don’t remember, it may look unusual. Last year, Post had a very significant reduction in real estate taxes in the third quarter, a 10% reduction as every quarter and adjustment in that quarter. So one thing we’ll see moving to third quarter is our expenses. I think they’ll still be around -- they’ll still be not outsized significantly but that would impact that. I think our NOI for the third quarter will be slightly impacted that, maybe the lowest for the year I think coming back in the fourth quarter being the strongest in the year. And so those are the general trends that we expect.
Al Campbell: I think what we’ve seen so far is the first part of the year was where the spread was really large that talked about the Q1 was the big, the new leases are down. And what we saw was just on blended proposed, I mean, just blend from there I think is a best way to think about it. We were below one blended negative one for three, almost four months in a row through April but they only moved into May and we went positive 0.7, positive 1.3 in June and move to July, positive 2.6. So that’s a very good trend and that’s where the momentum we’re talking about building. It definitely has been a drag on MAA’s performance but the momentum and the positive aspects of what we’re doing and proxy forms is definitely kicking in, and now we expect it to drive some performance in the second half.
Tom Grimes: We’re a net rent shop, so can say, every number that we give you on the rent, lease-over-lease or ERU or effective rent per unit is all -- has all concessions in that number.
Tom Grimes: I think, frankly, it works as we expected. We are seeing pressure in those areas. We’re still optimistic, I think, Charlotte is a different story than what’s a Austin and it’s more bifurcated between the Downtown pressure where the suburban assets are doing a bit better. But not much on the large market side surprises us, John.
Tom Grimes: We’ll grab that. But at the initial, it was 100 basis points and we’ve closed -- I mean, we frankly exceeded that two quarters in a row with improvement of 130 basis points on Post each quarter.
Tom Grimes: I think that’s later in’18, Rob. I mean what happens when you can get in and move the expense side down, we saw quick early wins there and jumped on that immediately. The pricing trends we love, but that’s pricing trends on a month or a quarter and it just takes some time for all that to come down through. So we’re doing great on expenses and we’re right where we would expect to be on revenues on post portfolio that just takes longer.
Tom Grimes: I think there is probably 10 to 20 basis points in the fourth quarter, in the third quarter, both portfolios had really strong years last year. And so that will be a difficult comp.
Tom Grimes: At this point, yes, it is. I mean we’ve been studying that market for quite some time. As I think you may recall, Post had a development there that we’re already committed to. There’s another site that we have under contract, the post had on contract that we like very much. And so the short answer is, yes, that’s the market that we expect to grow in.
Tom Grimes: Of that pipeline that I mentioned on the legacy MAA portfolio of roughly 15,000 units, that is primarily the Colonial pipeline that we’re winding down. So we’ve still got room to run in that area.
Tom Grimes: We are paying a little bit more for our demand with increased search cost. So I would say, it is moderately harder to get people through the door, but certainly not impossible. And honestly, Conor, I hadn’t spent a ton of time really understanding that because the controllable easy opportunities are right in front of us and we’re kind of focused on that. I’m not willing to become the stage of the DC market, just yet. But we feel good about our opportunities there.
Tom Grimes: It was down 4%. And I don’t have the first quarter handy, but I think it was probably 200 bps, or so…
