Tom Grimes: Sure, David, it’s Tom. I’ll rattle those off on the first quarter on a year-over-year basis new lease rates were 3.8%, renewals 4.9%, blended 4.3%.
Tom Grimes: Total revenues were 4% to 5% for the year and it really is driven by pricing so, I would tell you that generally, yeah.
Tom Grimes: Right now, they’re staying pretty balanced and consistent. We’re not seeing anything closed certainly on that.
Tom Grimes: No, I mean, I think what you’ll see is the large margins begin to moderate as new construction comes and play and it will begin – you will begin to see the secondary markets begin to pick up a little bit as their advantage and deliveries begins to show. The timing on that couldn’t exactly predict for you, but we don’t think the Texas is going to roll the way Texas has been rolling for the infinite future is just being great for us, but at some point we’ll begin to moderate.
Tom Grimes: Yes, we would think that our crystal ball sometimes is foggy but that’s what we would anticipate at this point.
Tom Grimes: Sure, Rob, I mean, I have probably historically underestimated Texas’ strength a little bit, I mean, it is – it’s encouraging to see what it is continue to do and then I think Jacksonville is a real bright spot. I think a lot of folks have thought that it was not a great place to be and its performance was 5% revenue stable occupancy and growing rents is pretty encouraging. On the little bit slower side and not really surprising seeing some of the things – we would have expected I think the secondary markets to come in a little stronger in places like Columbus, Georgia but that is a market that has the ability to do great things, it’s just been a little slow lately.
Tom Grimes: It was up versus 2012, excuse me, honestly I don’t have that, I think it’s down, we are expected there is some moderation there first quarter, it was down of – first quarter of ‘12 was a little around 7% blended.
Tom Grimes: Hey, Dave, this is Tom. That hasn’t changed at all at this point in terms of move outs. Atlanta, I think it has the ability to pick up steam here in the very near future, we have one property that was off which was really some people changes that we’ve made adjustments on that pulled the market down a little bit and that group closed at 95.7 and we’ve got a nice pop and occupancy which will hope to drive revenues in Atlanta. Phoenix is an encouraging story all around, I’m optimistic about where it’s going particularly our assets to the north is surrounded by the great deal of infrastructure in business construction. So, well, with single family of rentals is the factor it is not at this point, the factor that’s changed much.
Eric Bolton: Yeah, I will tell you Rob, this is probably the biggest worry bead in the portfolio now to me would be Raleigh. I think that’s a market broadly just getting a lot of supply. It’s kind of all over the city and I think that’s probably one of the weaker markets I would expect over the next 6 to 8 quarters, but as Tom says Texas just continues to be quite strong. There is a lot of supply picking up in the Texas markets, but the job growth engine there is so robust it just continues to handle it. But all-in-all, we do think the secondary markets will continue to show growing strength as we get into next year in particular.
Eric Bolton: I think it’s getting tougher Rob. I was at a meeting last week with a number of developers talking about the growing pressures surrounding lumber costs and labor costs in particular and if the single-family housing market continues to pick up and you continue to see building taking place there, the labor situation for the multifamily developers is only going to get tougher. And I think that this rising pressure on construction costs and development costs could begin to act as a bit or a moderator to the level supply heading into ‘14, ‘15 kind of delivery. So, from a perspective of not being a big developer, I’m kind of encouraged to see these trends picking up. I think it is starting to create pressure and these fields are not penciling out as well as they were a year ago.
Eric Bolton: And frankly we’re seeing some of the life companies coming in increasingly to some of these markets offering some incredibly attractive terms 7.5, seven year money. And so we’re not seeing any financing issues that cause us to worry about our ability to continue to cycle capital out of these secondary markets.
Eric Bolton: They are certainly going broader than they have in the past I think because they see multifamily is a good industry in a pretty good yield and given the risk they are not going to go to some of the markets but they go broader than they have in the past which is supporting the market.
Eric Bolton: We would definitely expect the rent growth trajectory to be a little lower this year then it was last year so, that’s not unexpected but blended 4.3%, I don’t know off the top of my head what it was for Q1 last year, but it was I’m sure north of that.
Eric Bolton: Well, we are looking a lot of things right now, Mike, it’s – as I said pretty darn competitive. We still feel good about $250 million to $300 million guidance that we have out there. We’ve got couple of deals under contract currently that are going to due diligence so, I can’t comment on the certainty that they’ll close but they’re looking pretty good. I would tell you that we’re routinely seeing for the quality of the assets that were after the pricing in the large markets versus secondary markets versus secondary markets, the GAAP is probably around 50 basis points, I mean, pricing running 5.5% to 6% in the secondary markets and 5% to 5.5% in the larger markets and it’s particularly for the stabilized deals it’s super competitive, but pricing is holding up real strong.Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: I appreciate the color guys. Thank you.
Eric Bolton: But we definitely are feeling a lot of those phone calls, Paula and that continues to be our favored way pursing development opportunities. We – I’ll tell you I’m probably had a bit more cautious about it today then I would have been a year ago just given the volume that we are seeing – what we are seeing is increasing – increasingly more developers who are interested in a presale and taking the risk off the table sooner rather than later and so, we went to a period sort of towards the end of last year where the conversations were more around with the developers wanting to have a continued interest of some hype in the project sort of once we got stabilized, there were some sort of promoter, some sort of back-end opportunity that they could continue to participate in. Today, the conversation at least from what we are seeing is a little bit more urgent and they are not as aggressive about wanting to stay in and they are little bit more interested in wanting to get a certainty of giving out, which I think says something and about, sort of, what the developers, I mean there is obviously a lot of talk about supply so, I just think it’s a time to be prudent and cautious and we have not – we don’t have any other development situation or opportunities underway right now and if someone comes to us with a really compelling opportunity we would certainly have an interest in it, but we are – I think a lot of the supply that it’s going to get delivered in ‘14 and ‘15 is going to create some good buying opportunities, and we are okay with being patient.Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks very much. That’s all I have.
Eric Bolton: Not really I mean our disposition strategy is really built around the idea of continuing to cycle capital out of investments that we feel like have margins that we can do better with. And that really is to process that we go through to decide where – which assets to sell and it’s not so much a market driven decision as much as it’s after CapEx almost if you will and AFFO margin decision that drives our selection process. And so we’re selling in large markets and we’re selling in secondary markets but the idea that we need to monetize a bunch of investments because of some portfolios shift or strategic objective that we have we don’t really have that concern of that need. So we – that $150 million to $160 million maybe $175 million range it’s a level that we think is about what we’re very comfortable with, we’re comfortable with ability to redeploy that capital and keep manage the earnings process through this and so that’s kind of the way we’re approaching it and I think you will continue to see that over the next couple of years.
Eric Bolton: I think Dave just as you say talk about this lot. I do think that we continue to believe that the single family rental threat is not a meaningful threat for us. We’ve been at 6% of our turnover due to move outs for home renting for now probably 8 to 10 quarters. If that number would have – let’s say it moves to 8% and it’s never been that I don’t see a giving proportionately a lot of worsen it is right now, I mean, going back several years ago, the lowest it’s ever been is about 4% so, it’s kind of hang in a very steady level and I continue to just believe that people make their decisions in terms of renting a home versus renting apartment for a lot of lifestyle reasons and the people we’re catering to just really I think are going to continue to favor the apartment rental over the home rental.Dave Bragg – Green Street Advisors: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Eric Bolton: Yeah, sure. The portfolio average for rent income ratio is about 17%, which is still down from the 19% or a peak sort of the part of the recession and then March is, sort of today’s incomes on today’s rents is 16.7.
Eric Bolton: Buck, I’ll answer you on the taxes. In first quarter, given the – we have projected for the full year of about 6%, 5.5% to 6.5% guidance still believe that’s correct. The first quarter was little over 3% because of some of the credits we got because of the assessments and appeals that were favorable. So you can do some math on that. We are – we would say that the second, the third, and fourth quarter higher, probably second quarter 4% to 5% and little higher in the third and fourth, just because comparisons from credits and things we had in the prior year.
Eric Bolton: Thank you. I appreciate everyone joining us this morning and we’ll look forward to seeing everyone at NAREIT in a few weeks. Thanks.
Al Campbell: Well, thank you. First quarter was better than we expected. There is no question, Rob, and as we talked about really that was couple of things real estate taxes and really turn costs. And taxes are somewhat timing and that we’ve got some favorable appeals in the first quarter and we continue to expect pressure in the back half of the year, so it is somewhat timing. And on the turn costs we certainly have down in our forecast rising turn costs over this year as we talked about. We expect that will be the case in the second, third, and fourth quarters and especially as we get into more leasing activity in the second and third quarter. So, we saw some benefit in the first quarter that was some timing and some unexpected favorable surprise. And in terms of our guidance we carry that through the back half of the year that performance, but our same-store performance as it was is intact and so we expect it from the second quarter on to be about what we thought.
Al Campbell: Not really at this point Rob, we’re certainly seeing a lot of people bidding on projects we’re seeing pricing be about what we thought and as we reflect in our continued guidance. So, at this point we’ve really haven’t seen much impact in that.
Al Campbell: Tayo, this is Al. The $0.06 as you mentioned $0.03 call it same-store performance, $0.03 G&A and other items did carry through the year, but that’s all set by couple of cents of items that as talked about earlier and mentioned the Mike’s question. We are changing the timing of some of our transactions here, the bond transaction a little bit sooner, and if you saw we raised if you put together our plans this year and we talk about before we think we’ll need around $25 million in equity for the full year to maintain our leverage given the dispositions and everything we have going on. So, you can see we have done most of that in the first quarter. So, that was a little bit earlier than we had originally planned. Those two things cost about $0.02 neg against the $0.06.
Al Campbell: Sure. On the first quarter foot traffic was right where we needed to be to so essentially flat with last year and then really look at April is that it’s picked up a little bit on – in the 3% range, but just still positive and exactly what we needed to be.
