Tom Grimes: Thanks for asking that question, Karin. It’s two pieces of it and you mentioned one. Ancillary income is a component of that. We’ve been able to push through larger cable increases in our larger market groups and that’s showing up a part of it. And the other piece of it is we’re reporting our quarter end fiscal occupancy in our average fiscal occupancy for the quarter for the large markets group was up 70 basis points. So it’s a pretty big driver of it as well.
Tom Grimes: Sure. It’s continuing on with – it’s very good trajectory occupancy. At the same point, it was last year at 95.5%. And our renewal increases, we’re getting around a little above 6% right now.
Tom Grimes: Paula, it’s Tom. I think surprised not so much in fourth quarter because it’s been sort of the story all year down to flat, flat to down, down to flat. It’s not materially down to be honest with you, but it’s at an all time low. I think this time last year, I would have thought it would have picked up a little bit, but it’s not that surprising to be honest with you. As far as how it varies by market, we see a higher percentage in the large markets moving out to homebuyers and a lower percentage in the secondary markets.
Tom Grimes: Just none. And we’re really glad we’re not doing it because it seems like a very, very hard business to make money doing on an ongoing operating basis. But I mean there’s just not been that move-outs, renting homes has stayed between 5% and 6% for the last two years. I would think now is the best time it’s ever going to be to rent a home and it doesn’t seem to move the needle and certainly not with the folks that we’re renting to. My sort of sense is that home renter is most likely going to be an ex-homeowner and that people just want to be in a house aren’t coming back to us, they’re going to that pool.
Tom Grimes: It will be just sort of a continuation of what we’ve got, it will be on market rents between 4% and 4.5% and in terms of what average effective will be throughout the year. And then ask that question again about loss to lease – where we are loss to lease or is that sort of what’s baked in?Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, kind of what’s – kind of where does – what are portfolio rents like how much have you captured kind of what’s the earning in 2013 versus how much do you expect in terms of market? I’m just trying to walk through the dynamics of that.
Tom Grimes: Yeah. I mean a lot of it is based on the good work that was done this year on moving renewals and new rents out. So I think it’s a blended effort between new rents and renewals and that it’s – we’re probably 30% of the way done, something like that.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you much.
Tom Grimes: Sure. No, I think Raleigh is pretty encouraging on the job growth front, but it has some new construction coming into the market they were watching carefully. It tends to – it’s spread out a bit. It’s a little bit of exposure in our Brier Creek submarket, not so much in our Cary properties and virtually nothing that competes with the Hue, Downtown. So, we’re optimistic on that one. It’s been good for us. We think it’ll continue to put out good growth but not over-the-top growth. And Jacksonville is one where that opportunity is unique and we can go into that further if you want to, but it’s just, as Eric described in the call comments, sort of a super opportunity. But right now, Jacksonville is chugging along at 5% on a revenue growth rate, growth of 37 and occupancy at 96. And I think you’ll see out of markets like Jacksonville and Raleigh just kind of continued steady good growth. It is not going to compare to – it’s certainly not early in the year to Austin, Dallas, Houston, those kind of places. So I would expect it just to continue to do well. Nashville, we’re expecting to be strong again. It’s jobs to completions ratios, 8:1 and we’re pretty optimistic about what Nashville can do next year.
Eric Bolton: I would tell you, Karin, that we’re – as Al mentioned, we haven’t delved in any expectation starting anything new in this year other than the 220 Riverside project in Jacksonville. Having said that, we continue to look at a number of opportunities and developers continue to approach us. It’s conceivable that we might do another project or two. Broadly speaking, we are comfortable carrying roughly somewhere around $150 million to as much as $200 million of development on the balance sheet. We just continue to believe in the strategy for us that make sense is to be more focused on looking for opportunistic buys of some of these new constructions that is going to be coming out of the ground particularly in 2014 or 2015. We think that over time, we’re able to generate better returns for capital and certainly take on a risk adjusted basis that we’re better able to just be there in 2014 and 2015 while this new project comes out of the ground. All of it won’t work and there maybe some that ultimately provides a better way to bring that new product in the portfolio. Having said that, as I mentioned don’t be surprised if we announced another deal or two this year. But with the other projects leasing up as well as they are and the funding pretty well set, we feel like we could probably start another one or two if we find the opportunity.
Eric Bolton: Well, we don’t really, to be honest with you, Rob, we don’t have a core versus a non-core definition. For us, we don’t have really any desire to make any sort of strategic shift from our footprint, no strategic shift from our allocation between large and secondary. We like the strategy. Having said that, our disposition program is driven by, I believe though it’s just prudent to cycle out some of the large margin investments every year. We’ve gotten to a point now with coverage ratios and other aspects of the balance sheet now able to support a little bit more of a robust effort as it relates to recycling. We think going far for the next couple of years or more that something around $150 million to $170 million is likely what we will be doing every year going forward.
Eric Bolton: We have been looking more in Northern Virginia. We certainly don’t envision going into DC itself and I think that really doesn’t fit with what we’re trying to do from a strategy perspective. But, Northern Virginia certainly is a market that we continue to like. We’ve added a couple and are looking at some other opportunities up there now.
Eric Bolton: Well, broadly speaking, we think that given the ratio of new job growth to supply that I mentioned earlier, and the fact that the ratio is actually stronger in the secondary markets in 2013 as compared to what it was in 2011 and the fact in the large markets, that ratio weakened slightly in 2013 as compared to 2012, we don’t think that the gap gets any wider. We think that 2013 is probably an inflection year and that the secondary markets will perform in a more aligned or closer to the large markets. It just really depends on how much supply does come into some of the larger markets in 2014 and 2015. But I’d certainly expect that by the time we get to late in 2013 and into 2014 that the gap is fairly narrow between the two segments in terms of their performance. And just depending on, again, how the supply picture works out and how the economy and job growth picture works out, we very well could see the secondary market performance begin to pick up and surpass large markets at some point down the road. That’s really the piece of our whole strategy is to try to create a more, in aggregate stable level of performance by trading off a little bit between the large and the secondary markets.
Eric Bolton: Well, the expectation at least in our initial guidance that we won’t have any JV acquisitions is purely just a function of we think the market to buy and that those sort of value adds older properties which is what our JV is focused on doing. The pricing in that market is just really frothy right now and we’ve not been able to make any deals work as those projects are easy to finance. Frankly, buyers are able to get a little bit more creative with some of their underwriting. And we just see that the pricing is really tough to make work right now in that regard for the older products. JV for development probably not something we’re interested in doing. We continue to believe that the right approach for JV or for development is for us is essentially a pre-purchase model. It’s not to say we would never consider it. But at this point, it’s certainly not something we’re focused on doing.
Eric Bolton: Well, the market is pretty active. I mean our deal flow remains very, very full. We’re looking at a lot of different opportunities at the moment. I think that whether it’s the EQR transactions, or properties or whether it’s just capital broadly being drawn to the apartment sector, there is certainly a lot of capital in all the markets than we’re seeing more activity in secondary markets as well. As it relates specifically to the EQR assets, honestly, we’ve seen a couple of them. But for the most part, it’s really not the product that we’re targeting to buy. We’ve added a little over $1 billion worth of new assets in the last four years. The average age has been four years old. The product that we’ve been seeing that EQR is putting out there was 15 and in some cases 20 years old and that’s really not what we’re targeting to add to the balance sheet.
Eric Bolton: Well, we are selling more than we’ve ever sold. We sold more last year than we’ve ever sold in a given year and we’ll sell more this year. I think that to some degree it’s a function of also being able to redeploy those proceeds. We’re mindful of how much earnings dilution we’re willing to take in a given calendar year to complete this recycling effort. I would say that, we’re pretty comfortable executing at this level. Having said that, I mean, obviously, if we see an opportunity to sell two or three more assets than what we had contemplated, we certainly won’t hesitate to pull the trigger on that. But broadly speaking, we think that the volume that we’re contemplating is about right given our ability to reinvest the proceeds. As I mentioned earlier, we’re not under any sort of pressure. I don’t feel – we’re not trying to strategically change anything about our portfolio. We’re not trying to do anything fundamentally different. It’s really just a steady diet of continuing to recycle – harvest value, recycle into higher margin investments and we expect to be at this level for quite some time.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think that, I mean, as far as Dallas and Houston are concerned from a broad portfolio allocation perspective, we’re pretty much there. We started recycle some money out of Dallas little bit last year and the year before and Houston, somewhat similar. I would tell you that we’re looking at more opportunity in Austin and looking at a little bit more opportunity in San Antonio, two markets where our exposure from a portfolio perspective is not too great at this point. I wouldn’t see Texas broadly as a market that gets a lot more growth in our portfolio, but as you know it’s a pretty strong economy there and we like the long-term dynamics. We just have to be mindful of the supply issue from time-to-time.
Eric Bolton: Well, this is the Fund I JV that we had with Fannie Mae and we just approached them, and began conversations some months ago and just decided that – that’s a JV that we capped. It’s not active in the market looking to add any assets. They were interested in just cleaning that up and so we’re just going to buy them out of those two properties. Our other JV, Fund II that we have, it’s an active JV. It’s one that’s targeting the value-add reposition in place. It’s still – our partner is still very much interested in finding ways to deploy capital as we are, but as I mentioned, it’s just the pricing for those value-add opportunities is very, very competitive and we just didn’t feel comfortable forecasting any acquisition activity in that this year. But the assets that we co-own with them at this point, they’re comfortable continuing to own as we are and so that one is still active.
Eric Bolton: I think the size of the deal has been – frankly, several years ago, some of the deals that we’re buying were – had legal issues or financing issues and some of the legal issues were just a little bit more challenging. Frankly, going forward, what we’re seeing is things are a little cleaner and not nearly the level of distress and so, it may come down a little bit.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Eric Bolton: No closing remarks. Thanks, everyone, for joining us and we will be – you know where to get a hold of us if you need. Thanks.
Al Campbell: It is that the latest project is at the lower end of that, I think, because it’s a different point in the cycle. But 7.5% to 8% for that group is the right number.
Al Campbell: We’ve got a couple of things going on in Q1, Rob. One is a little bit of normal seasonality as the winter leasing season plays out in the first quarter, but then you have some timing as some SG&A cost really bigger in the first quarter related to some gearing work and some things that we had going on with our bond program this year that we expect in the first quarter. So that’s causing the largest part of that decrease. And I think to go beyond that to the bottom end of the range, you’d have to have some transaction timing that we have planned in the year be significantly different in that first quarter.
Al Campbell: Yeah. If you look at the quarterly guidance, I think for the year, yeah, you have to assume like you sold assets faster than we thought. We bought assets later than we thought, I’m taking for a negative result, and things like that. And then, obviously, our same-store performance that we didn’t quite meet the targets there that we had set out. We don’t think that’s the case, but that’s what the guidance range is there to cover.
Al Campbell: Well, that’s a good point. I think, in general, we don’t have to do anything in 2013. As you mentioned, we have no maturities, but we do have plans to continue our progress and do a couple of things. One, to continue increasing our unencumbered asset portfolio. As we talked about, our targets are 55% to 60%, which we think is – 60% is where long-term we think we want to be. Also to increase our fixed rate protection, so we think that in the end of the year, we’ll be closer to somewhere call it 93% to 95% of our debt fixed and which is taking a little bit higher. It’s a good time to do that and it’s something we want to do to protect the balance sheet. So, I think those two things are part of our plans and to execute that we do plan to be in the – and obviously, we want to put our ratings, the progress that we’ve made to this point, it’s a good use in 2013. So we plan to go to bond market probably the back half of the year to do a transaction. A good way to model it would be a transaction that’s the minimal size to be index eligible at somewhere in treasury plus 200 basis points. Hope we can beat that, but given a first-time issuer in those kind of things, that’s kind of how we look at it and the plans that we have. And then also the funds of that will be used to knock down the 2014 maturity stock that you see there and get us ahead of that.
Al Campbell: Yeah. The guidance is to stay about where we are plus or minus a few bps. But 44% is sort of the midpoint of the guidance and that’s really our target.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Al Campbell: Well, I think we’ve already captured to the process on our credit facility 30 to 40 basis points, Rich, and that was – you need one – you need two ratings to do that. With this final rating, I think that the next step will be at full access on an efficient basis to the bond market should get you another 20 or 30 basis points I think. Now you may not see all of that the first issuance but certainly as you become a seasoned issuer that’s very realistic, I think. So that’s the goal.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And last question is on the same-store guidance of 4% to 6% NOI. How much would that be if you kind of took out the ancillary stuff in the revenue line, would it be 100 basis points less or maybe not that much. Can you just kind of...
Al Campbell: Maybe 40 to 50 basis points, Rich, somewhere in that line. It’s a contributor but certainly rents are the primary driver.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, fine. Thank you very much, guys.
Al Campbell: Hi.Mike Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Al, just to go back to the debt offering situation. I know you guys – you don’t have a lot of debt maturing but you do have a bunch of swap maturities maturing. Is kind of the plan as those maturities come due to then do the unsecured offering and kind of time that so there’s no significant benefit. I think you threw out a number of treasuries plus 200 basis points would probably put you right around 4% there versus the 5.2% maturities. Just kind of wondering what you’ve got kind of embedded in terms of interest rate savings on that.
Al Campbell: I think the important thing to note – Tayo, this is Al, good morning. I think the important thing to note about that is over the long-term there is a increase from the prior year, I think it’s by 6% – $0.06 to $0.07 somewhere in that range. But I think if you look over the last five years, CapEx has grown probably 2.5% on average for the five-year period. So, the recurring capital tends to be a little bit volatile depending on the project you have going on. Paint jobs, roofing are pretty significant projects and can be pushed forward or backward here or there and so that has a little bit of impact long-term 2.5% growth. We think the current spending level is a good level and over the long-term the inflationary growth is about right.
Al Campbell: I can. Interesting thing, you’ve seen, you’ve followed us, we went into this year thinking taxes would grow 4% to 5% having 4.5%. We ended up seeing about 3% this year. The main pressure as we expected were Texas, Florida and Georgia. We expected both value increases and millage rate increases in those three key areas and we saw all of that in Texas. I mean, they are definitely aggressive on their program. Florida and Georgia what we saw was the values began to come up, but we didn’t really see the rise in millage rates that we had and thought might happen. That’s a little bit more of a political situation, a lot of things involved in that. So that was part of that favorability coming in the fourth quarter. Going into 2013, we do expect at least in the short term some continued pressure in this area and in those key markets, Texas, Florida, Georgia, and add Tennessee in there for 2013 at least because it’s on a revaluation cycle and 2013 is a revaluation year. So, all those things are part of that growth. I think important again to take a long term perspective on taxes just like I mentioned capital, if you take our projected 6% midpoint growth in taxes for 2013, and you add that in to the last six years, you’re going to get less than a 2% growth in taxes over the last six years. And so, again, important to note, though we’re seeing pressure now and maybe some in 2014 over long term more modest growth, the states and municipalities are really getting back a little bit of the declines that they gave up back in 2009 and 2010.
Al Campbell: No. I can’t tell you specifically for that portfolio. I can tell you this, Carol, this is Al. If you take the property that we’ve sold over the last few years, you’re talking about a difference in dispositions, the average is less than $700, call it $650 to $700, and then the ones we’re acquiring are more like $1,000, $1,100 on average per unit. So there is a pretty big difference there.
Al Campbell: You’re talking about primarily like commissions and legal costs. I mean if you buy a bigger deal, it’s a little more efficient because of the leap on all the activities, but other than that, it’s really tough to manage that much more than that. It used to be – I’ll give you this, it has come down, it used to be closer to 100 basis points.Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Right. That’s what I mean, yeah.
