Eric Bolton: Thanks Tim and good morning. Third quarter results were at the top end of our guidance as solid same store results, which were captured against a record occupancy performance of last year, coupled with favorable trends in G&A and interest expense, drove Core FFO per share of $1.49, representing an 8% jump as compared to Q3 of last year. As outlined in our earnings release, we have raised full year guidance for Core FFO to a range of $5.86 to $5.96 per share. We continue to capture solid leasing trends across the portfolio. Average daily occupancy within the same store portfolio in the third quarter was a very strong 96.4% compared to the likewise very strong 96.5% occupancy in Q3 of last year. Effective rent per unit increased 4.2% with higher performances coming from Orlando, Tampa, Atlanta, Charlotte and Fort Worth. As noted in our release, we were successful in closing two acquisitions during Q3, one in Houston and one in Greenville, South Carolina. Both transactions are newly constructed properties and represent compelling long-term investment opportunities for those two markets. We were also successful in completing the disposition of seven older properties in the third quarter as part of our efforts to steadily recycle capital to protect and enhance MAA’s long-term earnings profile. Additionally, we currently have five other properties under contract for disposition and expect to close on these transactions in the fourth quarter. Our merger with Post Properties is making good progress. Both companies have shareholder meetings scheduled for November 10th and we anticipate a closing of the merger effective December 1st. Processes associated with integration of the two companies are well underway with the go-forward organization structure and team members now in place. As outlined in our announcement of the merger, we anticipate that upon completion of integration activities by the end of 2017, we expect to capture overhead synergies of $20 million. Specific line items and decisions associated with capturing this opportunity have been identified and we remain very confident in achieving this performance benchmark. As we continue to engage in the more detailed tasks surrounding the integration of the two companies, we remain very enthused and confident about capturing the improved operating margins and NOI lift from the legacy Post portfolio that is important to the overall value proposition of the merger. Our work to date associated with inventorying and comparing the more detailed operating practices of the two platforms, further assessing opportunities surrounding our larger scale and enhanced market efficiencies and evaluating the redevelopment opportunities, all combine to have us also feeling very confident about this aspect of the value proposition. We will begin to lay out more details upon closing the merger and as part of providing our initial guidance for calendar year 2017. Before turning the call over to Tom I want to express my appreciation and thanks to the associates working at both MAA and Post for their hard work and great support during the past few weeks as we have worked through the difficult task of merging the organizational structures and preparing for consolidated operations, while also taking care of our residents and existing operations. Our newly combined company will have a number of strong attributes that position us well for the future. The professionalism and dedication that our combined team of associates demonstrates each day are key among these qualities. I’ll now turn it over to Tom.
Eric Bolton: Rob, I will tell you, we remain very committed to the overreaching objective of keeping a diversified and balanced attribute of earning stream. And we think in our region of the country, high job growth region of the country, one of the best ways to create that full cycle profile, if you will, is maintaining a healthy allocation between both large and secondary markets, high growth large and secondary markets. As of today, we have about 65% weighting in large markets and 35% waiting in secondary markets. After the close of the merger, it will be more along the lines of 75-25. Now, you are right and that a lot of the asset sales that have taken place have come out of the secondary markets. But primarily that’s a function of prioritizing disposition focused on older assets where the after CapEx margins are starting to show signs of moderating. And we feel like we can pull money out of those specific properties and recycle into better margin, better growth opportunities. And so, given the history of our Company, it just so happens, a lot of the older assets were in some of the more secondary or tertiary markets. So, just as a consequence of our overall recycling objective, we’ve seen the allocation between large and secondary, and of course the Post transaction is going to change it. I will tell you this going forward, you’ll probably see the 75-25 revert back to closer to call it 60-40 weighting, 65-35 weighting kind of where we are today. We are going to continue to look for opportunistic acquisitions, as well as opportunistic development opportunities in both large and secondary markets as exemplified by this quarter, we bought one Houston, one in Greenville, so we did one in each segment. So, we remain very committed to the whole strategy that has really defined us for the last 20 years. And we will ebb and flow a little bit just as a consequence of recycling and market opportunities. But fundamentally, we don’t plan to change who we are.
Eric Bolton: There would be the kitchen and bath on turn opportunities. We are pretty disciplined about that and will likely not do a full -- evict everybody or ask people politely to move out and take the whole units down. We feel like that maximizes the opportunity. Now there are inside of that that’s what we call heavy and a light, and there’ll be some opportunities to do some granite and stainless upgrade as well as some light fixture changes as well, meaning just doing floors and fixtures and some items like that. But we’re still mapping out those opportunities, but really excited about the conditions of property and the locations and the opportunity there.
Eric Bolton: Well, I would tell you that we are just really starting to dig in a lot on our plans regarding portfolio, any sort of capital recycling that we’re going to be doing and putting our plans together for next year and really for the next three years. I would tell you that probably my biggest priority exist on recycling some capital probably out of Dallas and Atlanta. Those two markets are going to comprise a fairly healthy percentage of overall portfolio concentration and that both would be a little bit higher than I think we want to maintain over the long haul. So, there’ll probably be some recycling opportunity in those two markets would be a more for a priority for us. DC, we were up there last week and starting to really understand more about that opportunity. As I think you know the DC market is starting to finally show some signs of recovery. And bottom line is we are going to be patient with our analysis and thinking about what to do up there. We think that holding on to those assets at this point makes a lot of sense, particularly given where we are in the recovery cycle of that market and things that they bring, again different earnings profile element to the portfolio with our objective of really aiming to create balance on our earnings stream. We think those assets are good for the portfolio at this point.
Eric Bolton: Well, again, we’ll get into more specifics as we get the transaction closed and we start to put out our 2017 guidance. We’re really digging in on the mechanics of the details, policies and practices on everything from how we manage and utilize LRO overall to how we manage and turn apartments to everything. And I would just say that we feel very optimistic about what we’re seeing at this point and feel very confident in the overall value proposition.
Eric Bolton: Well, this is a very opportunistic situation which presented to us off market with the developer and capital equity partner that we know very well, we’ve done business with over the past. They were motivated to cycle out of the investment. Houston Heights district is a very high-end area, just northwest of downtown, the 3 miles northwest of the CBD of Houston, very restrictive covenants about supply in this particular sub-market back. In fact, this is the first community delivered in that sub-market since 2008, which is saying something when you’re talking about Houston. But we went in there very conservatively. We basically assumed no rent growth for the next two years, 1.5% rate growth in the third year. I believe Houston will likely do better than that, but that’s what we assumed. And on that basis, it underwrote at a level that we felt pretty good about, 5, 6 stabilized NOI yield first year, based on what I consider to be kind of probably lower rents than certainly what we’ll see long-term. So, we feel, it was a pretty opportunistic buy, at this point.
Eric Bolton: I think it’s probably not indicative of where the market is right now, Conor. I think that, as you say, we have been looking at a lot of opportunity trying to chase opportunity there for last couple of years and haven’t really found. We think a few transactions take place, but not much. And this was just the unique situation that was presented to us, and we jumped on it. I think that everybody is fully aware that supply trends and new permitting trends pulled way back in Huston. And I think we’ve got to get through 2017. But I think, anybody that’s got the wherewithal and ability and/or the interest in holding on to 2018 is going to do that. So, I think Huston, we’re going to continue to keep an eye on that market and like it long-term. But I think that it’s probably too early to suggest that this transaction is indicative of anything really turning there in terms of transaction activity.
Eric Bolton: Well, I would tell you, Tayo. First, let me make sure it’s 20 million of overhead, not 25, but 25 was on Colonial, 20 on Post. But as far as the areas of opportunity and sort of the opportunity to recover earnings solution. First of all, it’s important to recognize that we’re taking on the Post portfolio. And what’s going to happen is the dilution that we see will be frankly at its highest point at the very first month or two and then it begins to taper off over the coming 12 to 18 months. And so, we think that by the time we get to the end of 2017 that the recovery associated with overhead synergy that $20 million number would be fully realize by the time we get to the end of 2017. Beyond that, there are really three other sort of big areas of opportunity, first and foremost is the development pipeline that Post has. Again, we’re taking that development pipeline on at frankly its most dilutive point. And, we will see as these properties come online and the earnings contributions start to grow, that will start to really show up, really towards end of next year and really into 2018 as these construction projects finish. But that’s going to be a meaningful area of opportunity. Thirdly is what Tom was talking about a moment ago, the redevelopment. That’s a two to three year process. We see tremendous opportunity there, these are terrific locations that we think are just absolutely right for our redevelopment program. And we think that potentially is going to be much more significant frankly than what we contemplated that going into this. And then finally, the fourth area is we just refer to it generally as NOI lift. And it’s a combination of a bunch of things. It ranges all the way from how we execute with LRO, yield management practices, as I was saying earlier, how we turn apartments, capturing the full benefit, surrounding the scale that we have. And frankly those benefits regarding scale and efficiencies, there is going to be some benefit accrued to the existing legacy MAA portfolio as a consequence of this combination as well. So that particular opportunity is still being mapped out in detail, but we think that over the next 12 to 18 months that it likewise is a very significant opportunity. When you pull it all together, I mean when you look at sort of the -- there is a lot of different ways to think about sort of the value proposition here. But certainly, when you look at the pricing pay versus the upside that we think it’s going to be realized over the next couple of years or so. Much in the same way we saw with Colonial, we think this one here with Post is going to be frankly more upside than what we saw with Colonial.
Eric Bolton: We’re -- that’s something we’re going to be very careful with and very thoughtful about. We think that the Post brand has value. We think it’s particularly important in the Atlanta market. We are going to -- you’ll see no change initially whatsoever. All the Post property names will continue just as they are. And we have no near-term plans to modify anything along these lines. But over the course of the coming year, we will be looking at opportunities to get a little bit alignment, some degree of alignment between sort of the Post brand and the MAA brand and see if we can come up with something that makes sense. But above all, we’re absolutely committed to doing all we can to protect the I think very high rating that the Post brand maintains in a number of markets, Dallas included but particularly Atlanta I think is very important, and as well strengthen in a lot of the markets we’re. So more to come on that but we understand the value of the brand and we’re interested and want to be certain that we don’t lose that.
Eric Bolton: Well frankly, I mean really just about any other market that we’re in at the moment, has capacity, if you will. So, we’re going to continue to -- all existing markets that we’re in, continue to look for opportunities. I think we will continue to as we have talked about with our recycling effort, we will continue to look at older assets, we still have a few. But not much left in that regard, but we have a couple one-off opportunities here and there that we will probably look at next year. But I think overall, the markets that we are in and certainly we like them and we would be happy to recycle capital in any of those markets.
Eric Bolton: Okay. Well, thanks nothing else from management at this point. And we’ll see a lot of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Tom Grimes: Sure. On the MAA side, Rob, we’ve got north of 15,000 units remaining and we’d expect to see next year in the range of what we did this year. We’re really working through, we’re in the sweet spot of the Colonial portfolio at this point. On the Post side, it is still early, but we are very excited about those locations and how the interiors of those units will line up against the market norms in those locations and what that opportunity is. And so, I would tell you right now, it looks like it’s 10,000 units or better.
Tom Grimes: I would say so, yes. Yes. The five that we’ve got on the contract, if all proceeds as we expect, there will be similar cap rate achieved on those.
Tom Grimes: No, Conor. I think in general we’re seeing that 2017 looks a lot like 2016 in terms of supply that developers are beginning to have trouble with financing our lining items up in that area and then it probably peaks in 2017 and backs off in 2018. As Eric mentioned, Huston deliveries will be roughly half, will see half of the levels that they were this year and Atlanta, Dallas and Nashville will see modest increases but job growth remains very strong in that area and then really the reminder are in line with 2016.
Tom Grimes: Yes. For the third quarter, the large market growth was 3% on new lease and 7% on renewal and secondary is 1.5% on new lease and 6% on renewal.
Tom Grimes: I would tell you, I mean it’s little bit different stories on some, on those first couple that you mentioned. They have very strong on year-over-year occupancy growth this time last year and tapered out a little bit. But Savannah, we feel good about long term. Their job growth is north of 2%. They’re managing through some deliveries in the pooler submarket. But frankly that has become an aviation aerospace hub, almost smaller version of Charleston. And then Little Rock and Birmingham, I think they continue to improve but limited supply there and job growth in recovery mode, but they do not have quite the strengthened job growth that place Savannah, Charleston and Greenville do.
Tom Grimes: We’re not and actually in our secondary markets group, there is lower -- the home buying, moveouts to home buying lower in secondary markets than in the large markets group. So, nothing there.
Tom Grimes: Yes. So, the way we really look at it is that we monitor the gap between the absolute dollar value of the renewal and the absolute dollar value of the new lease and what you find is it has some seasonal attributes to it. And so, it is -- it will be as little as $2 or $3 in the summer months when leasing is full bore. And then, as it begins to wind down and it’ll open up to about $25 at this point. But right now, the way that it works is just in general at some point, if those become divergent and stay that way, it inhibits new lease price growth. But the dollar value between the two has remained narrow for the last couple of years and thus we’re continuing to be aggressive on renewals.
Tom Grimes: I mean what we’re doing -- that has stayed pretty steady as it goes, to be honest with you Buck. Renewals have been a bright spot for us for some time. August was 6.5, September was 5.9, October 6.2 and then you know the fourth quarter will be a hair lower than that, upper 5s just because we try not to force, we try not to force as little turnover as possible in the slower months. But frankly our lease expiration management was in very good shape, which has allowed us to continue to ask for what will work. I mean we have great customer service on site and markets are reasonable. So, we continue to work successfully with the renewals at that time.
