Albert M. Campbell: The big driver of that -- I'll let Tom tell you some of the details, but the big driver of that was real estate tax. We had some credits during the third quarter, and so they impacted one segment more than they did another, and that was the main driver. Typically, you get a lot of information in the third quarter and that's pretty common that, that can happen. 
Albert M. Campbell: We are comfortable with that. I think if you average out the first 3 quarters, you'll come somewhere to low -- below the midpoint of that range. I will say that given what we expect for occupancy, continued pricing performance and solid occupancy performance for the fourth quarter, we expect the revenue performance in the fourth quarter to be ahead of the average that we have so far, improving out a bit. 
Albert M. Campbell: Taxes are certainly one. As we went into the year, I think that the context is we expect the taxes to be 4% to 5%. And so that was certainly the most significant pressure going into the year. I think in overall context, it's still -- it's the same message. Taxes now are 3.5% sort of 3% or 4% for the year expectations because we have better information now. That is the primary pressure that we expect. I think repair maintenance and utilities during the third quarter gave us some positive performance, and we're feeling very good about that. But I think in the fourth quarter, you will see some unfavorable comparisons on real estate taxes. For the full year, it's still going to be 3.5%, Rob, but we had a lot of information coming in, in the fourth quarter of last year, driving some credits last year. So for that one line item, you're going to see, though, good for the year and better for the year now, it's going to be unfavorable for the fourth quarter, so I would expect that. 
Albert M. Campbell: I think real estate taxes and personnel costs are by far the largest and well over half. So those are the key drivers. And utilities are another big, big area. So and keep in mind that we do bill back the majority of our utilities back to our customers. But those 3 are really the drivers, the biggest dollars in that lineup. 
Albert M. Campbell: No, that wouldn't be the math I would -- what I would say is the first 3 quarters gets you somewhere around the lower end of the range. We expect the fourth quarter to be a strong quarter, so I would expect the full year to be below the midpoint of the range, maybe closer to the bottom of the range, but still be -- but the performance of fourth quarter is stronger than the third quarter. And probably with the first 3 quarters -- first 2 quarters, yes. 
Albert M. Campbell: The first 3, you average out to close to 4.5% and if you finish strong in the fourth quarter, you'll end up somewhere around, call it, 4.75% to something like 4% or 4.6% to 4.8% range, Rich, and that's sort of the thinking. 
Albert M. Campbell: Yes. That's what we've talked about. And we really -- we talked about that a little bit in the second quarter, begin saying that our range in expenses -- we didn't change our range in the second quarter -- but we said we'll be toward the bottom end. We had a little more favorable performance in expenses in the third quarter, and so we felt the need to move the range. And so revenues will end up in the range below the midpoint for sure but have strong performance in the fourth quarter, stronger than the first 3. That's the expectation. 
Albert M. Campbell: I'll just add to that, Dave. There's been some questions about the guidance and so -- in the fourth quarter, just want to make it clear, what we're seeing is that we're expecting continued strong pricing performance of average brands. We saw 5.2% in the last 2 quarters consistent -- continuation of that, on top of the stable occupancy and minimal impact from utilities and those things that Tom just talked about. So what we expect is the top pricing rent to drop to the bottom of the revenue line in the fourth quarter. 
Albert M. Campbell: I'll give you, I think it was a little bit of each of those line items, Dave. I think it was a little bit of pricing not quite as sharp as we thought, but a lot more coming from probably occupancy. Average occupancy for the year has been a little lower than we had projected going in and then some impact from the utilities and other things. And remember that utilities and those things are reimbursements in revenue from the expenses that we got benefit from in the bottom line. So I would say, it's really no single area. It's spread across small impacts in several of those areas. 
Albert M. Campbell: I think it's -- we think it will have a direct impact on being able to access the bond market, probably 25, 30 basis points below where we just access the bond market on a private placement. And I think that will be the initial. I mean you've got to cut 2 phases to that, Tayo. You got 1, you can get your credit rating and you have your first time full rating, we'll go into market. I think we will have a benefit of 25 basis points or so immediately, hopefully. But then after we've been in the market for a while, maybe 1 year or 2, we'll have actually I think another step down as a well-known seasoned issuer in the market, maybe another 20 basis points or so. So let's call it, we had a spread of 235 on the recent deal, we could expect something like 200 on our initial deal then even south of that once become seasoned. So that's what we're expecting and we're hoping for. 
Albert M. Campbell: Well, no. The line of credit impact when we got our first 2 ratings, Fitch plus Moody's, we had the impact on the lines of credit; they were written a little differently and then -- so when you go to the full bond market, though, you really need all 3 to have your best pricing performance. 
Thomas L. Grimes: And then on the -- David, on the operating level, we had a little bit higher turn level in the secondary markets in the late second quarter. And we're actually able to wring a little efficiency on the cost per turn in the third quarter on that. So we were able to spread our turn cost out a little bit and be more efficient there. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Absolutely. Here in the small markets, we had again and sort of late second, early third quarter, we had some onetime exposure to military deployments, carrier deployments in Virginia and the 3rd Infantry Brigade in Columbus, Georgia, and that generated a little bit higher turn. That creates kind of a onetime market lull, and then it sort of snaps back out. So it's not a market fundamental shift in the secondary. It's really just sort of onetime move-out, and then it picks right back up. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, the secondary markets have been finding a little bit of an occupancy comparison headwind. That ends with the third quarter, and we're more optimistic. And well, it ends -- that headwind ends in the third and we're pretty optimistic about the fourth. 
Thomas L. Grimes: And, Mike, the last -- the couple of purchases, just to remind the core stuff or the urban stuff is getting some press. But Lake Nona is suburban outside of Orlando and a great medical district, and Bronco and San Antonio, both good old bread-and-butter mid-America good suburban garden stuff. So we're buying a little of both now, which is probably the difference, not an abandonment of our suburban roots. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, I got it. And, Dave, I mean it's essentially, it's 2 main drivers. First, our average effective occupancy or average what you would call our physical occupancy was off 40 basis points from prior year. That's driven by a 70-basis-point gap in the secondary markets, which I think I touched on a little bit earlier. But just in case folks missed it, but it was really driven by some turnover related to military deployments in some of the secondary markets. The second component of that is we had great savings in utility rates, this go around. We were excited about that. The downside of that is, though, that our utility recovery fees or our reimbursement revenues were down, that's another 40 basis points of it. We're very happy with that happening because our recovery is probably -- rate is about 80%. We'd rather see it on the savings. Those are the 2 big drivers. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Yes, give me 2 seconds. So that is -- so I've got that for the quarter, but not for the month, if that's cool. 
Thomas L. Grimes: And we were -- it skewed more on the new lease rates, it was up 4.7% and over 1% on the secondary markets, and then renewals were 6.4% and 5%. 
Thomas L. Grimes: We were -- new leases were 3.1% and 6.3% and 4.5% for blended. So, 3.1%, new; renewals, 6.3%; blended, 4.5%. 
Thomas L. Grimes: No. And along those things that Eric mentioned with Dave earlier, I think it's a little different than conventional wisdom that we have fewer homebuyers in our secondary markets than our primary markets. Our rent-to-income ratio is better in our secondary markets than our primary. And I think that's a little bit of a different issue as well. But they're great in both, to be perfectly honest. 
Thomas L. Grimes: Our average, we have a sort of safe rent score that we track and I don't have the exact data points for you. But it continues to trend up each quarter. It's just sort of a steady improvement. 
H. Bolton: October occupancy in the secondary markets was back ahead of last year, so it was just a onetime event. 
H. Bolton: We will definitely be selling more next year than we sold this year. We have a plan to really step up the recycling effort over the next 2 to 3 years. And as long as conditions support it, we plan to see that pace pick up a little bit. I would put order of magnitude somewhere around $150 million, maybe $160 million or so next year. But we really will see over the next couple of years more of a sort of a balanced funding plan, where we will be recycling into higher-margin investments, as well as on a net basis, we'll probably still be, we believe, a net acquirer and that will require the need to go back to the market at some level. But we think that the disposition of the recycling effort will become a greater component of our funding plans and needs over the next couple of years. 
H. Bolton: We will have that conversation with the board as we always do in early December. We -- in early December, every year, sit down with our board and update our 3-year business strategy. And as part of that process, discuss dividend payout. And so we will do that in the first week of December. 
H. Bolton: No other real target market that I can point to right now. We continue to like the footprint. We continue to be very committed to the idea of bifurcating capital between large and secondary markets roughly in the same weighting we have today. As a consequence of our stepped-up efforts of recycling capital out of some lower margin, older investments into higher margin, newer investments as a focus of that, it just so happens that a lot of our older properties are in some of our secondary or more tertiary markets. And so, you'll be seeing much more active recycling taking place in that particular component of the portfolio. And so markets like Kansas City and San Antonio and Charleston and Savannah, those are some of the secondary markets that we would like to continue to fill out in. 
H. Bolton: No, I think that, clearly, we do have a lot of conversations always going on with developers in some of these secondary markets. And that's why you see us deploying capital in development in markets like Little Rock and Charleston and Jacksonville. You're not going to see us do development in Dallas and Atlanta. We let others do that. But, yes, in an effort to kind of keep our portfolio strategy intact and continue to execute on this recycling effort, to the extent that we deploy capital with development, it will be a secondary market focus. 
H. Bolton: Well, we think that development will remain a limited part of our external growth story. I mean kind of order of magnitude, we think that external growth on sort of a steady state basis via acquisitions will probably be somewhere between $300 million to $400 million a year. Our development pipeline, we're kind of comfortable carrying up to about $150 million at any one point in time. We've got 4 projects, currently 2 are nearing lease-up, stabilized status. The other 2 will be delivered next year, 1 in January of next year. So we think that we're at a point that we can reload that pipeline, and thus we did the deal in Jacksonville that we just alluded to. I do not believe that, that for a host of reasons that us being a big developer is the right thing to do. And our platform, our approach to development, as we're doing again in Jacksonville, is essentially to enter into a negotiated fixed price contract with the developer. We handle the lease-up, they build it for us. They are free to walk away, we own it. 
H. Bolton: I don't think that there's any sort of macro trends or macro needs afoot that would suggest that we're going to see a flurry of M&A start to take place. I think when it takes place, what M&A that does occur, is typically company-specific issue that has arisen, either it's -- for a host of reasons, somebody just decides that staying independent or staying in the public market doesn't make any sense. And so I don't think that there's any -- I don't see any huge initiative under way to have it or need, frankly, for the sector to shrink down to half the number of companies it is today, as an example. I just think it's a case-by-case situation, and companies decide what they want to do. 
H. Bolton: I mean, certainly, we understand what our fiduciary responsibilities are. And I mean, we're always going to do the right thing for shareholders. Having said that, we're very comfortable doing what we're doing. We felt like that we've demonstrated the ability to create great value for shareholders over a long period of time. We feel like we're fulfilling a particular niche in this sector that I think the market appreciates in various points in the cycle, more times or more so than others at various points in the cycle, but we're comfortable doing what we're doing. 
H. Bolton: Yes, sure, sure. And I'll just bang through on third quarter and October numbers here. Starting with new lease, 2.8%; October, 2.4% -- or excuse me, 2.8%; for our third quarter, 2.4%; for October renewals, 6.1% and 4.7%; for blended, at 4.3% and 3.4%; and then occupancy is running ahead of October by about 20 basis points or so, where it has been running about on an average basis about 40 basis points behind. And so, we feel pretty darn strong. We also have, another forward-looking metric would be exposure. This time last year, we had exposure of 9.3, which is our 60-day uncovered, and we're at 8.3 this go around. Traffic for October was outstanding, turnover was down. So we feel pretty good going forward. 
H. Bolton: Well, I think that we're going to continue to be in a position to see steady rent growth. I mean the metrics that -- I know that there's hand-wringing over 2 issues: over this resurgence or recovery in the single-family market; and then, obviously, the conversation about new supply. We continue to believe that the threat surrounding single-family is overblown. As I've noted in my earlier comments, in the third quarter, we did not see any increasing pressure associated with single-family, either rental or for purchase, and just continue to believe that the dynamics surrounding single-family home buying are unlikely to create any pressure for us, meaningful pressure, this next year. On the supply side, I mean clearly, supply is picking up. But again, when you look I mean the way we have to try to get comfortable with supply is compare it to forecasted demand or forecasted job growth. And supply in and of itself is not a problem. It's only a problem if there's not enough demand to absorb it. And when we look at the ratio of job -- new job projections to supply in our large markets next year, it's better than it was in the last upcycle. And in the secondary markets, it's outstanding. It's only 10:1 next year. Our 10:1, which is very strong. So we continue to not to see anything out there that would suggest any material weakening in 2013 performance, as compared to 2012. The comparisons, the prior year comparisons, year-over-year comparisons, are a little more difficult just as a consequence of continuing to compare against these growth numbers that we're putting up every year. But and then when you look at the other metric that people look at in terms of ratio, rent to income, we're still right around 17%, which is well below the peak we were back several years ago at 20%. So there's just a lot of reasons for us to suggest that there doesn't appear to be looming significant headwinds going into next year. 
H. Bolton: It's really more opportunistic, Mike, I think because I mean we're committed to the idea of bifurcating cap between the large and the secondary markets. Now within those markets, whether it's an urban, more downtown-oriented location or suburban location, we're sort of indifferent on that. There, once we get into the market, we're looking for good submarkets where people want to live that where we can find properties that we feel like we can acquire on a very favorable basis. And a lot of these southeastern markets, a lot of the favorable places for people to live, a lot of where the employment centers are, are out in the suburbs. Likewise, there's some great places near downtown and downtown. So we kind of -- and we think that there's some probably good things about being diversified, both suburban and urban. As opposed to concentrating on one particular end market. 
H. Bolton: But worth noting, I mean the midpoint of that revenue range was 5%. We think we'll probably come in for the year at 4.7% or something in that range probably. And so we're not talking about some sort of significant miss here. We're talking about at the margin, probably as Al just mentioned, probably a little bit lower effective occupancy just as a consequence of pushing the rents in and some of this -- this military, our secondary market segment in the third quarter took a little bit of a hit because of this onetime event that Tom has referred to. But secondary markets were back in October, running ahead of last year. So it's -- there's no trend here that is worrisome. 
H. Bolton: Well, we are seeing slow recovery in employment markets taking place. As the news reports outline, the Texas markets continue to do quite well. We're -- Atlanta has been lagging, but it's showing signs of getting better as is Florida. I think that it's interesting, when you look at the impact of single-family move-out or move-outs due to single-family buying, it's actually as an example, it's actually created more pressure for us in our larger markets than it has in our secondary markets. So as I alluded to in my opening comments, the move-outs due to home-buying was only about 18%, on average. It's actually about 20% at our bigger markets in the quarter, but in the secondary markets, it was 15%. So I think that clearly as the economy hopefully begins to show more meaningful recovery and people begin to get more comfortable in their jobs, I do expect that we will probably see a little bit more activity surrounding turnover associated with buying homes. But I don't think we're headed back to anything close to what we were years ago. My guess is we get back to maybe 25% or something of our turnover and I think that that's probably a 2014 kind of phenomenon. But I think as we look into next year, it's just hard to see the single-family recovery derailing fundamentally, the rent growth and the revenue growth projections that we think we'll have going into next year. 
H. Bolton: Not really. I think that your point is right. I think a recovering single-family market can have a very good implications for job growth across the country. And so, we haven't seen it yet. But I think it very well could happen. 
H. Bolton: I would say that given the impact of us having a better credit quality resident and continued growth in average income of our resident profile, we're definitely getting folks that are, if you will, more capable of being able to buy a home. But I think the decision, what constitutes renter-by-choice or renter-by-necessity has undergone a fundamental shift. And the bottom line is there's a lot more people out there that are renters-by-choice. And I think we'll stay in that mindset for quite some time. 
H. Bolton: Well, Kansas City fits into our definitions of a secondary market. It's -- the other REITs are not there. It's a market where we feel like we can come in and use our balance sheet and our operating platform and our execution capabilities and create very attractive returns for our shareholder capital. It's a market that tends to have more stable characteristics, it doesn't tend to get a lot of excessive supply as you might get in some of the bigger markets and thus, we like the stable nature of that particular market. Very stable employment base there and very affordable region of the country. And this particular opportunity was a newly built property with a broker involved and developer that we know and we were able to come in and provide them a very definitive quick close and make an attractive acquisition. But what we would expect over the next several years is to see our presence there grow by another 5 or 6 properties. We'll obviously take our time and be patient about it. But we like to market as part of our secondary market strategy. 
H. Bolton: Well, I think that just as a consequence of rotating capital out of lower margin investments into higher margin investments, what that often translates into is selling both older assets and assets where we don't have much in the way of efficiency from scale in the given market. And so, the impact of that or the consequence of cycling, you're going to see over the next several years is that these -- some of these properties that are listed in that section you're referring to will probably get sold. And we just are able to we think recycle the capital in a more effective way into markets like a Kansas City or some of the other secondary markets. So we're mindful of really, first, the margin specifically on the investment and then the overhead efficiency as well. And that will drive us to cycle out of some of these properties. 
H. Bolton: We're working on one other deal at the moment, Carol. It's in due diligence. Not sure it will get closed, but we're working on it right now. And that's probably the only other deal that gets done by year-end if it gets done. 
H. Bolton: Okay. No further comments. I appreciate everyone joining us this morning and we'll see you at NAREIT. Thanks. 
Richard Anderson: Okay. So if your revenue range for the year is 4.5% to 5.5% and you're running at below 4.5%, you're saying you get -- by getting -- am I doing that right? I mean... 
Richard Anderson: Okay. So you don't think you'll -- maybe I'll take it offline because it seems like you need to do more than that. And you're also saying the top end of the range, so are you saying the NOI number is more... 
Richard Anderson: So speaking on external growth, I know you're primarily an acquisition story, but it appears you are at least contemplating to doing more development in the future. And you say that, at the same time, you're saying you'll step up recycling, and using dispositions more as a funding element to your story. So I don't know, it seems like 2 different directions you're going in terms of taking on risk? And can you just talk a little bit about your development mindset? I probably asked this question here every quarter, but your development mindset as it relates to where you think you are in this game. Are we in the sixth inning, seventh inning? Just talk to me about that. 
