H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Thanks Al. it was a good quarter for MAA as the work of the past year in integrating the legacy MAA and Colonial operations is ramping up and the benefit surrounding the merger are increasingly reflected in our results. We're encouraged with the leasing conditions across the portfolio and our team is focused on continuing to execute on the various operating improvements that have been made. We're making steady progress on recycling capital and continue to enhance portfolio quality and future internal growth prospects for the company. MAA's balance sheet is in terrific shape and we have ample capacity to execute in our plans moving forward. I want to thank all of our MAA associates for their hard work and extra effort surrounding our merger over the past few quarters. Thanks to your hard work and successful integration of our platforms, our consolidated operating and reporting systems are in great shape and the company is well positioned as we head into 2015. That's all we have in the way of prepared comments and Priscilla, we're going to turn it back to you for questions.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: I would say David that certainly the changes that been introduced to date are sustainable going forward. There are sort of permanent changes if you will that we've made. Now the year-over-year benefits of that will obviously lessen over time as we get to year-over-year comparisons reflecting where the change took place. But the changes that were made were more systemic in nature and as I said in my comments, it takes a while for these things to actually get implemented and then a while for them for being to show up. And Q3 being a busy quarter as it typically is, it really began to show up and with all the integration behind us in the early part of the year. So now there are few other remaining items that we're going to still harvest in the area of some turn activities and some other things that we're working on, but certainly what we've seen to date, we think will carry this going forward for some time,
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Rich, we remain very committed to our strategy allocating capital both in large and secondary markets and the balance that we have today are roughly about 60% to 40% allocated, 40% allocated to secondary, 60% to large. We think that's the right model going forward. So we're not going to change that. Now having said that, of the $300 million that we probably will sell next year overwhelmingly that will be within the secondary market segment of the portfolio. There is some fine tuning within that component of the strategy that we're executing on. You will see and really the focus as it always has been for us is just to cycle some of the older lower margin investments and higher margin investments. As it so happens given the history of our company, a lot of our older investments happen to be in some of the more tertiary markets within that secondary market segment of the portfolio. So that you will see more of the recycling taking place within the secondary segment of the portfolio, but we remain very committed to the overall strategy.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: I didn't see the article that you're referring to. What we have seen is in some select secondary markets weaker job growth than what we've seen take place in some of the larger markets and thus sort of the weaker performance out of the secondary segment of the portfolio -- market segment of the portfolio to specifically Memphis, Little Rock and Norfolk Virginia have been a little bit weak. San Antonio has been a little bit weak. Offsetting that though to some degree has been certainly Charleston, Savannah, Greenville, Spartanburg, South Carolina, they’ve been very strong. So it's hit or miss and some have been weak, some have been strong and so it's -- but again we continue to while the demand side or the job growth side of the model has been a little bit weak in some of those markets, the good news is that supply trends are still very muted within that group of markets overall and I think if can just continue, the economy pick up a little bit more steam. And you look at the job projections in the next year and the year thereafter, a lot of these secondary markets are showing pretty good momentum on the job front. So we're encouraged with the trends and I think that we should see that performance improve over the next year.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: It's really no change Rich. We feel like that our approach to development has historically been and will continue to be built around essentially a pre-purchase model of something to be built by a developer. The incident or the occurrence of MAA actually being the developer is highly unlikely. We may do that on a phase two expansion or something of that nature. We're very familiar with the product, but broadly speaking when we talk about new development, what these really are pre-purchases of to be built properties. We think that the volume for us is going to probably be around $200 million to $300 million offset on a $8.5 billion balance sheet. So overwhelmingly the external growth story for us is largely continues to be built around acquiring existing assets.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: We're going to be selling more certainly on the apartment side in 2015 than what we've ever sold. We were selling about $300 in total this year call it half of its apartments have obviously existing commercial assets to Colonial. Next year the $300 million will be comprised totally of apartments, but having said that, our strategy is really built around a discipline of sort of steady recycling from lower margin investments to higher margin investments. We're not trying to make any sort of major portfolio shift or there is no strategy change that we're trying to pull off here. And as I said, we believe very much in being allocated between large and secondary markets. So what we're finding is and we've always found typically is good opportunities to harvest value out of lot of these assets and then see secondary markets by selling them in a very steady fashion on sort of a retail basis as opposed to putting a big package together and trying to find some wholesale buyer to take us out. So we're going to push the agenda there as aggressively as we can depending on redeployment opportunities, but we also are very mindful of protecting a steady of performance to steadily AFFO and the dividend, which we think is an important component of long-term shareholder returns. So we're going to push that agenda Karin as aggressively as we can, but to some degree it's a function of where the redevelopment or sort of the reinvestment opportunity plays out.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: It's going to -- again it's going to be a mix. We've got a couple that we are looking at right now, once in large, once in secondary. We've got another one that we're really on in conversations about in another large market. So it's going to be a mix. We are increasingly finding more and more interest in this area of sort of developers who are looking for -- we're hearing from developers that financing equity capital in particular is getting more difficult. These guys are very much interested obviously in continuing to keep their doors open and stay in business and we're having a lot of conversations with a lot of developers who very much want to sort of build a sustained relationship with us. And so which also gives me some degree of comfort that hearing that the capital is tied with a lot of these developers gives me some comfort that the thread of massive overbuilding is pretty remote and so I think that we're encouraged with what we're seeing on that front.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: I think that I've seen what some of the others have said. I think that MAA is going to be competitive with the sector next year. I think that we're going to see -- 2015 looks very similar to 2014, just without the lumpiness and drama.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: No, these are all private buyers and generally they're not [at the core] (ph). They are funds that manage anywhere from companies that have institutional capital often behind them, but these are managed 5,000 to 7,000 units, one group out of California, one group out of New York, one group out of Dallas. So they're kind of all over the Board, but it's generally not just a small sort of country club kind of group of people. These are usually platforms again anywhere from five to one group ahead up to 15,000 units. But typically higher leverage buyers. They're usually getting agency financing anywhere from 75% to 80% financing on the deals and we're finding it a good market for that.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: It's really in every case is a brand new property. So these are developers who are looking to cycle out. They never intended to hold these assets for long and in one case, it's a property we've been tracking. It went under contract to someone else earlier recently fell out. They came back to us at our earlier pricing and we were able to make it work, but in every case these are one of the benefits of the new supply thing up in a number of these markets as I say is it's creating more and more eying opportunities and that's really what we were targeting is new product and so that's where we are seeing activity now.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: No it's at 17%, which is still very, very good and the downturn is it probably peaked around 18% or 19% and so it's at a very healthy point and the Sunbelt I think apartments are affordable. There is a lot of upside on what people can pay in upfront.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: No about 70% of our households are single adult led. Home buying is the thing that we would tell you is slight different. I don't want to overstate this. We expected it would pick up a percentage point or two and it's dropped a couple. So not wildly different, but it was up in '13 from '12 and I think modestly and we expect that to continue and it didn't. But I think it really speaks as much as anything to our renter psychology, their appreciation of the flexibility of renting and frankly the fear of home buying. Nothing new here in terms of theory, but that's -- they're just staying same put a little longer and appreciating renting a little longer.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: That has moved up just a tad Carol. That's always been our largest cause for people leaving us and moving out and in the third quarter that constituted 29% of our turnover, whereas a year ago, it constituted 29% of our turnover. So that typically is the largest reason why people move out as a change in the tenant.
Albert Campbell III: We -- we've got the most of the remaining assets under contract to sell and would expect to get the remaining ones mostly closed by the end of this year. We've got some residual land assets that will probably slide into next year, but the operating assets, we expect to be gone by the end of this year.
Albert Campbell III: I think the four items were NOI synergy stabilizing the development pipeline to give the majority of those two Rich. The other two items, the redevelopment of the Colonial assets and these recycling the non-earning assets, they're going to take a couple more years on the redevelopment pipeline. Just to give you an example we laid out 10,000 to 15,000 units of opportunity there. We feel very good about that. We did 2,000 this year. We'll probably do more like 3,000 next year. So it takes a few years to fully get that 10,000 to 15,000 units. But we feel very good about that program and the economics are still strong. The non-earning assets, the land, we'll probably be active on selling added thing and you'll see the impact more in '16 I would say.
Albert Campbell III: They are on the recycle of non-funded assets there we said $0.08 range on the redevelopment program, $0.10 to $0.17 range. So the redevelopment program of that 30-50 is a pretty meaningful piece and we will see that play out over the next couple of years.
Albert Campbell III: Karin this is Al. I think one thing I'll point you to is on the eight assets we sold this year multifamily. if you take the trailing NOI minus the 4% cap management fee and all the CapEx internal property last year that's a 5.7% cap rate and I will say we're buying probably in the 5% to 5.5% range altogether. So it's tighter than you would think and on a cash flow basis. Now NOI to little bit wider spread than that, but on a cash flow basis, it's pretty tight.
Albert Campbell III: And I'll just add to that Mike, if you look at the months in the quarter, September was the highest effective rent which was in-place at 3.5% showing escalation or growth of those new prices early in the portfolio that Eric was pointing out.
Albert Campbell III: Not really. I would tell you broadly it's lower than we thought it would be this year, but it's been relatively the normal band large markets moving out for home buying at a slightly higher rate than secondary, but nothing really stands out. They are pretty tightly banded between sort of low of 15 and high of 22 or so.
Albert Campbell III: I think that over time they probably will be. We frankly would expect to see the margin improvement grow a little bit in the CLP portfolio just as a consequence of some of these changes that Tom and his folks are working through as well as recognizing that there is a higher concentration of higher rent properties in the legacy CLP portfolio. Now as we continue with our recycling effort and continue to cycle out of some of the lower margin investments, older assets that we have, which as I mentioned earlier, a lot of the activity next year will take place in the legacy MAA portfolio. I think you’ll begin to see the margin then pick up more substantially in the legacy MAA portfolio. Ultimately they'll settle out about the same place, but I wouldn’t be surprised to see for the next year or so for the CLP margin portfolio to or margins in CLP portfolio to actually accelerate beyond MAA.
Albert Campbell III: Sure Dave, move-outs to rent increases are actually down slightly from second quarter. It's 8% this quarter and then…
Thomas Grimes Jr.: I think -- David this is Tom, I think clear eyes and a lot of focus generated that. We were a little -- I think in second quarter you saw a little bit more focus on secondary markets, but we felt like the large markets were not firing on all cylinders as we would like and you saw that build back quite well. I think our pricing performance which Eric mentioned in the call up $4.8 million for the quarter in the case that we didn't have to do anything out of the ordinary for those.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Let me answer initially Rich and then maybe Al can add some details, but in answering your question, we absolutely feel very confident about -- we actually the range that we show before on the NOI was $0.30 to $0.50 per share and we feel very good about achieving that. That's really broken down into four different components NOI stabilizing the development pipeline recycling non-earning assets and redevelopment of the Colonial assets. All those things run away and in fact on the NOI operating synergies. Frankly what we saw in the third quarter you just annualize that. We were at the very top into that range. So we spec we will probably do better than what we initially thought in that particular line item. The G&A savings which is the other big component of this roughly $25 million or $0.32 a share, you'll see that all next year. our run rate certainly about the end of this year as we've always said would be reflecting that savings and we feel very good about delivering on that value creation as we initially identify.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Sure Karin, this is Tom and occupancy is at 96, exposures roughly 76, which is about 30 basis points better than it was the same time last year and this is on a year-over-year basis, new leases are blended was 5 and it's 4.8, new lease 5.2 renewal.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Yes and as Eric touched on some of these systems that we've in place to harvest efficiency and value are really beginning to pay off and we think we've got an opportunity for the next quarter or so to continue the improvements in our pricing arena.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: We feel like the -- on a positive note both groups improved very well from the second quarter to the third quarter. We think that the gap between them will narrow, but are enjoying the strength of the primary markets. Looking forward, we're particularly encouraged by the lack of new supply in the secondary markets. Then we do have a few that have been pressured by weaker job growth Eric touched on those, with Memphis, Little Rock and Norfolk Virginia all at less than a percent of job growth over the last year or so. Those are expected to do a little bit better in 2015, but we need to monitor those. Memphis was affected, Memphis revenues were 140 basis points lower this quarter than we would have expected because of a couple of down units or because of a number of down units related to flood event, which will have back in the first quarter. So the job markets for the secondary group for those properties are expected to be 2.6%6 in Memphis next year, 2.9% in Little Rock and 2% in Norfolk, all of which bodes well for 2015. I would like to point out that we're seeing great strength in places like Charleston and it was up 3.4%, Greenville up 4.1% in revenues and Savannah at 5.1%. So I think we've to be careful not to bucket all properties as secondary. It really comes down to what the job growth characteristics were and those appear to be improving.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Hi Mike, it's Tom and we were down 847 fewer units or 6.6% during the quarter on that and rephrase the second part of that question if you don't mind.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Well I can tell you that in the third quarter we reported overall year-over-year in-place leases for all of Q3 this year versus Q3 last year, up 3.2%. If you look at the leases that we just wrote in the third quarter, just in the third quarter compared to just the leases we wrote in the third quarter of the prior year, they were up 4.8%.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: Paula, we're still monitoring sort of the same suspects, Raleigh is probably the one that has shown the most is sort of most effective supply. It actually seems to be responding reasonably well now, but effective rent growth there was only about 1.2%, but blended rates for the quarter are actually up there. So we're encouraged by that. Austin we're monitoring I think along with everyone else, but their effective rent growth is fantastic and the jobs really just seem to be absorbing the units at a pretty good clip and then monitoring Dallas with that supply seems to be focused sort of Uptown area and North Dallas where we have relatively limited supply. So I would say those are sort of places where I am watching in 2015, but we keep the job growth numbers for '15 slightly better forecast than they were last quarter. So we are encouraged by the job growth side of the equation.
Thomas Grimes Jr.: And the downturn, that was the reason it was dropping, when we look at job transfers overall a positive sign.
