Albert M. Campbell III: Good morning.David Toti – Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: I’m still kind of struggling to understand the real mix of secondary market trouble, or I guess sort of why it fell a little bit shy of your expectations. And I know you, Eric, you mentioned employment and tough comps. But maybe if you could just provide a little bit of detail on the mix of rent at the new and renewal level, and also maybe comment on what you’re seeing in terms of move-outs to home purchases, and specifically where there’s troubling supply.
Albert M. Campbell III: They came in pretty good. I think the average of those that we sold in July was just south of 7%. I think the average of the two that we sold during the quarter was closer to 6.5%, 6.4% or something like that, and they were in Forth Worth. So I’ll say it this way. We’ve sold, I think, six of the eight assets that we had for the full year in the program to sell $140 million to $150 million in multifamily. We expect the cap rates to be just south of 7% on that and that’s what we captured so far. And we expect the remaining two that are about $20 million to be the same.Ryan H. Bennett – Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay, great.
Albert M. Campbell III: That’s on a $3.50 per unit CapEx, 4% of management fee, and in-place NOI.Ryan H. Bennett – Zelman & Associates, LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Albert M. Campbell III: That is amortized over 4.5, almost five years, Rich. It’s a little bit frontend-loaded in that as individual pieces of debt in that mature, it comes down. So I would say it doesn’t come down quickly, but it will come down each quarter a portion until it’s very low by the end of the fourth year.Rich Anderson – Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.: Okay.
Albert M. Campbell III: So, I can probably offline give you a little more specific math, but it helps you give you the trend of it.Rich Anderson – Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.: Okay. That’s good. Thanks, guys, I appreciate it.
Albert M. Campbell III: Yes. I can tell you, Dave, there was a about a 20 basis points difference. So, overall I believe, on legacy MAA was about 2.5%. I think legacy Colonial was about 2.7% for the second quarter. We have a little more larger markets, and there’s obviously some things we’re trying to do to capture.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: Sure. David, the new lease renewal blended trends follow what Eric laid out. We’ve got markets such as Little Rock and Memphis. During the quarter, Little Rock was up 0.2%, Memphis 2.2%. That’s on a blended year-over-year basis. And then places like Savannah, Charleston, they were 7%, 8.3%. It really just sort of depends on where they’re fitting in the spectrum of job growth. Limited new supply in Jacksonville in those pieces.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: And just a comment on Las Vegas, we closed July $96.4 million there with low exposure, 7% and rents were beginning to pick up. We feel like you’ll see better traction in Las Vegas in the second half of the year than you have in the first half.David Toti – Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks for the detail today.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: Sure, Haendel. All right. So April, May and June on year-over-year basis work for – April was 2.7% May for 4.3%, June 3.2% on new lease. And then renewal was 7.3%, 7.6%, 7.6% and 7.5% for the quarter.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, the…
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: Our strategy is we’ve got the best re-pricing opportunity sort of late second, early third. And then we being to build our occupancy and lower our total exposure as we head into the slower winter months. We are looking like – we close July today, but expect that to be at 96% with exposure, which is total availability, close to 0.3%. That’s compared to 9.2% last year. And our average physical occupancy during the quarter or during the month looks like it’s going to be up about 30 basis points, as Eric mentioned in his comments.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: So, yes, to answer your question, I would expect occupancy to run much closer, or slightly better, but much closer to last year’s numbers in the second half than in the first half.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: Yes, sure. The turnover on home buying was, it dropped from about 20% to 19% on that. And then, on single-family rentals, I don’t we indicated were down. They were up modestly, but still running there in the 9% range, still a third of the level of our larger reasons for move-out, which are home buying and job transfer.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: Karin, I saw a lot of people really since October 1 with their eye on the ball and working incredibly hard with a lot going on. I will tell you going forward, we’re sort of ecstatic to be done with it. I think we have great insights. Our teams have gelled in terms of working together with each other. Our systems are in place. We’re no longer rolling out a new process, a new procedure, a new software. And I think you see some of the results of that in July, and I think we’ll continue to learn how to wring out the value of this merger as we move forward.Karin A. Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas L. Grimes Jr.: I’ll tell you, Tayo, I think Austin certainly has had a fair amount of supply. It seems like it is abating in the suburban submarkets. It’s still there. It’s heavier in the core. We’ve been encouraged honestly. We mentioned Raleigh and Austin as our worry beads at the beginning of the year. And Austin has held up, I think, a little better than we expected and is trending stronger for the second half of the year. And just encouraged with where it is right now, and where our assets are located.Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: We didn’t comment on it. I would tell you, David, we’re taking a hard look at that. We’ve got only two properties in that market. And we’re going to be looking at our plans over the next couple years as we talk about recycling, and we’ll have more to say about it then. But I think that we either need to bigger or out, one of the other. And we haven’t made a firm decision on that yet.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Well, I mean, I’ll let Al give you the specifics, but broadly speaking, what we’ve done is we’ve pulled back a little bit on the revenue assumptions and improved a little bit, if you will, on the expense assumptions. So on a net basis, we still believe – our original guidance for the year was 4% to 5% NOI growth and we’ve dialed it back to 4% to 4.5%. So still within the range, the bottom half of the range we originally started with. But we’re just going to get there a little bit differently with a little – based on what we’ve seen so far this year, a little weaker revenue growth, but better expense control frankly. And the net result is 4% to 4.5% NOI growth for the full year. And it really reflects all the things we’ve been saying in terms of what Al just walked through in terms the back half of the year and based on what we’re seeing thus far. I mean, Al, you want to…
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: I’ll tell you, Mike, not materially so. I think that we continue to believe very much in the notion that we want to deploy capital for a full cycle sort of performance profile. We always have understood that the secondary markets that don’t capture quite the level of robust job growth that you get in the bigger markets struggle at various points in the cycle. They don’t likewise get the supply pressures that you typically see in the larger markets as well. While certainly there are some weaknesses that we saw this quarter, again this quarter, in Memphis, Birmingham and the others that I’ve mentioned, we’ve also seen some strength in some others. And so, I would tell you that in terms of a sort of overall long-term performance objective, we still feel very much that the right thing to do is continue to allocate roughly 60% to 65% of our capital to the large markets and 35% to 40% to the secondary markets. Now, what you’re going to see as a consequence of our capital recycling effort, you’re going to see some recycling take place, and it will be more active within the secondary market segment of the portfolio. There are some secondary markets where we think the prospects are not nearly as strong as they are in some other secondary markets. We feel like we can still go into some of these higher growth secondary markets that – Charleston is an example and some others that we’ve been buying in. And we can still get the performance dynamics over the long haul, but I think put capital in a position where it’s going to create a little bit more robust long-term organic growth rate. And that’s what we’re really trying to do.Michael J. Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Good morning.Haendel St. Juste – Morgan Stanley: Eric, maybe Tom, can you take us behind the scenes of the last three or four weeks of the quarter? Trying to get a sense what the major change factor was between NAREIT, the first week of June where you had seemingly much rosier expectations for same-store revenue for the quarter, mid to maybe upper 3s than what you actually achieved. Trying to get a sense, more clarity, granularity on how the results came in so much lower than what we expected, when after all this is the apartment business; we have pretty good forecast ability, you have revenue management, which gives you the opportunity to assess upcoming lease expirations, absorption, competitive pricing, et cetera.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: And the trends have been fairly consistent for awhile now. I mean, the move-outs to renting a home have ticked up just a tad. But it’s gone from roughly sort of 6% of our move-out to about 9% of our move-out. But as Tom said, it’s really not a meaningful impact overall. What really has been helpful in terms of driving turnover down is the continued low move-outs to buying a house. And we saw a drop again this quarter. So that’s an area that’s been very helpful.Buck Horne – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Yes, I would tell you broadly speaking that majority of the performance issue was in the secondary markets. Now, Atlanta as an example, we gave up, it looks to be, about 70 basis points. Austin we gave up a little more than that in terms of year-over-year effective occupancy, again just the quarter. And as I alluded to, the market that we saw the most pressure in was in Raleigh and fully expected that. But broadly speaking, when you look at the revenue trends overall, I mean, Atlanta driving 3.7% year-over-year growth in revenues and Austin driving 4% year-over-year growth in revenues, despite the give-up and effective occupancy that we saw in both Atlanta and Austin, we still delivered pretty darn good revenue growth overall. And broadly speaking, the only market that really was weak per se was Raleigh. And then, Tampa was a little bit weak there. But Tampa is a market that – frankly, we were just comparing against a little higher-occupancy variable there. And we gave up, it looks to be, about 60 or 70 basis points there in Tampa. But Tampa’s back. It’s hard to draw any broad conclusions from just three months to three months year-over-year. We still feel good about Tampa long-term, certainly. But largely, the large markets generally performed pretty much in line with what we were expecting.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Tayo, in all cases, there were some legacy Colonial assets, pretty old. Some pretty significant CapEx requirements that we just concluded, that we’d be better off to cycle out of those. So they were just unique in the sense of – these are old, frankly, assets that come to Colonial through the Cornerstone merger that they executed well over 10 years ago. So there’s no change in strategy. It’s just unique situations pertaining to age and the CapEx requirements associated with those particular assets.Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Got it. That’s helpful. And then, could you just talk a little bit – give a little bit more detail about the Austin, Texas market in particular? I know it’s one of these markets – you had a lot of exposure to it. And you had always mentioned rising supply in Austin was something you were on the lookout for on a going-forward basis.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: Younger is good. I’m not hung up on the idea that our asset base needs to become increasingly urban-oriented, particularly in this region of the country. This region of the country tends to support a lot of employment and entertainment and good places to live that are not in the urban areas, and more in the suburban locations. So younger is good. Newer is good. We would continue to like very much the large markets that we’re in. As I’ve alluded to, I think we need to cycle more into some better growth secondary markets, which we certainly are working to accomplish over the next couple of years. But we like a good mix of urban and suburban.David Bragg – Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
H. Eric Bolton Jr.: No comments from us. I appreciate everyone joining our call and I’m sure we’ll see everybody starting of September. So thanks.
