Albert Campbell: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional commentary on the company's first quarter earnings performance, balance sheet activity, and then finally, on guidance for the remainder of 2018. Net income available for common shareholders was $0.42 per diluted common share for the quarter. FFO for the quarter was $1.44 per share, which was $0.01 per share above the midpoint of our guidance. First quarter performance included $0.02 per share of noncash expense from the valuation of the embedded derivative related to the deferred shares issued in the Post merger, and this was not included in our original guidance. Same-store performance, G&A expense and interest expense were all slightly better than expected, and combined to produce the out-performance for the first quarter. During the first quarter, we did not acquire any communities. We did, however, close on the disposition of 2 land parcels acquired in the Colonial merger for $5.9 million in total proceeds. These sales produced net gains of about $200,000 recorded during the quarter. As Eric mentioned, in April, we closed on the acquisition of Saint 36, a 374-unit, high-end community located in Denver. The acquisition included a land parcel to develop an additional 79 units as part of the Phase 2 expansion, which we expect to begin later in 2018. Including the Phase 2 expansion, the total investment is expected to be approximately $128 million. Following quarter end, we also closed on a disposition of an additional land parcel located in Las Vegas for total proceeds of $9.5 million, which will produce a $2.8 million gain that will be recognized during the second quarter. Also, during the first quarter, we completed construction of one of our development communities, Post River North, located in Denver. The community was complete on plan with a total investment of $88.2 million and is expected to be stabilized in early 2019 at a 6.4% NOI yield. We currently have 2 communities remaining under construction with a total projected cost of $125.8 million, of which all but $24.4 million was funded as of quarter end. Including Post River North, our lease-up portfolio now contains 5 communities, totaling 1,509 units. Average occupancy for the group was 56.1% at quarter end. We expect 4 lease communities to stabilize in the second half of this year, and the remaining community to stabilize in the first half of 2019 at an overall average stabilized NOI yield of 6.4%, which will ultimately produce over $21 million of NOI. Our balance sheet remains in great shape. During the first quarter, we paid off an additional $38 million of secured debt, pushing our unencumbered NOI to over 85%. We also executed $300 million of forward interest rate hedges to secure future bond financings projected for later this year. At quarter end, our leverage is determined by our bond covenants, was only 33.1%, while our net debt-to-recurring-EBITDA was just over 5x. We also had almost $600 million of combined cash and borrowing capacity under our unsecured credit facility at quarter end. Finally, we are maintaining and confirming our outstanding guidance for all major components of our forecast, including net income, FFO, AFFO, same-store performance and transaction volumes. In summary, net income per diluted common share is projected to be $1.78 to $2.08 for the full year 2018. FFO is projected to be $5.85 to $6.15 per share or $6 per share at the midpoint, which includes $0.08 per share of projected final merger and integration cost related to Post merger. AFFO is projected to be $5.24 to $5.54 per share or $5.39 midpoint. For the second quarter, FFO is projected to be $1.43 to $1.53 per share or $1.48 per share at the midpoint. While we expect the continued volatility related to the valuation of the deferred shares acquired with the Post merger, our projections do not include any further valuation adjustments over the remainder of the year, as these adjustments are both noncash and impossible to predict. We remain on track to capture the full $20 million of overhead synergies related to the Post merger as well as other NOI and earnings opportunities outlined with the merger, which are reflected in our current guidance this year. That's all we have in the way of prepared comments. So Savannah, we'll now turn the call back over to you for questions.
Albert Campbell: Nick, this is Al. I will say, in general, as we've talked about before, what -- forecast is built on this year is really a few major components. Occupancy remaining strong at 96% through the year, certainly, through the back part of the year. Renewal pricing being consistent, 5%, 5.5%, and then new lease pricing being the key to that performance over the back half of the year. We have discussed that we do expect new lease pricing to be above prior year, and that will drive blended pricing -- I think for the remainder of the year, what we would expect to see was some more in the 70, 80 basis points range to capture our guidance at the midpoint. I'll tell you, though, in the first quarter of the year, we've captured 40% -- 40 basis points improvement over the prior year, as Tom mentioned. And April, actually, was much better than that at 90 basis points. And so we feel very good about the trend and the prospects, and so far what we lined up and outlined for guidance, we're right on track.
Albert Campbell: That's right. [indiscernible] The revenue -- good point. The revenue based on that would build, as we went through second quarter, would still be on the lower end. It would grow in the third and fourth more significantly.
Albert Campbell: Austin, this is Al. I would say we feel good about the guidance that we have for full year for expenses, which is 1.5% to 2.5%. Now with the first quarter at 1.6%, that would tell you that what we're expecting on the remaining 3 quarters is somewhere around 2%, maybe a little up north of 2%, blended for the back half of the year. I think that's what would we expect overall.
Albert Campbell: Yes. The Phase 2 is a smaller 79 unit, as you can -- you can do the math on that, which will be a very efficient addition because it will use most of the amenities and things from Phase 1 obviously.
Albert Campbell: I think it's around $1,000 per unit with -- $1,000, $1,200, all on things depending on whether you replace carpet or not. That's a big factor in there. I think that pushes it at the high end if you replace carpet. You do that every 5 years or so, and so I think that's roughly what we would say today.
Albert Campbell: I might just add to that too if the question is what is remaining to capture from those opportunities. Then one of the things we've talked about is the redevelopment. Remember, we're capping that over three years or so, and the plan this year to capture 1/3 of that. So it will take several years to roll that off to see that portfolio opportunity out at the pace we're doing this. So there are several things that will keep providing opportunity for us in the future.
Albert Campbell: Oh absolutely, no question. And one of the things we've talked about before is we've worked very hard our balance sheet over the last few years. Now we're at a point we've got a lot of public bonds outstanding on liquidity. We think we're ready to go to potentially a 30-year market at some point. And one of the things that we are looking to do to continue to strengthen our balance sheet is push our duration or maturities out. That's a specific target for us over the next few years, Drew. So can't tell you when we would do that. Obviously, we're going to work tactically when the market gives us that opportunity, but we do expect to seek that kind of activity over the next year or two.
Albert Campbell: Yes. I think for the rest of the year, you'll definitely continue to see repair and maintenance be a good performer for us, Tayo. You'll probably see personnel be in line what it is now. Repair and maintenance continues to show favorability, as we're capturing more of the Post opportunity. I think taxes, real estate taxes, will be pretty consistent. It was 2.6 for Q1, but there are some timing of the prior year appeal finalization. So 4% for the full year on that is about the right picture. And then I think we will say marketing expenses will be low, long term, in the lower end of, not negative, but low 0 to 1% kind of range. And so I think those are the key drivers of it, as you look at the back half of the year. The insurance renewal that we have last year is providing a lot of opportunity. In the first half of the year, we do renew in July, July 1 this year. We have an increase projected, so that's a little bit of a wildcard. We feel like our increase that we're having there is correct, but that's yet to be determined.
Thomas Grimes: Yes, and Nick, it's Tom. Last year, we ran with high occupancy and negative rent growth. As you know, the hurricane changed that a bit, and it takes time for the revised pricing to be replaced on each unit. So just to give you a flavor for what's coming, April blended rents in Houston were up 7.5%, and we think revenues will continue to fall. We just need that repricing to get on through the system.
Thomas Grimes: Yes. Honestly, Rob, not out of the shoot. I mean, we expected headwinds in Dallas and Austin and those are there. But we're pleased with the job growth there and then very pleased with places like Phoenix and Orlando right now.
Thomas Grimes: Yes, sure. New lease rates were, for the first quarter, combined same-store, new lease was negative 2.3, renewal, 5.5; blended, 1.6. And then for April, new lease rates are 10 basis points positive. Renewals are 5.6, and blended, 2.9. And then just on roughly on a blended basis, to save some math, but I'll go into detail if you want it, first quarter was up 40 basis points versus last year on blended, and April is up 90 basis points.
Thomas Grimes: And Dennis, Dennis, what I would tell you is, I think most of the benefit of the revenue management system on the Post portfolio, we're really beginning to capture that now, and you're seeing that in the new lease rates, and just be streamline reporting and quicker reacting.
Thomas Grimes: And Dennis, we've seen our single rate go up about 1 percentage point, which indicates supporting sort of Eric's point, we're not seeing people get married and sort of be backlogged in the unit in some way, shape or form, assuming that a married couple is more likely to buy a house than single.
Thomas Grimes: That's what we're so excited about the Post portfolio on is -- Post did a really, really fine job of picking locations that stood the test of time. So essentially, what you've got is we have mid-rise product that was 8 to 10 years old, let's say. And we're being shaded out by high rises that are looking for $3 a foot. So we're able to upgrade the unit, great bones, well-developed property, and we're able to stay even with the upgrade in units $200 to $500 less than new lease pricing. It's a real sweet spot for us.
Thomas Grimes: Yes, I want to take concessions. Well, new lease rates, I would expect on a net effect base, to continue to build on the pattern that they have for the first 4 months of the year. And then concessions, I would not expect. It really ramped up in the fourth quarter of last year, and we just don't see anything indicating that that's going to happen again this year.
Thomas Grimes: No, I do not have it at my fingertips. We can follow back up with you on that, Wes. But it is a number we're looking forward to comparing to.
Eric Bolton: Yes, I mean, the answer to your question is yes. We do think that some of the supply based on the most recent and updated information we have appears to be slipping a little bit later into the year. And yes, you're right, we do begin to see some of the pressure on, particularly, as I've mentioned, the new lease pricing prior to the actual deliveries of the unit, as pre-leasing activity starts up. But I will tell you that the slippage, if you will, of some of the supply until later in the year in some respects is not such a worrisome thing in the sense that it's slipping into the more robust time of the year for leasing anyway. What was really a problem last year, is we saw slippage take place in the third quarter with deliveries that we thought would happen in the third quarter move into the fourth quarter, which of course is the worst leasing quarter of the year. So moving some of the Q1 deliveries into Q2, Q3 is not such a bad thing, given that leasing activity is more robust. Having said that, I also want to quickly mention, while the revision that we're seeing on supply being pushed out a little bit is accompanied by also a higher job growth forecast than what we started the year with, we've seen job growth pick up on a blended basis about 40 basis points more than we expected starting this year. So while the supplies picture is moving around a little bit in terms of timing, we're encouraged with continued healthy demand and job growth taking place, which I think is going to be helpful.
Eric Bolton: If something else obviously, some of the early wins we were getting on the expense side began showing up early in the last half of last year. So the comps, the comparisons to prior year get a little tougher as we get towards the back half of the year. The absolute savings continues, but the comps just get a little bit hard, which will of course affect year-over-year results.
Eric Bolton: Yes, what we expect to spend on Phase 2. The stabilized yield that we expect to get out of this project is upper-5 range, as it gets -- Phase 2 gets fully built out and leased up. So we, as I mentioned in my comments, it's an incredible location. And we think that as we continue to build out our Denver presence, we think this is going to be a great addition. But we expect to be in the upper-5 range on the stabilized NOI yield on this deal over the next couple of years or so.
Eric Bolton: And the Phase 1 was about 68% occupied when we bought it, so that'll give you an indication of sort of the initial yield.
Eric Bolton: We have parcels already that we own in Fort Worth, in McKinney, North Dallas, satellite city in North Dallas, McKinney, Texas, and we have a site in Cherry Creek submarket in Denver. We would expect potentially to be underway with all of that very late this year, maybe a little bit. The Cherry Creek site may slip into early next year, but we're still working to predevelopment on those 3 opportunities. We also control opportunities, another opportunity, and also, we have a phase 3 opportunity in Raleigh, North Carolina with an existing property that we will likely pull the trigger on later this year. In addition to that, we have another site in Denver that we are working that we have on the contract. And we also have a site in Orlando that we are working on.
Eric Bolton: And that's one of the key things that has helped us with the Post portfolio is we're handling close to 80% of those turns in-house, meaning, sort of paint and carpet cleaning. The carpet installation and replacement, the capital item that Al mentioned, we contract that out. By comparison, Post really use contract labor for the overwhelming majority of their paint and carpet cleans.
Eric Bolton: Well, I will tell you, it gets a little hard to point to specific things. Generally, a lot of the expense savings that we hope to get as a result of just renegotiating a lot of contracts and services for various services and supplies and products that we use, and that really wasn't so much a function of the systems conversion and consolidation effort, if you will. I will tell you, on the revenue side is where I think the opportunity comes from in terms of where the opportunity is as a result of putting both companies on the same platform. We, frankly, just get more efficient in how we manage the company. Right now, our regional leadership and -- are working with two different systems and having to look at two different sets of reports, and our LRO or revenue management system is not as fully optimized because of having to, if you will, still interface with two versions of our property management software. So there's lot of inefficiencies, frankly, that we have in terms of just how we manage the business by having the portfolios on 2 different systems. And I think as a consequence, and we're about halfway through the conversion process at this point. We'll wrap up here in another 90 days or so. And I think it ultimately just gets to a point where we have more efficiency now. The other thing that comes from this is, frankly, with the new system, we're introducing a little bit more robust activity as it relates to sort of web-based activities as a new consolidated web platform that is being finalized, and so it's a lot of things. A lot of them are subtle. But in aggregate, we think it just creates a lot more ability to bring intensity to the things that we really want to focus on as opposed to a lot of focus on putting systems together. We sort of are able to, if you will, get back to work in a much more intense fashion as a consequence of the merger.
Eric Bolton: I think it's happening. I think it will be instant, frankly. I think it happens. What remaining little inefficiencies we have sort of dissipates as a consequence of finally being on the same system.
Eric Bolton: I think that a lot of it is a change in behavior. I think that we certainly continue to see average age, average income continue to move up -- within our resident portfolio over the last couple of years. We continue to see the percentage of female versus male continue to move up as a consequence of the last two or three years with the trend. Certainly, the ability to go out and buy a starter home is more challenging, and I'm sure that factors into it to some degree. But I think -- I continue to believe that a lot of it is more social, and more about just our behavior patterns of our resident profile as much as it is anything.
Eric Bolton: Sure, Trent. And I'll just move well through it with Atlanta and going down at concessions. It's really about submarket in Atlanta. We've got 1 to 2 months free in Buckhead and Midtown. There are pockets of 1-month free, depending on specific lease-up places, like Roswell Road in 285 or the perimeter, has a little bit of pressure with 1 month outside the perimeter. Concessions are really pretty rare there. In Austin, we've got -- we see sort of 1 month in Cedar Park, which is north area and in South Austin. The tightest part is -- or the most pressured is sort of that South Congress Lamar corridor, and we're seeing 6 weeks to 2 months there. That's pretty similar with what we saw earlier. And then in -- and in Dallas, we're seeing 1 to 2 months in Frisco, Plano and Richardson. Uptown is running close to 6 weeks, which is actually slightly better than what we saw previously. It was running closer to 2 months. And uptown supply is about 2,000 units, which is about -- we expect that in '18, which is about what it was in '17.
Eric Bolton: Yes. I mean, the transaction market is incredibly competitive. We, as I mentioned in my call comments, we -- I mean, the number of deals that we underwrote in the first quarter is the highest we've had in over 5 years in the first quarter, which is typically a very slow quarter for deal activity. So we continue to see a lot of volume. But we've seen cap rates, if anything, over the last 6 months move down a little bit. I mean, routinely, you're in 4.5 to 4.75 range in some of the bigger markets, and you're low 5 -- 5 to 5.25, and perhaps, some of the smaller markets has more capital, and continues to weigh into some of these more, if you will, non-coastal markets or more secondary markets. So it's incredibly competitive. And we continue to remain active in the market, but believe that based on the hurdles and the disciplines that we're holding ourselves accountable for in terms of any capital deployment that -- where the pricing is right now, it's just hard to really justify some of the pricing that we see happening. And so we're going to remain patient, frankly, as we think that -- as we get a little later into the cycle. I think later this year, supply trends being what they are, that the opportunities may get a little bit more favorable, but it's pretty competitive right now.
Eric Bolton: Well, we've been looking at the Denver market for, frankly, the last several years. We continue to believe that the growth dynamics there are very compelling. I think that there's just a lot of good things associated with -- I think the next 10 years likely that occur in Denver from a job growth perspective and migration and household demand for that market. Some of the West Coast markets continue to become prohibitively expensive to live in. We think that the markets like Denver, Phoenix, continue to find favor with a lot of households and employers as well. As a result of the merger we did with Post, you may recall, they actually had a development project already underway there, and so that really gave us the toehold into the Denver market that we've been working to find for several years. And then as a consequence of now spending more time in the market, we are -- we went out and created an off-market opportunity on the Sync36 acquisition that we looked at. As I mentioned, we also have another site in the Cherry Creek submarket, very compelling and high-end submarket there, just a little bit southeast of downtown that Post had already on balance sheet that we're working on. So we're going to continue to -- and then we've got another site that we're working that we recently have been working for the past year or so sort of tie-up. So it's just a very slow methodical process that we're continuing to work through, both in terms of development as well as acquisition. And we'll be patient as we look to build out our presence in the Denver market, but we very much like the growth dynamics in that market, and continue to feel that it's a good fit for us.
Eric Bolton: Well, I think that, as you alluded to, I mean, we've worked a lot over the last 5 years, both as a consequence of capital recycling and 2 fairly significant M&A events that have really gotten the position of the portfolio more or less where we want it. I think that we've got the balance and the diversification. We shrunk, reduced, if you will, the number of markets that we're in pretty significantly as a consequence of -- we think created a little bit more efficiency in terms of how we were able to operate the portfolio. So I think that it's a long way of saying we sort of like where we are right now. I think the opportunity to then ramp-up recycling of capital by selling more assets really comes back to the opportunity to match or to fund or match -- fund the capital we pull out of those dispositions and into something that is attractive and would offer an improvement, if you will, in our long-term earnings growth rate over what we're selling. And we're having a hard time finding new deployment opportunities right now that are particularly compelling in terms of pricing. And so as a consequence, we think the right thing to do at the moment is to continue to clip the earnings coupons that we have coming out of a lot of the investments that we have today, keep our earnings coverage strong, keep the balance sheet strong, keep the optionality in place. And I think that we're at a point where, obviously, there's just a wall of capital out there that is continuing to chase multi-family real estate. I don't think it will always be this way, but I think that we're going to continue to be patient with the optionality that we have right now. And I think just selling a bunch of assets and using the proceeds in a compelling way right now is not a good environment for that right now. So we're -- and obviously, it's a good time to be a seller, but finding an attractive use of the capital without really creating earnings pressure associated with that is difficult to pull off right now.
Eric Bolton: Well, we think we've got a pretty big war chest right now. And I think that giving up earnings right now doesn't seem to be particularly compelling for us. We think that the right thing to do right now is continue to enjoy the earnings that we're getting from the portfolio. We've put the organization through a significant amount of earnings dilution over the last 5 years, recycling over -- well over $1 billion of capital from high-yielding to low-yielding assets. Longer-term earnings growth rate is better as a consequence of these new assets. But we put the organization to a significant dilutive event, both in terms of the recycling that we've done through the merger with Colonial, and more recently, through the merger with Post. We have deleveraged the balance sheet massively over the last 5 years. So we've done a lot of dilution, if you will, earnings dilution over the last 5 years in order to position the company, we think, for a better future earnings growth profile, and a lot of that has been accomplished right now. So we don't see a big need to do more of it right now. We think, frankly, the thing for us to do over the next few years is to harvest the earnings out all the stuff that we've done for the last 5 years, and that's really where our focus is.
Eric Bolton: No, not really. I think that we continue to see that, frankly, what development does get done today. And I think I've seen the reason why this is going to change anytime given the significant rise in construction cost and significant rise in land cost. The only thing it pencils right now is to build a pretty high-end, very high-rent kind of product. It's the only way you can make it work. And so I don't think there's any reason to see that those conditions are going to change in such a fashion that all of a sudden, you're going to see a wave of modest -- more modest fleet price product starting to be built out. I just don't see that happening.
Eric Bolton: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I guess we look forward to seeing everyone in NAREIT in a few weeks, so thank you.
