Robert Sharps: Yeah. Alex, good morning. And thank you for the question. Look, I did note in the prepared remarks that we expect November and December to have elevated outflows. And November, in particular, is impacted by a single large mandate. December should be consistent with what we've seen in December for the last couple of years. So I do think it's logical to ask given that weakness, why are we confident that outflows should be lower next year. And the first thing I would say is that we're already seeing some year-over-year improvement in flows in certain channels. In particular, channels that tend to respond a little more quickly to changes in performance. And that's despite what I would characterize as a pretty challenging industry backdrop. That is specific -- that improvement -- I'd say you can point to a number of areas. If you just look at trends in Q3, we had just under $3 billion of inflows in the retirement date funds and gross sales up 10% year-over-year. We have positive flows in fixed income, multi-asset broadly and alternatives. You mentioned ETFs. We had our best quarter for ETF sales. It's still small in building. I think it can be a contributor in 2024, but I don't think it will be the most meaningful driver of performance or improvement in flows. I think the most meaningful driver will be one, I think if some of the money on the sidelines from an industry perspective extends their time horizon or risk appetite, and you have more flows in equities broadly. Two, I think a broadening of performance in the US equity market would be helpful for active relative to passive. Three, ultimately, the longer term performance numbers as they flow through will really begin to impact flows. And four, we've highlighted a number of different strategic initiatives that we're working on. Alternatives being one of them. So we do think that OCredit will contribute next year. But in the overall scale of our organization, I wouldn't necessarily say that I think either OCredit or ETF will be a predominant driver of improved flows. I think they'll be additive. But we're going to have to see improvement in the core asset classes and in the core channels to really have 2024 kind of be a better picture with regard to flows than 2023.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. I would note quickly with regard to the VA channel, the challenges in the VA channel, something that we've navigated for a very long period of time. So that's not something that's new or specific to the elevated outflows this year. It may be in a particular month or a particular quarter. But it's a part of the book that we've navigated some pressure over a relatively long period of time.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. Hi, Brian. Very good question. Look, we incorporate ESG into our investment decision-making process consistently and we don't let near-term or long-term political issues affect it. Our process is very much based on using insights generated by our fundamental analysts are using our fixed income team, using our responsible investing team. And what the RI team specifically does it helps our portfolio managers and analysts identify risks and opportunities understand the parts of the company's long-term strategy that could be materially affected by changes across ESoG and then incorporating that into our investment decision-making process. So it is not affected by short-term political wins, and it leads us to better outcomes for our clients in all environments. In terms of demand, the ESG set broadly defined still grew in 2023. And across the channels geographically. If you look at EMEA, APAC and even North America, if you exclude one very large reallocation that was done by a competitor firm within their retirement set. So we still think that there's commercial opportunity here and we work with clients to meet them where they want to be. We have the capabilities to do that across fixed income and equities. And we feel really good about that -- the capability that we've built over many years.
Robert Sharps: I would just add quickly, we do think there's a big opportunity for active ETFs in the wealth channel. We do have some ETF specialists that support our regional investment consultants and home office teams that engage with our broker/dealer and advisory clients. We think there's a big opportunity given our multi-asset capabilities in models over time to use our ETFs as components of those underlying models. And I do think longer term, given the of the traits of the ETF vehicle that there will be more for us to do with regard to evaluating opportunities where we can deliver our unique investment capabilities and address needs that clients have. So I think I'm encouraged that we're making some progress, but I do think we've got much more to do here.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. With regard to specific successes or launches this year, we did bring a muni SMA that was developed specifically for a single distribution partner. We also launched earlier this year two additional equity SMAs, US all-cap opportunities and global focused growth. As I said, this continues to be a big opportunity. I think we disclosed an AUA number that is roundly $10 billion. But you have to remember that, that includes not only model account submission in retail SMA, but also where we do glide path advisory and custom target date funds. So that wouldn't all be the sort of SMA that you're necessarily referring to or that we're talking about in terms of addressing the channel -- the opportunity in the wealth channel.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. Glenn, maybe less straightforward than you think. First, we offer our flagship series, which is a higher equity glide path. We also offer a target series which is a lower equity glide path for those clients whose participant base has a lower risk tolerance or for clients that prefer that as part of their overall plan design. That's the first point I would make. The second point I would make is that while the strategic portfolio design determines the equity allocation at a certain point along the glide path, we also have the ability to make tactical allocations to asset classes and underlying building blocks. And we've actually been underweight equities over the course of this year from a tactical asset allocation perspective. So our asset allocation committee has the flexibility to -- within bands, reallocate funds along that glide path.  I also would say that within our equity allocation, there are building blocks that are more or less conservative, and we've worked on developing and introducing a hedged equity component that ultimately has a little less equity beta. Finally, I would point out that in Q3, while the markets were down, we had excellent performance within our target date series across low and high equity glide path and across vintages and that was driven -- at the margin a little bit by that underweight of equities, but I would say more so by the strategic portfolio design in some of the building blocks that we have in fixed income and just very strong security selection in the underlying strategies. So beneath the surface, there's a lot going on there. You're right that philosophically, we do believe, particularly for longer dated vintages that a high equity component is really important. But there are other ways to drive value in terms of the strategic portfolio design and the building blocks, the tactical asset allocation and the security selection of the underlying portfolios. And so far this year, I think we've been hitting on all cylinders.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. Dan, thank you for the question. Look, we feel like our flagship retirement date funds are the best offering in the business. If you look at the strategic portfolio design, if you look at the underlying building blocks, a number of alpha rich diversifiers in there, areas like bank loan, areas like high yield. It's been a big focus for us. We made a substantial investment in 2021 in the competitiveness of our fees. And we also have a broad range. For those plans that are particularly fee sensitive, we have a blend series that does use passive in US -- in large cap US equity and in core fixed income. So we really believe we have a great value proposition to take on passive. And I think if you look at the performance of the T. Rowe Price fund, whether it's the flagship or whether it's blend and you compare that to passive, I think the numbers really stand for themselves. It's an important area for us. It's an area that we dedicate specific marketing dollars and support to and it's an area where we have momentum right now.  We have record flows on a year-to-date basis in the target date franchise. There are always some planned dynamics around year-end, where you might have a plan that's terminated oftentimes, new ones on board in January. So I'm not going to comment on -- and sometimes there's not even a lot of visibility as you go into year-end with regard to whether or not something kind of either going out or coming in will land in December or land in January. But if you take the longer view, we feel really good about the value proposition. We feel really good about our momentum. It feels like our retirement date franchise as a whole is really resonating in the marketplace, and we're excited to carry that momentum forward into 2024.
Robert Sharps: Yeah. Finian, thank you for the question. Okay. In terms of trends, we actually just reached effectiveness at the end of the third quarter. So this is really our first month. And our current focus is on building a wide distribution syndicate of wealth platforms by leveraging our strong existing relationships in the wealth channel. So we have regional investment consultants in the field that have relationships with brokers and advisers. We've got the home office relationships, and we're really just getting started. I think what we've heard is that the combination of OHA's 30-year history of delivering great performance in alternative credit and T. Rowe Price's presence in the wealth channel and resources in the wealth channel should be pretty powerful. Before we worry about kind of thinking about what we're going to do next, I think we're really, really focused on executing with regard to OCredit. We think it is a very well-designed, excellent value proposition in a way to bring the OHA capabilities to the wealth channel. We will, in time, think about what our product pipeline is and kind of ultimately, I think, build on the success of this with follow-on offerings and we'll engage with our wealth clients to see where there are opportunities to do some things that are unique and it will be in demand. We -- as we go out, we do have a handful of top advisory platforms that we're launching on in Q4 and have some visibility with regard to launch -- with regard to other partners as we get into early 2024. So for now, we're really excited about OCredit. I'd say much too early to comment on kind of monthly flows, but we're encouraged by the platforms that we're launching on. And our team will be working hard on what the right follow-on will be in this marketplace, but it will be some time until our focus pivots from being really successful with OCredit to what the next offering will be.
Robert Sharps: All right. Very good. Thank you for joining us and for your interest in T. Rowe Price. As we've talked about, our investment performance continued to show signs of strength this quarter, particularly in our largest franchises. Our associates are working hard to make progress on our strategic initiatives, and we're very, very focused on executing against our cost-saving efforts. While we continue to face elevated net outflows, we are very optimistic that the flow picture will improve in 2024. And I'm very confident in the work our associates are doing and our plan to make progress toward returning to organic growth. Really appreciate the dedication and hard work of our associates, and that's kind of really what's behind that progress. So thank you again.
Jen Dardis: Sure. So from an overall perspective, that's what we tried to give the 2% to 4% range for the full year to give you a sense for what the fourth quarter would be to fill in against the actuals through the first three quarters. And then with regard to the seasonal items, some are seasonal and would be similar in fourth quarter this year and fourth quarter next year, some are more one-time in nature. But the comment that you made about carrying over into Q1, certainly things that are seasonal in Q4, we would expect it wouldn't go into the Q1 number. Just to dimensionalize it, first of all, we mentioned a one-time item. This was an operating item that we mentioned was a recovery of prior period costs. That's about $20 million, so you would expect that would not recur and then that benefit would not recur. And then the other items are a little bit more evenly split in terms of an increase in professional fees the long-term incentive plans. This is the stock-based compensation, and we have retirement vesting that are recognized in December when we do those grants. So that creates a pop every quarter, every fourth quarter.
Jen Dardis: No. There hasn't been. It's not a significant number in the flows at this point. Again, I think this is part of an overall plan. If you think about the wealth strategy that we've been talking about for the last year. Newer vehicles are part of that broader plan and some clients prefer ETF just based on their clients and how they buy, some prefer SMAs and obviously, some platforms still have a fairly large mutual fund complex. And so as we think about being able to provide our products for clients, we want to just make sure we have that broad suite of vehicles available for whatever type of clients that are buying from them.
Jen Dardis: I think we've talked in previous times. If you think about the flows into target dates, there are two components. There's the participant flows that go in that are kind of more regular. These are the paycheck additions or distributions for people who are in retirement those don't add significantly to the balances year-end and throughout the year. But -- so when you see the flows into target dates on a net basis, those are actual new plan wins typically. And so when we talk about pressure at year-end. That's about plan changes, not about participant changes. And so this is a good sign for us as we look at positive flows that we're continuing to add new plans to the stable of clients that we have.
