Robert Sharps: Thank you, Linsley. And thanks to all of you for joining us. Before we get started, I want to share that in late November, Eric was named Head of Global Investments in recognition of his strong leadership, as well as his extensive investment experience. I know he will continue to focus on pursuing superior outcomes for our clients, and both Jen and I congratulate him on his expanded role. Eric will provide today's update on our investment organization, followed by Jen who will cover our financial results. With that, I will turn to 2023 results. While 2023 was a challenging year for us with substantial net outflows, it also brought progress. Investment performance improved, and we advanced important work to ensure our firm is positioned for future growth. We are already seeing a number of early indicators that support our confidence that better days are ahead. We have a long and solid track record of putting clients first and pursuing excellence. As we near our 88th anniversary, I am confident that we will build on this tradition, delivering compelling value for our clients, our associates and our shareholders. As I mentioned, we made meaningful progress against our strategic priorities in 2023. Our active ETF business is gaining traction, with assets under management over $2.7 billion at the end of January. We launched the T. Rowe Price OHA Select Private Credit Fund, or OCREDIT, with over $1.5 billion of investable capital, and are in the early stages of bringing this product to the wealth management channel. We acquired Retiree, Inc. to enhance our ability to expand and retain relationships with pre-retiree and retiree clients by providing tax-aware retirement income and Social Security claiming strategies. This acquisition demonstrates our commitment to broadening and evolving our already strong retirement capabilities and deepens our position as a retirement leader. We partnered with the International Finance Corporation to create the T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Blue Economy Bond Strategy, a pioneering blue bond strategy that will focus on private companies operating in emerging markets. We expanded our Capital Appreciation suite with the launch of the T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation and Income Fund for investors seeking an income-oriented fund. We have an industry-leading position in our Target Date franchise, with strong investment performance and net inflows of $13.1 billion last year. Building on this strength, we continue to innovate and add new capabilities, including moving beyond accumulation. The engagement and collaboration among our investment teams got back to what I would characterize as healthy pre-pandemic levels. Our culture thrives on the energy around our teams engaging with corporate management teams, traveling together, and debating risks and opportunities. This is how our investment platform delivers its best for clients. We are evolving as markets and our clients demand more, and we are ready to compete with additional vehicles, new capabilities and new experiences. Leading indicators support our confidence that there will be a slower pace of net outflows this year. We are seeing improved performance in large-cap growth funds and expect that the rebound in 2023 will reduce redemptions in 2024. Key elements of strategic initiatives are delivering. We're seeing improving gross sales in our Individual Investor channel, with Q4 having the highest gross sales of any quarter over the last two years. We saw positive momentum for net flows in our US Wealth Management Platform segment in Q4. And in EMEA, we were recently selected by a large UK wealth management firm to manage a custom multi-asset income fund. Despite a challenging year, our balance sheet remains solid with $2.5 billion of cash and discretionary investments at the end of 2023. We continue to prioritize the dividend, while maintaining ample liquidity to support our seed capital program, opportunistic buybacks and potential M&A. We recently announced a quarterly dividend of $1.24, which increased for the 38th consecutive year. I want to underscore that the progress I've highlighted is a result of our associates commitment to investment excellence, to superb client service and to driving our corporate strategy forward. We are grateful for their hard work, and are confident that together we will return the firm to organic growth. I'll now turn to Eric.
Robert Sharps: Dan. Good morning. Thank you for the question. Our base case for 2024 is that we will have outflows, but we do expect improvement from 2023. First, the investment strategies with the most substantial outflows in 2022 and 2023 had much better performance in 2023, that should translate into lower client redemptions and improve sales over time. And in fact, we are seeing evidence of that already. You're beginning to see improvements in gross sales in some of those strategies. And if you look at our notified terminations or if you look at our at risk, as we go into 2024, I feel like we're in a meaningfully better position than we were going into 2023. I'd point out a handful of other things. One, I think we expect the contribution from OHA and new vehicles, ETFs and SMA to build going forward. I feel like we are beginning to see some momentum build there. And when we combine all of that with some early-stage sales momentum from some of our strategic initiatives, I'm confident that this will be a better year. How much better, I'd say, is to be determined. To some extent, I think it is dependent on continued execution from an investment performance perspective, it's contingent on risk appetites in the marketplace and levels of volatility. It's contingent on some -- more -- greater risk appetite and lengthening time horizons as some of the money on the sidelines reengages and extends time horizons. But as I look across our distribution channels and across our strategies, there are a number of areas where I'm encouraged. First and foremost, target date, we had an excellent year in 2023, we expect another strong year in 2024. January retirement date flows were just shy of $3 billion. We had net flows and target dates in Q4, which is unusual seasonally. They were modest, but nonetheless, first Q4 where we've had positive flows since 2019. But beyond that, whether it's in RPS core market or USI wealth or our individual investment, there are pockets where I think we are beginning to see better trends. So in light of that, I think we're pretty confident that we will have a better year in 2024 than we had in 2023, and I think we'll build momentum throughout the course of the year.
Robert Sharps: Sure. Thank you for the question. Specifically with regard to OCredit, OCredit’s raised over $100 million since the end of September, when we went effective with the SEC and we expect a similar amount throughout the course of Q1 and momentum to build throughout the course of the year as we launch on additional adviser and broker-dealer platforms. I'd say it's a very competitive market for private credit in the wealth channel and nontraded BDCs and the benign credit environment made it difficult to differentiate on performance. But we continue to be very confident that the combination of T. Rowe Price and OHA's home office relationships in the wealth channel, and T. Rowe Price field support, combined with OHA's long-term track record in private credit and relationships with issuers will lead to success with both OCredit and follow-on products. We are hearing from the wealth platforms that they're interested in follow-on products as they build their relationship with T. Rowe Price and OHA and private market alternatives and we're evaluating our alternatives there. Again, if you take a step back with regard to OHA, fee-basis AUM in alternatives for us was up 10% in 2023. They have just under $12 billion in capital commitments that are uninvested at this point. You will see a redemption in January when we report monthly for slightly over $1 billion in the alternatives category. But even despite that, we're pretty confident that we'll see OHA building momentum in 2024, and we expect an acceleration in flows this year. I think it's important to remember that some of the capital raised for OHA in 2023 was for distressed and deployment is trigger-based. So that only will go into flows as it's deployed. But if you look at the underlying performance of OHA strategies, it's very strong. If you look at our pipeline, it's healthy and as strong as it's been since we closed the deal in private credit in particular, and OHA is in the market launching Olin, which is a dedicated senior private lending fund, and that's a part of the market where demand has been strong. It's very early days there, but I would say initially, interest has been encouraging from seed and anchor investors. So collectively, when we look at the contribution from OHA in 2024 and beyond, we're confident that it will build and become more substantial over the course of this year and years to come.
Robert Sharps: Yes, Craig, thank you for the question. I think we do anticipate that some of that money comes off the sidelines that it will look to fixed income, given higher rates and better potential for absolute return. I think -- look, I think we're underestimated in terms of our fixed income capabilities. We have a strong fixed income team and a global platform with a number of strategies with good results across plus sectors and in the core, including global multi-sector and QM bond. We're also very focused on launching new vehicles and deepening our go-to-market and sales capabilities in fixed income. With higher rates, offering more attractive total returns, we intend to compete aggressively. Specifically as it relates to Q4 flows, much of what you saw was a sizable redemption in a short duration strategy, and I wouldn't consider that to be predictive of flows going forward. We also have a pretty meaningful stable value and floating rate franchise, which really benefited from the rate environment as people wanted to be short duration and rates were rising in 2022, and we saw the other side of that a little bit in 2023. But as I think about our potential in fixed income, it's an area where we are making investments, and we are intent on growing going forward.
Robert Sharps: Yes -- from -- I'll take the last one first. We expect relative growth outside of the U.S. to be greater than what it is in the U.S. But the arithmetic of that is not that challenging, given that we have a relatively small base from which that we would need to grow off of. We have a number of focused markets outside of the U.S. both in Asia Pacific and EMEA, and those are the areas where we're really concentrating our resources. Japan, Australia, Germany, Italy, the U.K. and Canada. And we would expect each of those markets to meaningfully outgrow the U.S. over the course of the next several years. In fact, I would say, if you were to look at our flow trends before 2023, we had positive contribution reasonably consistently I think in each year over the last many years from APAC, and I think you'd have to go back a couple of years, but we had several years of positive contribution from EMEA before 2021. In terms of the resources outside of the U.S. I think it's important first to realize that some of those are decked against global investment strategies. So not all of them are specific to AUM raised outside of the U.S. But we have roundly 8,000 associates and about 1,300 of those associates are domiciled outside of the U.S. Again, a number of those people are investment professionals that we are leveraging for global and multiregional strategies. So I think if you're thinking about the profitability of those regions that may not be -- the associated account may not be the right way to look at it. What I will say is that, we are profitable, if you look at our EMEA and our APAC businesses and you look at the revenue from clients domiciled there, and you direct expenses and allocate some other meaningful expenses against those. We are profitable in those areas. And I also think that we've built ahead. So those are areas where we can get some very meaningful leverage off of the existing investments that we've made in distribution, as well as the global investment platform that we've developed.
Robert Sharps: Sure. Our priorities with regard to capital allocation haven't changed. We want to first and foremost, invest in the company; second, protect and raise the regular dividend and put ourselves in a position to have the flexibility to make appropriate acquisitions as the opportunities present themselves. But we also kind of generate a lot of cash flow and historically have been opportunistic with regard to our share repurchase. I'd say what has changed at the margin last year was that the buyback was more muted given lower free cash flow after the dividend. I think if you think about the order of magnitude for potential over the course of 2024 based on our planning, it's not going to go back to the $1 billion a year or the levels that you saw in years before 2023. But I think we will be opportunistic and we'll take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace to repurchase shares. And over time, I have an objective of taking the share count lower. So I think you could think about the levels of 2023 as a base case, but there are a lot of contingencies and Alex, there could be quite a bit of variability around that. And as you know, we do have a strong balance sheet and kind of given the right opportunity, we certainly would have the potential to outspend cash flow, but that's on our base case.
Robert Sharps: Yes. Specifically, as it relates to Retiree, they have a set of proprietary algorithms that help retirement investors make the transition from accumulation to decumulation and look at optimizing social security elections, as well as which assets to liquidate first and when to take withdrawals from your tax deferred retirement investments. We showed a slide in the supplement with regard to the portion of our AUM that are in defined contribution plans as well as retirement-related overall. And if you think about our individual investor business, one of our strategic initiatives is retirement advisory services. So for our advisory capabilities to be able to incorporate differentiated guidance with regard to how to most tax efficiently support your lifestyle and cash flow needs in retirement, that's value add. And that's really where we've rolled it out initially. Longer term, we see a tremendous amount of opportunity to incorporate it into, for instance, our record-keeping offerings to differentiate the offering for plan sponsors and participants. But also, I think we have a meaningful potential to partner with people in the wealth channel with our intermediary partners. So I think it's very early days for us exploring kind of what the potential is. In terms of our approach to M&A, it's still the same. We're looking for things that add capabilities that make us more important to our clients and that fits strategically and culturally and make financial sense.
Robert Sharps: All right. Very good. Thank you. Well, thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in T. Rowe Price. As I said at the outset, 2023 was a challenging year for us, but we also made a lot of progress, better investment performance, a lot of advancement with regard to our strategic work to position us for future growth, and that's beginning to translate into results that give us some confidence that we do see better days ahead and have the potential to continue to deliver great value for clients, associates and shareholders. So again, thank you, and good day.
