Joel Marcus: Thank you, Paula, and welcome, everybody, to our second quarter earnings call. Our one-of-a-kind company, which pioneered the lab space niche, continues to perform well in both good times and tough times, demonstrating the resiliency of our unique business model in our now post-pandemic world. In fact, COVID-19 really reaffirmed the sustained strength of our life science industry fundamentals and the need for our essential lab space infrastructure. This favorable backdrop for this nation's -- one of the nation's most mission-critical industries, which we serve, continues to underpin our business, driving demand for our world-class brand and highly differentiated assets and operations. I want to thank each and every member of the Alexandria family team for an operationally and financially excellent second quarter. A big shout out to the finance and accounting team for winning the 2023 NAREIT Gold Award awarded by NAREIT in June for the best REIT reporting and transparency, and amazingly, an unprecedented eighth award and most ever by any REIT. Alexandria is truly a best-in-class REIT, which pioneered the lab space niche and which I believe has made a metamorphic and innovative and transformational impact on our life science industry for the last 29 years. We're very proud of the stellar balance sheet we built since the days of the great financial crisis when we were a small and unrated REIT. Upon the closing of our $1 billion line of credit accordion add-on, one of the banks said of Alexandria "Congratulations on the successful expansion of your credit facility to $5 billion." This is a significant accomplishment in any environment where many real estate owners are struggling to source debt capital. It is a testament to the strength, quality and endurance of the Alexandria platform. So let me turn to some highlights of the quarter. Dean will cover in detail, but I want to just give a little bit of perspective. The second quarter was a very strong reporting quarter, generally in line with our 5- and 10-year historical run rates, REIT financial metrics and certainly outside of the rocket ship performance during COVID. We had strong FFO per share growth in both the second quarter and the first half approximating 7%, especially in a continuing challenging macro and nicely beating consensus. Strong leasing quarter at 1.3 million rentable square feet ahead of the historical run rate of about 1.1 million square feet and NOI was up nicely, almost $200 million for the quarter. Positive rental growth, stable occupancy and solid same-store NOI increases also hosted. The continuing strength and I think overall solidity of our fortress balance sheet continues. Our ability to reiterate and maintain strong guidance, way, all the metrics should demonstrate our continuing confidence and our tenants demand for essential lab space, coupled with our ability to operate successfully in a moderately elevated supply dynamic environment. And then let me make a couple of comments on the life science industry, which Jenna will detail in just a moment, a couple of high-level observations. M&A, a critical part of the capital recycling, continues to increase mostly with bolt-on product deals, which is a good and positive sign. Series A rounds in 2023 so far have averaged about $60 million, an all-time high, and biologics, not surprisingly, have attracted the majority of early-stage investments. And with that kind of brief intro, let me turn it over to Jenna Foger.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Maybe just a little more color, Tony. We have one new mega campus that we're entitling on the West Coast and one on the East Coast. And in both cases, we have, in one case, a current tenant, in the other case, a former tenant, have approached us to take a significant portion of those campuses. So, we're actively pushing entitlements and thinking about site design and all those things. But before we would kick something off, as Dean said, and as Peter said many times, we want to make sure that our spread to our cost of capital is sufficient and long-term IRRs to be certainly positive.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And remember, Tony, too, and as we've pointed out before, COVID certainly enabled and caused a lot of companies to repatriate certain overseas processes back into the kind of the home lab and also with the much more sophisticated new modalities, cell therapy, gene therapy, et cetera. The enhancements and the complication of work environments have been expanded as well. So those are two kind of big macro forces that have made a big difference, say, over the last three to five years.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think I'll have Jenna kind of give you her take on venture capital. But remember, we've returned to kind of the high run rates pre-COVID. So it still is healthy. What you've seen is a slower allocation and greater reserves just given the macro market. But Jenna, maybe some numbers.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And remember the comment that I made, Series A, $60 million this year, all-time high, that's pretty astounding when you think about it.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And I would say as a footnote, I know personally that there are a number of companies preparing for an IPO in 2024 and that just has not been possible over the last, say, except for extraordinarily rare exceptions on the public markets for the sector. That's a really good sign. I think people are looking at the Fed action maybe today or tomorrow. I forgot what day that is where they think it's kind of going to peak and obviously, the strength of activity, M&A and partnering has all had significant upticks. So that means pretty darn good activity. And I think Peter said or Jenna said, there's always clinical failures in all -- across all modalities and therapeutic classifications. But there's been some awfully good news these days in the diabetes and obesity area and the neurodegenerative area, ALS, which is one of our former directors had a young daughter who died of that disease. We're seeing some remarkable advancements here.
Joel Marcus: Well, yes, this is Joel. Vikram, let me say maybe this regarding your first question. I think we probably don't want to say given just the proprietary nature of what we do and how we do it, talk too much about requirements. Some are sole-sourced RFPs. Some are broader RFPs. Some are existing tenants that come from our own tenant base that aren't in the markets. I don't think we want to make any comments, particularly about that. I think when it comes to leasing, we can only give you the best judgment we have based on Dean's affirmation of guidance both on -- when it comes to the issue of rental rates, occupancy, et cetera. We haven't given our view of 2024 yet. We will do that toward year-end. But I think it's fair to say that, remember, we've got a long history, and Peter cited some of the numbers of quarterly leasing. The vast majority of that comes from our own tenants. And so we have -- I think we have our finger on the pulse and ear to the ground in a way that very few people or groups could have. And I think that gives us the confidence that we can achieve our business plan for this year that by the way we articulated last November, and we'll do the same. I think beyond that, I'm not sure we can or want to give any further color.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I'll make a comment. Remember, Illumina still is a pioneer and a leader in their category. They did have an activist attack from icon regarding some management strategies kind of weirdly enough a lot to do about GRAIL, the EU and the FTC took issue with or Illumina acquiring GRAIL. Well, the weird thing is GRAIL was started and spun out of Illumina, and it made no sense, but yet here's an ideological kind of a thing going on. Illumina is as strong as ever. They have a -- they've got a lot of their market that they can still left to penetrate, but I'll ask Dan Ryan, who run San Diego and who's been very involved in Illumina that maybe give you a kind of a broad view of what's going on in their campus.
Joel Marcus: Yes. The two sites that they announced, they were retrenching from were not owned by and operated by us.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And I think we've historically said on a number of the asset sales we've had to date, a typical mark-to-market has been 15% to high 20%, somewhere in that range, which is pretty good.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I would also say if you look at the bigger the credit and the bigger the Company, the landlord contribution to build out is not as essential. And in fact, the -- one of the big pharma buildouts that we're working on in one of the top markets, the contribution by the pharma is about $750 a foot. So, oftentimes, the configuration or triangulation or architecture of a deal oftentimes is based, to some extent, on credit and need to put in unusual situations, unusual features that only that tenant would want and that's -- that would be on the tenant's bill not something we would do. So that's something else you have to keep in mind.
Joel Marcus: No, I don't think so. I think look historically at how we've grown, I'll ask Dean to comment, but then also think about over time, we have an asset base where we can almost double the size of the Company. So, I don't think we've reached any plateau in any way, shape or form.
Joel Marcus: Yes, remember, a number of our acquisitions that happened over the last couple of years in Greater Boston involved and one was mentioned the whole Fenway area, existing vacancy that as part of, say, a conversion to first-time lab space and those give, I think, great opportunities for occupancy gains.
Joel Marcus: Just want to say thank you, everybody, wishing you a great summer and look forward to our third quarter call.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Steve. So the growth in occupancy anticipated in the fourth quarter, some of it is from signed leases. We have about 400,000 square feet of executed leases that will commence in time for the occupancy growth by the end of the year. That includes some of the spaces that I mentioned in the recently acquired vacancy. We also anticipate some leasing activity that we need to complete in order to drive that occupancy growth. And then we also have some key spaces being delivered out of our development pipeline, which by the time they're delivered should be pretty much close to 100% leased. And that doesn't have quite the same impact of delivering space to tenants out of the operating portfolio, but there is a slight benefit from that as well.
Dean Shigenaga: I don't have that figure right at my fingertips, Steve. But look, if you look at our volume of leasing activity that we've averaged pre -- the record period of leasing in '21 and 2022, we're back to that run rate of leasing activity on a quarterly basis, which is 1.2 million, 1.3 million rentable square feet. A portion of that, as you know, comes out of the value creation pipeline development and redevelopment and previously vacant stuff. So, our run rate on renewals and re-leasing the space is probably, on average, about 1 million square feet per quarter; and only a portion of that is stuff that we need to complete related to fourth quarter deliveries. As you can imagine, most space, probably for any real estate company, sometimes it's ready for delivery immediately, but only a portion of that -- of that 1 million square feet can actually be delivered that quickly. So, it's not a big number, Steve. But to be fair, we do have to get some leasing done. And so we've got to work through that opportunity.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Steve. So this is a pretty good example of space that we opportunistically took back in the second quarter. The background for this tenant, there was an in-place lease related to an acquisition that we completed in January of 2021. Toast was at 401 Park in the Fenway submarket for reference. And during our due diligence for the acquisition, our team had identified multiple floors of this office building that will be suited for conversion to lab space through redevelopment. These floors were targeted for redevelopment. Obviously, after our successful lease-up of 201 Brookline, now if you remember, 201 Brookline that was a development site at the Fenway campus that the seller had commenced construction on, and it was only 20% pre-leased at the time we acquired it. Our team quickly leased the remainder of that project -- the construction development project at rental rates that were well exceeded our initial underwriting. And so when we had the opportunity to take back space from Toast, I think it was about 133,000 rentable square feet in total. We're going to get about 111,000 rental square feet back in 3Q here to commence our redevelopment. And the remaining 22,000 rentable square feet we get back at the end of 2024. The bottom line, the way to think about this arrangement we entered into with Toast is that net of the write-off of deferred rent, we'll earn the remaining of the revenue from Toast overtime. And this really covers the quarterly rent that was due to rent Toast about 1.59 a quarter. And so, this arrangement allows us to earn our revenue through the end of 2024. And the way to think about this is the net benefit we're going to earn is a slight pickup relative to the prior run rate rent. So for 2023, we might pick up about $2 million in FFO. And then in 2024, there's a similar expected benefit of a couple of million bucks or so. The key takeaway is that we were able to move up the timing of new lab space at 401 Park after our successful lease up of 201 Brookline. And so, we were excited to be able to get access to that earlier to start the redevelopment sooner than later.
Dean Shigenaga: So, our outlook -- just to remind everybody, our outlook for rental rate growth for 2023 is a range of 28% to 30%, call it, a midpoint of 28.5%, 12% to 17% with a midpoint of 14.5% on a cash basis. Our rental rate growth for the first quarter, just to remind everybody, was pretty record at 48% and 24% on a cash basis. And most of that was driven by Greater Boston, San Francisco, Bay Area and Seattle. It's important to recognize that the second quarter was a very different subset geographically, which consisted primarily of Seattle, Maryland and Research Triangle. When you think about rental rate growth of 16% -- 16.6% on a GAAP basis, 8.3% on a cash basis, that's pretty outstanding in this type of market and when you think across the REIT sector today. So we're very pleased with the rental rate growth that we actually delivered on the quarter and feel comfortable as we look out that we're on track to hit the range of guidance that we gave. What gives us that comfort? I think you've heard us talk about we have a unique brand our mega-campus strategy and our operational excellence, I think, puts us at an advantage to capture opportunities in the marketplace.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, we're only 3 weeks or 3.5 weeks after quarter end. So, there's very little activity relative to what we're going to sign for the full six months as we look forward. So you'll have to stay tuned.
Dean Shigenaga: Tony, it's Dean here. Yes, so 19% is our current outlook for where we are today on the mark-to-market. Last quarter, you're correct, it was 22%. The quarter before that was 24% and the quarter before that was 27%. So, we have made our way through some of the mark-to-market with leases that we've executed over the last number of quarters. So, it's primarily driven by that, maybe a slight adjustment here and there on our outlook on specific spaces. But most of the move is related to actual leases we've executed.
Dean Shigenaga: So Tony, let me start with your first part of your question on the exploration front. What we're really looking at is if you look at 2024 as an example, we do have a number of spaces that are coming up for contractual exploration. And keep in mind, these are all related for the most part to recently acquired opportunities where we saw. In this case, these projects have in-place leases and from acquisition that are burning off here. Only a portion of that overall number is something that we expect to actually tackle in the near term. It's roughly -- it's about 684,000 square feet of that is actually development opportunities for the future. So 1.1 -- 1.2 million is expiring in '24 that's been targeted for future development and redevelopment, but 684,000 of that is future development. And that's not going to start immediately on vertical construction because it needs to go through entitlements, design, possibly some site work, and these are really associated with mega campus opportunities. The remainder of that, so roughly 400,000 square feet or so, 400,000 to 500,000 square feet is redevelopment opportunities. Those are more near-term speed to market, less time to build out the projects, and we'll look at those. But our current view as we sit here today would be there's potential to start those because of opportunities we can tackle. So, the number is much smaller. As far as your other question, Tony, how do we look at it? I think you're going to find that we need to remain very disciplined with our approach to new redevelopment and development projects given the macro environment. We're going to focus primarily on projects that are concentrated in our mega campuses, and we really have well-located land for future development. It's important to keep in mind we have the flexibility and not the requirement to address these expansions -- expansion needs from our clients. And maybe as you think about development opportunities on our future pipeline, it's important to recognize that we are going to continue to advance preconstruction activities on the future pipeline projects. Entitlements for large campuses -- mega campuses, it require years to fully entitled. They require design. And oftentimes, the sites are so large, they do require infrastructure before we can actually commence vertical construction. And these preconstruction activities add value to the sites ultimately reduce the time from commencement of vertical construction to delivery a Class A space to our clients. So again, just getting back to where we started with your question, Tony, we'll have to remain very disciplined in our approach, given the macro environment.
Dean Shigenaga: So Nick, the way to think about the arrangement with Toast is that what was -- the total consideration was something in that $15 million range. The deferred rent number was written down to take that down. I don't have it right in front of me, but $5 million to $6 million or something in that range. The net number is earned out over time effectively replaces rent or cash flows that were in place prior to that arrangement with Toast. And so net-net, at least through 2024, there's very little upside. Like I mentioned, it's a couple million bucks in each year. So, it's not really changing net FFO in any big way. So, in response to your specific question, was the revenue that we're going to generate from the lease with Toast in guidance? It was because it was already a lease in our business. Remember this building was acquired with the lease in place back in 2021. What did change for 2023, a couple of million dollar pickup to FFO.
Dean Shigenaga: Not as it relates to NOI, Vikram. I think that was just a timing difference. I can't speak to the various sell-side models on what drove the timing differences. But from our view of the world, our deliveries were, by and large, on track with our expectations. So that doesn't translate to upside there. And there were -- that wasn't the only line item that there was a variance on. If you look across consensus, there were some other line items. I think the G&A is an example. We are lower on G&A than consensus across coverage. But the key driver was that the NOI line item.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, it's Dean here, Dylan. I agree. You've seen occupancy in our asset base the way we manage our business have really strong relationships with our tenants and really deliver a level of excellence in operating our buildings. Our occupancy can grow to 300 basis points from or more than that above our bogey -- 200 or 300 above our midpoint bogey for the end of '23. So at 95.1% is the midpoint you referenced. I mean we've been in the 98% occupancy range. So there's plenty of room to grow there. And as Joel had also mentioned and as you guys are well aware, our pipeline is set to bring on a tremendous amount of NOI and that gives you visibility all the way into '25 and a little bit going up to '26 now.
Peter Moglia: We're going to market in a very targeted way so that we don't overdo it, if we don't need to. But if we end up with values that are highly attractive, we'll definitely consider selling that amount over what we need and apply that towards next year's program.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Nick, it was very tempting to bring somebody in to complete the funding of that JV development just like we did at Necco. But at the end of the day, it is part of a mega campus. It is one of the best assets in likely in the world as far as long duration of value. And then reexamining our portfolio and seeing that we still had a number of assets that we could substitute and do just as well as far as getting the proceeds needed to fund our pipeline and just made it, much better story for us to keep 100% of that other development asset, sell the non-cores and really continue to improve our overall asset base towards concentrating it into mega campuses and lessening the one-off assets.
Peter Moglia: Yes. So Michael, last quarter, in my prepared remarks, I had mentioned that we had seen a weakening in demand. And one of the positives that I pointed out in this quarter's comments is that we actually have had, I would call, a significant uptick, 15% to 20% in demand in our top three markets. That, coupled with some knowing financings that are happening, as companies have been getting good news, to me, it just feels like the wheel starting to turn again momentum is building, and I'm confident it's going to continue.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I mean what's happening is -- and I touched on the theme of my comments, I think that uncertainty has really held back the entire economy. It has held back the life science industry, and that uncertainty is starting to go away and people are starting to realize that there's a lot of dry powder they need to put to work. So that -- we think that the investing of things that were not investing before, new company formation is going to occur, the science continues to move forward. When clinical milestones are met, we're seeing companies be able to raise a lot of money. And on top of that, we're seeing big pharma and biotech position themselves in our markets to grow. So that is what is giving us the positive outlook.
Peter Moglia: With a couple of exceptions that are inexplicable, yes. We're not seeing much of anything new breaking ground, but there are some folks that have decided to move forward, which will be in the numbers for next quarter's update on '25.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I don't have the breakdown of each and every asset we're selling and what the mark-to-market is. But by and large, the best mark-to-market opportunities are in the mega campuses, and we are holding onto those assets. So what we are selling would be the one-offs that would not garner those types of premiums.
Peter Moglia: Yes, you are correct. On the development side, new leases, tenants are conserving cash. They are looking to the landlord to provide more tenant improvement. So that is creeping into the ether there. We will be, in some instances, able to push the rents to make up for that -- some of that or all of that. The good news is on the operating side because the spaces are built out because they're built out generically. We have very few concessions and TIs. We need to put out in order to lease or renew that space.
