Joel Marcus: So Manny, I guess two items. One would be with respect to venture capital funding in the first quarter, venture firms raised virtually an all-time record amount of funding for investment into life science entities, which we feel will be invested over the next year or two or three, depending on the length of the fund. So that's a very, very strong sign. The venture capital market remains robust. The IPO size has been a little tougher this year than last year. There have been, I think, more than -- 12 or more IPOs on the life science industry side. Devon performed nearly as well as last year, but the market still is open for innovative companies that have unique products. So there is funding and then the M&A environment continues to be fairly robust. I think we mentioned last time, or if we didn’t, just an update, one of our tenants, Stemcentrx, that was in our South San Francisco portfolio got sold at fairly early stage cancer stem cell company to AbbVie for almost $12 billion. So we see that, as you look out on the landscape, things look pretty healthy.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So let me give you a topside view and then I’ll ask Tom to be specific. So with respect to the timing of the development, I think we’re going to be pretty aggressive once we close and then Tom can give you more color and then I think with respect to the after that sales, we don't have any current intent to joint venture that outside.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I'll just make a comment or so and then I’ll give -- let Steve give you the detailed color. Contrary to popular belief, San Francisco has not fallen into the ocean. It’s actually remained extremely healthy, both on the lab and the tech side and demand has been robust and Steve will give you details.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I’ll ask Dean to comment on that. I think when it comes to the three areas that I mentioned, the two projects on Cambridge, one is the One Kendall Square which Tom just spoke to, potentially adding on to Tech Square where we’ve got 100,000 square feet of entitlements, the Grand Avenue project, which Steve talked about, which that market has really become so tied in. And as you know, Verily has taken over the Amgen sub lease that the former on its space, it’s pretty clear that there is pretty robust demand in that market and then Illumina on that campus, we literally got a built-in tenant who is clamoring for more space and almost we have to hold them off, but as far as the capital side of it, I think we probably wouldn't begin any starts over the next quarter too. I think we will evaluate where we are, but we clearly would look at where we are on a pre-lease base, where we are on the construction cost basis, on a yield basis and potentially we start something in the -- again, a lot depends on the macro environment potentially next year, but I will leave it to Dean to comment on funding strategy.
Joel Marcus: So we certainly have enjoyed a high-quality relationship, Peter and Dan led the joint venture on the -- joint ventures on the Campus Point assets. We view them as a long-term partner and I’m not able to comment on anything in the future, but I think we both will look for opportunities to continue to work together. We think they represent a AAA partner of ours.
Joel Marcus: And the Westward opportunity came to us I think they were represented by Goldman Sachs back in 2013, we actually knew almost every site because we have looked at it broadly whether it be Miami, Winston-Salem, Baltimore, Saint Louis, Illinois a variety of places and we took a very hard look at their platform and what they were doing and certainly impacted us in the sense that it really condemns us once again that the urban innovation cluster model is really the one that we think is the best to pursue for us. I think coupled with the fact that we’re always worried probably the biggest issue that we see in that model is the releasing downstream because if you're in a place like Winston-Salem we or in Baltimore, we are in Baltimore at one point, the depth of the market is such that or the lack of the depth of the market is such that you’re really reliant on the institutional tenant base, now it’s a good tenant for sure, high quality in general but it is in the deep one so if they decide to leave you got a problem and in a lot of cases they want to own so there is some times a requirement that you have neither sell it back or they want to purchase and I get the other thing which has been exemplified by our struggle with Longwood, government budget have been under pressure in the last couple of years with underfunding from the NIH and that seems to be turning around a bit which is a good news situation but a lot of times institutions referred to own rather than lease and we've certainly seen that in the Longwood area. So I think for anybody just go around and bidding and the ultimate buyer I think it represents a platform that works for their business but certainly relates to our business.
Joel Marcus: Again, I think in the remarks if broker estimates are correct, if rents in 2018 are in the $80 to $85 triple net range then that does give us cause to think about how we think about delivering space over the next year or two and how we charge for that space, so that analysis is certainly ongoing and something that is top of mind and certainly one of the motivations that we had for moving on the One Kendall Square acquisition.
Joel Marcus: That's a good question Dave, I think again we have a very robust pipeline set of deliveries ’16, ‘17 into early ’18 so there is no reason for us in the past to double down on that you know we've got to know why coming for over the coming quarters and we wouldn't get any additional credit for adding on to that but plus it complicates the capital rates but because we've I think had great success in advancing our capital plan are leverage goals and we are well into the second half of deliveries, in ‘16 I think we can afford to take a look at where we are with the future potential development so it is really a matter of too much change in tone at and where things haven't changed on either side we feel positive on both sides but I think is just a maturation of the plan and they look at what's going on in ‘18 and ’19, so I think it still just a natural evolution.
Joel Marcus: So we always talk to a number of folks when it comes to joint venture but I think it is fair to say that we've developed an extraordinarily good and mutually respectful relation with TIA, we think they're very high quality I think they feel like we are the franchise they would like to invest with in the life science industry and the core urban cluster market. So ultimately we would talk to them and give them the best shot of things but we are always looking at market as a public company, our fiduciary duty is always test market, so when you have a great relationship you will always feel that’s your first choice if at all possible and they've been extremely diligent flexible timeframe and so forth.
Joel Marcus: On the lab side it is certainly our standard that we try to achieve given where we are in macroeconomic I mean if inflation ever came roaring at one point in the company's history we went to a min 3 max 6 on annual increases but we think that this represents a stable market and acceptable market annual rental excavation. There are sometimes some changes to that especially on the development side where you might get a quarter point lower or something like that but by in large we try to maintain that across the portfolio in each of the markets.
Joel Marcus: As Karin, so we think that the election if you read the cover story of Baron a couple of weeks ago that probably is the best prognostication that I have read I'm not a political person but I think that really is the one that I think we adopt and we believe is true that the real race is in the House and Senate the predicted that the Republicans would retain the majority in the House and that the Senate was pretty close but Republicans might retain it that if they don't you would have a split house in Senate. As you know the president doesn't have a legislative authority although I guess our current president may be believe he does a bit. But I think it’s fair to say that the split government is a balanced government and I think we continue to see that moving forward. I think where it is important to us, we think there is been very strong support and that we've seen that in fact of supporting the NIH for basic biomedical research, really critical and this bipartisan Congress has supported that and we've seen over $2 billion increase over the past few months for the coming year and looks like that may go higher. We’d like to see more funding for the Food and Drug Administration because that they are clearly underfunded and have hundreds and hundreds of slots unavailable to the fiddle with the for the funding so that tends to be an important area although they approved a large number of drugs in the past couple of years and they’re on a pretty strong pace this year and then a good business pro-business or good quality business environment that we can see positive growth so that we get continued employment high ranks. So that's kind of the view that I think is the majority view on the street and I think we adopt that view. Operator And we will now take a follow-up question from Manny Korchman from Citi.
Joel Marcus: You are right, it is from a purchase accounting perspective man you are currently did allocate a portion of the investment to the development site on, 170 some odd thousand square feet at roughly twos approaching three a foot, 300 a foot which we believe is a market we will generate a very nice return on that investment and so the initial state voice you is reflective of the operating aspect today with the small allocation of the purchase price of the land side.
Joel Marcus: Well I think it's fair to say that the well our cost of debt capital certainly has been very favorable in this environment and our cost of equity capital with the stock doing pretty well we are certainly an important factor that we'd want to go out and do a large offering whether forward or not with the stock price that would be in the 70s which it was in the February so that certainly weighed heavily on our mind and our goal has always been how do we balance a couple of things one is maintain our goal on earnings continue to increase our net asset value and at the same time achieve our leverage goals for ratings increase so those are the three things we are clearly focused on as we look at One Kindle, but as I said we looked at this a couple of years ago and Mr. Moglia is sitting here to my right, he told my desire to buy that a couple of years ago for variety of good reasons but I have always felt that asset was unique, the address alone speaks to with One Kindle, it is rare to be able to find an urban campus in the best life science cluster in the universe or galaxy maybe and also the factors that were attended to that if brokerage estimates are right and we can get 80 to 85 triple nets in 2018 that gives us even more upside than our base case projections would hold, we think we can do well on the development and we also think there is a huge opportunity to convert office to lab there. So that was kind of the constellation of considerations broadly that we thought about.
Joel Marcus: I don't think so, if you ask us at the beginning of the year did we plan on buying One Kindle I would tell you that we didn't even know was coming to market there was another asset One Lab and One Building that 245 first I think that went out of the bid their assets somewhat older but they are adjacent to Alexandria Center at Kindle Square, I would have loved to probably owned those variety of reasons coupled with the One Kindle Square acquisition we didn't see the upside in the role we didn't bid on that but we clearly underwrote and follow all the assets so I would say that we are not in general aggressively pursuing things but we are where we see I guess the one opportunity or the one characteristic of an opportunity we look at is where we see a great asset and a great location that we like to own for a long-term and we short to medium term ability to add significant value, we wouldn't buy just a fully stabilized asset for the next 10 or 12 years, just probably no interest in that. So our main focus is on our development pipeline though that's where our key focus is.
Joel Marcus: I would say to the extent that we think about using that future and addition to what Dean said, we’d always try to think about it in a leverage neutral fashion in the sense that we want to try to maintain our earnings trajectory obviously grow our NAV and at the same time use it in whatever way that we might but in an accretive fashion. So, that's how we're trying to think about it and we try to be over the past quite a number of years as disciplined as possible in the utilization of equity.
Joel Marcus: Well, thank everybody we are one hour into the conference, so right on time, thank you for your question and we look forward to talking to you for third quarter results. Take care.
Tom Andrews: Thanks, Joel. So the development side is about 172,000 square foot development site that is permitted with the city, have the special permit. Needs design completion, which we will begin promptly here after we select the design team and a group to go forward on the design. That will probably take about six months, which will coincide with some preconstruction activity that needs to be done in the site and work around the parking garage and movie theatre to make -- to repossession some driveways and things like that, so we can do development on the site. And then we expect the development to take about 18 months to construct.
Tom Andrews: It is certainly challenging, I mean, we have lots of tenant relationships in our portfolio in Cambridge and we like to have a balance between really promoting those relationships but also knowing that there may be others who are prepared to pay higher dollars. So we kind of walk that tightrope and it is challenging right now and in the long run we think we make good decisions on that and I'm able to as you seen [indiscernible].
Tom Andrews: Certainly one things we’ve done, it’s Tom again, and certainly one of the things we tried to do in this part of the business cycle is really extent term and being gain higher rents for longer duration and also certainly reduce the TI allowances and really try to make sure we’re spending sort of our own capital as possible in the spaces [indiscernible].
Tom Andrews: Yet we have a team putting together a response to the RFP which was issued a couple of months ago and we understand what we've planning to submit a response for the deadline of September 8 as the government is requesting proposals be submitted we believe that they intend to try to get a developer selected by year end approximately update on that one we learn more but we are planning to submit a proposal by September 8.
Dean Shigenaga: Hi, Jamie. It’s Dean here. I would say it's good to think about what we've done over the last few years in funding our growth, primarily construction and development projects. The key difference, I think in 2017 as an example versus 2016, Jamie, is that we’ve got probably clearly as you look at our disclosures, a larger EBITDA growth in ’17 over 16 as compared to ‘16 over ’15. And the key behind that is that it allow us to debt fund more of our growth in 2017 as compared to 2016 through debt. So, in aggregate, as you recall over the last number of years, we’ve had free cash flows of $125 million. You add on EBITDA growth and we’ve been funding anywhere from 400 million to 500 million of growth from these two components, meaning debt funding through EBITDA growth and then the consumption of retained cash flows after dividends. Beyond that, we’ll continue to utilize recycling of capital, Jamie, through asset sales and I think it’s just an important technology that we will continue to be very disciplined in our approach, in looking at capital sources to fund growth and navigate through the markets as they unfold over the next few years. Yes, and anything we do, our focus is to maintain the lowering of leverage to 6 or less than 6. That is one of the highest priorities and nothing we do would alter that goal.
Dean Shigenaga: Kevin, it’s Dean here, yes, you are correct, our guidance was updated to reflect the capital market activities that we've announced to date, so on that front everything that we planned in our guidance has been completed on the debt and equity front. Big picture, I think from the first quarter to the second quarter guidance, equity related needs increased by about $950 million about 50% of that increase was attributed to the capital required to fund - fully refund One Kendall Square on a leverage neutral basis, yet about another 20% very roughly of the capital to reduce leverage by three tens of a churn, you had about 10% of the capital that cover series D repurchases that have been completed to date and then roughly 20% of the remainder or the remaining 20% was really related to timing differences on both acquisitions and dispositions and how the EBITDA interplays with your leverage metrics at the end of the day. So hopefully that color helps Kevin.
Dean Shigenaga: I’d say broadly speaking we are monetizing a decent number of equity securities while at the same time some of the proceeds are being offset currently by other investment opportunity, so the gross proceeds are on track, our net reinvestment I think has increased a little bit offsetting the ability to retain some of the capital for 2016.
Dean Shigenaga: Hey Manny, it is Dean here. At some point we’ll refile the program only because it is a great tool they have an balance sheet, it’s a very efficient tool as we all know, as far as usage goes going forward the only thing that is contemplated at the moment would be to the extent that we retire any amount of serious D convertible preferred. we'd like the time that and match funded some common equity and I think again we been pretty clear on that strategy. As far as your question on the ATM usage in the second quarter and refunding the One Kindle. One Kindle was funded through the forward equity offering and we just saw opportunities to utilize the program in connection with changes in the overall capital plan outside of One Kindle Square, the mix of dispositions as an example, the ability to get ahead on our leverage goals as well was interplant into that thought process so hopefully that gives you a lot of color Manny.
Peter Moglia: Hey Jamie, it’s Peter Moglia, I could run through the North American regions for you, kind of give you a sense of where the AVR is in the market rents are today, keep in mind that AVR I believe includes straight line rent, market rent I’ll give will be the initial rents. So Greater Boston, we’re got a $37.81 expiration ADR, rental rates range there from 40 to 76 in Cambridge, obviously our portfolio is heavily weighted towards Cambridge, so which should be a significant opportunity there. San Francisco at 17 we had a $32.78 rents expiring in ‘17 as market rent there ranges from $48 in the South San Francisco area to $65 triple net in Mission Bay, so again a pretty big opportunity in mark to market there. New York, we have market rents in the area of $80 to $85 per lab here, so anything that comes up I'm sure will be a nice rollup. San Diego we have a $30.25 expiration, market rent there ranges from about 33 in the Sorrento Valley Sorrento area up to $49.45 in the UTC, so another significant mark to market opportunity. Seattle we were at 45.10 that is fairly close to market today but I would say market is really 48 to 54, so I think there is still an incremental opportunity there. In Maryland, the expiration is 19.11 in ‘17 and there is literally 2% vacancy in Maryland right now which for a long time was a weak market and it added to push rent and so we are going out with proposals today in the $28 to $32 range, so possibly Maryland pretty significant growth next year. And then, at Research Triangle Park, at the 13.61, again we are at about 18 for the older product up to 30 for our newer products at it creek, so that should answer your question.
Peter Moglia: Yes, this is Peter, I would say that we've actually used UBS to help us with some of these relationships and made some meetings with a couple of sovereigns and others just to talk about potential projects just to get a gate in what their interest would be so we have an idea of the market but the end of the day the TIA partnership was one of that we felt was the right choice for in these project.
Peter Moglia: Hey Sheila this is Peter, one of the things I do is review all of the major proposals that are going out in total rents, pre-rents, TI especially given our sensitivity to capital, I have been counseling our regional leaders to lower TIs and I think we've done a really good job of doing that comp probably the best set of all because it's leverage he has in the market but here at the end of the day if we can lower TI significantly even if we have take a little bit less rent that's the way we prefer to do it.
Manny Korchman: How many value do you attribute to the lands when you came up the idea? There has to be some rent value... I just want to ask that…
Manny Korchman: And then as you think about where your stock sits today, I guess how many more opportunities do you and your team sort of trying to either aggressively uncover and I assume there is other assets like One Kindle that are out there in markets we would like to own, I'm just trying to get a sense of whether we may see more things come.
Manny Korchman: And just last one on the ATM so a perspective of how you can use it going forward how much of the significant ATM issuance was almost use of new One Kindle is coming and you want wanted it so you get as much equity as possible I'm just trying to get a sense of when you do the issue a new program how we should think about when you use it and the volume that you're going to use at a given moment can certainly the size of the issuance is as increased the equity deal was certainly sizeable in the quarter.
