Dean Shigenaga: Hey, Sheila, it's Dean here. Yes, the key drivers of the growth in leasing or rental rate growth in the current quarter was driven primarily by early lease renewals. Like I said in prior quarters, it's pretty difficult to project early leasing activity on renewals. It's really contingent on the tenants' needs. But 61% of our re-leasing activity this year was driven by early renewals that go out over one to three years forward beyond the current year. Looking forward, I suspect we'll continue to have opportunities. But they're really hard to predict and project at the moment.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, Sheila, so the comment on our guidance page on Page 5, as it relates to being on the upper end of our range guidance for capped interest and on the lower end of the range for interest expense in net, which is the number reported on the income statement. It's actually really related to the acquisition of future value-creation opportunities. I think the way to think about it Sheila is, as we acquire future value-creation projects, we're required to capitalize interest while we entitle the project. But these projects are actually funded with long-term capital and because by and large there is very little to no income at the moment, we equity fund the acquisitions. So we have growth in capped interest, but no corresponding growth in interest cost. But the third point I'd probably make is that when you think about FFO per share, it's basically relatively neutral to earnings, because you're getting about a 4% yield from the capped interest on the investment. But you're having to equity fund that long-term for the moment.
Dean Shigenaga: Rich, it's Dean Shigenaga here. The percentage will creep up a little bit as we approach the end of the year. But I think all in all, you've got so much growth coming on line over the portfolio that it will mute that impact a little bit. We're probably going to approach somewhere around 10%. I don't have the exact statistic in front of me, but it's in that general range, Rich.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, sustainable is always a fun one to talk about and predict the future, Jamie. So maybe I'll just say that fundamentals remain solid, which is a great backdrop to enter into and going forward. But if you think about Cambridge, Mission Bay, South San Francisco, and even down in San Diego, I'd say, on average, you're upper - you're almost at top of the single-digit range for year-over-year growth in net effective rent. But what I also mentioned in my commentary that's important is TIs and leasing commissions are fairly nominal on leasing renewals and releasing a space. So the net effective rent, you're seeing is really growth in rental rate, but they're one and the same as far as the growth year-over-year. So concessions are not impacting our markets today.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, unfortunately, Jamie, as we talked about on my commentary, the pipeline under construction and the pipeline that we have to lease right behind at about 1.3 million square feet that's really near-term stuff, we're still projecting about 7% overall cash yield on our total investment. So rents are definitely keeping up or outpacing the cost of construction for us.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think, if you look at the mix of early renewals going back several years, Michael, it's typically our leasing activity for renewals and re-leasing a space has been about equal or to maybe a 50% greater number of volume wise relative to the contractual expirations at the beginning of the year. So typically, we're anywhere from 7% to 10% with contractual expirations. The renewals are doubling that number. So we're getting anywhere from 15% to 20% of the portfolio being attacked annually through leasing activity. So we historically have had this recurring volume in recent years. Hard to predict the future, but it's been pretty consistent.
Dean Shigenaga: No, I don't think it's fair to comment about each of the years going forward over the next few years, Joe. So maybe as it relates to 2018, stay tuned for Investor Day and every few quarters we give a little more color on what the pipeline is starting to look like, which will give you that visibility beyond. But it's a little early to talk about 2019 and 2020.
Dean Shigenaga: So a couple of questions I think embedded there, the current ATM usage really had to do with an opportunity to fund our needs this year. And so at $120, we felt the cost was attractive. On the forward timing, I think for your model, probably best to think about December and that is more to do with spending anticipated in the quarter. All things equal, those transactions probably simply will be funded mid-quarter. But then we also have earnings contributions from our project deliveries, which are on average about November - I'm sorry, mid to late November on average. So we're just trying to match the timing of the settlement with these other two considerations.
Joel Marcus: But I think that underlines a - I think in a number of the key markets the tenants focus on trying to lock down space at current fair market rental rates and not kind of play the lottery for the future. And I think that bodes well for us.
Joel Marcus: I think I've said, I mean, that's a board ultimately timing decision et cetera and sometime on or before March 31, but you'll see, it will be totally seamless, so it should be great. As I said, we've been in the process for over two years, been coached by Jim Collins and we're very comfortable with the kind of the process.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, in general, we meet with the - because they're all private companies. We meet with the companies quarterly, the senior management teams. Lot is written about each of these companies. They're well known. We think each one is a highly disruptive or disrupter in their space that is not a flash in the pan. These are not dot-com companies from the last generation. Stripe has proven itself to be an amazingly broad-based company with amazing talent. I think Pinterest as well. Uber, you read a lot about, I think once they get their self-straight at the board level, I think they brought in a new CEO that I think will be able to rationalize the company. It's certainly is an important company and one that - whether it's worth $70 billion or $55 billion, I don't think it's much of an issue. I think what they're doing in the marketplace and how they continue to execute, we see in their markets, I think is a testament to the company. But obviously, we pay a lot of attention to these companies and we have on staff several people who have our trained engineers and underwriters. So we're pretty good at understanding these companies be on the financial - I mean, any company obviously look at management, you look at financial strategy and you look at the niche, and so we pay a lot of attention to that.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, there is always a few odds and ends that are some legacy assets. We do hope to extricate ourselves from China and few other assets. But I think, the joint venture route is one that always - we used that pretty heavily a couple of years ago. So I think, we have multiple options out there. And we feel pretty good about, where we are today.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think, that's focused. I mean, pharmaceutical sales at the end point retail pharmacy sales are kind of where they're looking to disrupt. And so that's different than research driven manufacturers. And I've always thought that current system is pretty inefficient, when you have PBMs, the pharmacy benefit managers between the manufacturers and the ultimate users and so forth. So I think, to me, I think, it's going to rationalize the system. But I don't think that's weighed so much on drug stocks, I think, each one has been somewhat individual. Celgene made a pretty major change in their 2020 guidance on overall revenues, Merck had an EU issue with Keytruda, their new cancer drug. I mean, each one is kind of the explainable. As I said, Vertex has kind of knocked the ball out of the park this year. A recent M&A transaction Kite, was purchased by Gilead for almost $12 billion, and just got approval on the second cancer immunotherapy. So I think, we're pretty comfortable, the index, at least, on the biotech side is up, it was at almost 19% year-to-date, which is certainly outpaced many of the other industries. So I think, we feel pretty good, I think, the regulatory side is super positive with Scott Gottlieb. I think, the tenor [ph] in Washington is constructive, and I think, there is a positive business climate behind it. And if the - whatever shape the current tax bill takes place and we're able to - the industry is able to repatriate both at the biotech and pharma level, hundreds of billons of dollars, maybe between $100 billion and $200 billion or more from overseas cash that's going to be a net positive for the industry. So I'm pretty bullish.
Joel Marcus: Well, the reality is, drugs account for only about 10% to 15% of total healthcare spend, and they're the only sector that actually can drive cost down. Hepatitis C is a great example that disease is now curable. The problem is, and the reason that there was a lot of concern about, when Gilead came out with their cure product, Sovaldi, was that insurance companies, they capture you as a patient for a year. And if they have the choice of buying a cure for you or just maintaining you, because you maybe in somebody's health plan next year, what do you think they're going to do? So it's less the price of the drug, because it's clear, if you can cure a disease, the downstream cost effect is huge. And then, if you translate that to metabolic diseases, you translate that to neurodegenerative diseases, imagine if we could cure, prevent or treat effectively Alzheimer's, dementia, the cost of the system way weigh down. So I'm not too worried that, ultimately, high-quality drugs are going to make measurable impacts, are going to be well received in the system. The system needs some changing and the intermediaries are part of this issue that disaggregate, because PBMs typically want to see higher drug prices, so they can increase their margins on sale, because they get a benefit of the difference between the drug price and what ultimately the list price and what they sell it at. So there's a number of misaligned incentives. And so it's the drug companies, the pharmacy benefit, managers and the manufacturers - the research manufacturers are able to kind of align themselves, and I think the system is going to actually work really well.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I mean, the problem with the industry historically has been a lot of companies have historically just had incremental products that they extend life three months, five months, six months, 10 months. That's not a real important drug. And I think those will fall by the wayside, as they should.
Joel Marcus: 6% on average. That may vary in New York, maybe higher because of Hudson Yards and some of the big projects. But by and large, I think, we've given that number before, I think, across the country, we'd say 6% would be a reasonable average.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I don't think, it's any different that we've seen over the last couple of years. Every market, there's a different set of competitors for different reasons, doing different things. I think, our view of the world is, we try to do, what we do and be the best in the world at it, and not be distracted by outside issues. And in underwriting, if we can't get to where we are, we don't buy it or build it. And so I think, that's how we continue to operate.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I mean, I think it varies from time-to-time. I mean, I think, we still see there has been, although, maybe less this year than last year a large pool of private capital, particularly from overseas or the pension funds, I think, that's waned a little bit this year. But, if you have - if you're an institutional investor and you have - you need to put money to work, you're going to gravitate to the great markets. So there's not a surprise about that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I mean, I'll just let Tom speak in a moment. But I think what we were excited about is we saw pretty large demand for 100 Binney. And so, as we kicked off 399, we felt that there was enough momentum in the market that we would see a pretty receptive audience. Tom, you could give other color.
Joel Marcus: Well, we did sign a lease there with ClubCorp. I think we indicated that and we're down to a final about 31,000 feet which were in late stages of discussions, which we expect them to take that. They've had some good news based on the Kite acquisition. And the valuation of that company certainly puts in a pretty nice position. I think Seattle is a tough market. It's a super-low cap-rate market, as you know. It's a tight market. The behemoth Amazon obviously has lots of that their home base and lots of activities going on. So I think companies are always looking at opportunities. But I think we see, we have some unique land resources and locations inside Seattle in the best of locations in South and East Lake Union. So I think we're looking forward to meeting the demand of our tenants and maybe even some that are not tenants over the coming few years. I would say people are probably more migrating from the Bay Area to Seattle, then vice versa, given cost of living and tightness in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Joel Marcus: Thank you all very, very much and we look forward to talking to you about 2018 on Investor Day November 29. Thanks so much.
Thomas Andrews: Yeah, Manny, it's Tom. Manny, it's Tom Andrews. I'll expand on that little bit too. I mean, in Cambridge, certainly, it's a very, very tight market. The current lab vacancy in East Cambridge is only about 1.5%. And so consequently, we're seeing tenants and their brokers get out into the market sooner than they normally would to look at their options for space. We're certainly seeing some tenants select different sub-markets, whether they're sub-urban or other urban sub-markets other than East Cambridge, because of the tightness of the market. And we see some tenants try to figure out growth strategies that involve maybe trying to do some of their work remotely and having multiple locations. Sometimes it's a suburban location and an urban location together. So, tenants are doing different things to try to solve, and we're obviously working closely with our group of tenants and the prospects there in the market to try to help them solve their - for their space needs.
Thomas Andrews: Yeah, the 73% reflects the three signed letters of intent that we have right now that we hope to convert into leases over the next few weeks.
Thomas Andrews: Yeah, and at the same time, I'll mention, the balance of the One Kendall Square development, where we have a number of opportunities to convert office space to lab space, also to take leases that are currently well under market and re-tenant them at market rates. We're making good progress on that right now. That is a very active corner of Kendall Square right now, between the 399 Binney new construction and which is just kicking off and the re-develop or the re-tenanting of portions of the balance of the One Kendall Square campus.
Richard Anderson: Thanks. Good afternoon. When you have Pinterest, Stripe and Uber, including them I guess up and running, where does your tech exposure get you to as a percentage of the total portfolio? And maybe describe your level of comfort at that range.
Richard Anderson: This year, you combined asset sales and equity issuances as a one line item in your guidance, and most of that is come through equity channels, not to kind of tap you for in 2018 guidance number. But it seems to me, much to sell from a property perspective. Is that correct? I'm not looking for a guidance number, but just wondering, is there a non-core portfolio that's brewing behind the scenes that we're not seeing right now.
Richard Anderson: Okay. And last question. Drug company stocks have done okay, in terms of business, but their stocks have taken a little bit of a hit lately. I don't know if that's an Amazon risk about them getting into the business. I'm just curious, Joel, if you have a view about Amazon entering the business and being a disruptor, so to speak, and if that weighs on your mind at all at this point.
