Joel S. Marcus: Well, I think there is no fundamental change. As I think Marc mentioned, Moderna has essentially or is moving out of that space in Tech Square 200 and moving to their new R&D and HQ headquarters at 325 Binney. So, they leave behind laboratory assets in that space or spaces. And our plan is to release those generally as a multi-tenant situation. So, it’s not really any change. We clearly knew for a long period of time that Moderna was leaving and this is just part of their growth and something we’ve done time and time again. Just remember, Alexandria Technology Square sits right across the street from MIT’s main science campus and you’ve got the best location in the world when it comes to laboratory space.
Joel S. Marcus: Well, I think if you look at the percentage of ARR coming from the mega campuses and that’s not you have a series of assets. Remember, this company was built over decades on individual acquisitions and then individual redevelopments and developments. And then the first mega campus that we bought was Tech Square, in fact, in 2006, and that really kind of launched that strategy, followed by Campus Point in 2010, and then the New York campus, which was our first mega development campus. So, I think you just have to think of it in terms these are still really very, very good assets, and we’ve moved in many cases and shed many of our more core assets in the suburbs, and we still have quite a number of standalone assets, not really in the outer suburbs that we’ve transacted over the last handful of years, and I think we’re looking at that. So, I’m not sure it’s easy to give you exact percentages, but as I said, our main goal is to move our mega campus annual rental revenue into the high 80s or low 90s over the next short handful of years, Tony, if that’s helpful.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes. So, I’ll ask Peter to comment from his perspective. But I think if you think about again, you said it, individual leases that come up quarter-to-quarter certainly drive those stats. I think it’s fair to say and Hallie has commented on this on a number of occasions, We’re seeing more demand from the earlier stage companies and the revenue generating companies, it’s the in between the biotechs that are in the clinic waiting for clinical milestone achievement that I think has caused some of the disruption in the normal leasing transactions that have gone on. And I think this quarter there was just more at the earlier stage, and those people can’t commit to 10 or 15 year leases because they’re likely to grow, and that’s the reason to have them on a mega campus because we can provide them 5,000, 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 whatever they want and we can double and triple their footprint on a mega campus, whereas an individual building, oftentimes, you can’t really do that.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, I can take that one. Hi, Rich. Yes, it’s not a perfect analysis, right, because volume can vary from quarter-to-quarter, particularly in that release and renewal bucket, right. That’s only a fraction of the total leasing. So, it’s not a perfect analysis. But yes, I mean, I think you’re right that the first half of the year was very strong. It’s the numbers are actually above the high end of our midpoint. But we feel comfortable with our guidance we’ve got out there, which we still think is very strong in this environment. And that it does imply on average slightly lower numbers than the first half, but I think we’re still very pleased with where we expect to come out for the year.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah. Well, I’ll comment and then Peter can. I think the answer is yes in the sense that we feel that the industry has been on a tear for, as I said, the 2014 to 2021 and then the rocketship and then kind of the drop off from that. And it’s pretty clear that in today’s fairly, way more disciplined allocation of capital from the life science industry, more and more, it’s clear to us, it’s been clear for a long time, but even more so today, that the best prospects for leasing and either keeping a tenant or attracting a new tenant is to give them great optionality on a mega campus, great amenities and that’s where we want to refocus or double down our efforts and we’ve gone a long way to bring that to reality. But we think that’s where we want to be out a period of time where we have fewer and fewer noncore assets, because I think they don’t give us the optionality to attract or grow with tenants the way we want to grow, not that the buildings aren’t leasable because some of them are absolutely great buildings and have great tenants.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes. And we really have done that if you look at Greater Boston. I mean, we didn’t have the money to get into Cambridge or even Waltham in the early days, so we started out in Worcester. And so are the evolution of how we’ve looked at each of the submarkets is we have gone from kind of outer burbs to kind of the inner core, just as the company has grown and now we just want to refine and hone that strategy. And we feel like we started that back as early as 2006 and now we’re doubling down on it.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, look we didn’t want to bore you all with the same numbers over and over and over again. I would say the only real material change was there was a lot of deliveries in San Francisco this past quarter, but it’s progressing like we thought. We are in the under 5% of total inventory left to deliver in this year and the next year about half of that amount will deliver next year. So, from the amount that is left to deliver in ‘24 is roughly half of what it was at the beginning of the year and so it’s progressing like we thought. It’s the same amount of space. We don’t see a material amount of supply dissipating. We also don’t see a material amount of supply being added.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, I can take that one, Michael. Yes, I mean, you’re right. The project at 230 Harriet Tubman was pushed out I think a quarter, that projects 100% leased, same with 840 Winter actually it’s a similar story on both of them that they’re 100% leased in the tenant programming just ends up making the construction a little bit longer. So, that just happens sometimes.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes. Thank you for the question. And I think it’s a good one. I think you have to remember that we’ve seen the internet bubble crash in 2000 the GFC in 2008, 2009, and then kind of the blow up of the rocket ship of COVID as it kind of came down to earth, and each one is kind of different. I think this time, we don’t have financial institution problems, we don’t have lots of companies that had kind of fake business plans failing, like back in 2000, not so much biotech, but certainly in the dot com bubble era. I think this time, we’ve never seen supply in our particular niche. Supply has always been there, but it’s never been oversupplied in a sense. And so when you combine that oversupply with more muted demand coming off just rocketship demand of 2021, I mean, our leasing quadrupled during some of those quarters and years, which you just know can’t be sustained. I think that’s the overarching issue and the industry and Hallie did a great job of articulating the segments is mission critical. It’s the crown jewel of this country, its critical to the health of our citizen and beyond. And I think that, and the funding factors and diversity is very, very strong. How that translates into is the big question everybody wants answered, but there’s no algorithm to do it. How that translates into a more consistent and robust demand. And I think that’s what we’re all kind of working through. And every cycle is just different. And so we’re very optimistic about the future. Obviously, we wouldn’t be in this business if we weren’t. But we know that we have to make adjustments to our assets, our capital plan and make sure that we have we’re best positioning the company to help our 800 tenants grow and attract a whole lot more. And we think by selling more of the noncore assets, slimming down the future pipeline a bit and doubling down on the mega campus is the right strategy till the market really turns. And I think whether the election, whether it’s the executive branch or each of the houses, helps reinforce a more robust economic environment. It’s hard to say, as I said in my prepared remarks, debt service and the overall health of that, of the economy, given debt to GDP and so forth. A lot of really smart people have opined on that issue and we want to make sure that if there’s a bigger shock out there to the system, we’re extremely well protected. So sorry for the long answer.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, the answer is no. And the mix of the different segments, whether it be product and device, multinational pharma, private biotech, all were actually pretty strong and a mixture of those, public biotech was probably among the lowest. That’s just how it works, given what we’ve said about the barbell, but nothing don’t read anything into if you look at first quarter was extremely strong, this quarter’s more muted, but still pretty solid. And I think it kind of just is kind of down the middle of the fairway as we see it at this juncture.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, I’ll ask Hallie to answer, but my kind of the one thing that would make a huge difference would be the true opening of the IPO market, which signals that you’ve got long term investors, crossover investors and even earlier stage investors participating. The IPOs that have happened to date are kind of few and far between and they’ve traded down on an average pretty substantially. So, that’s one thing that would be very recognizable and has been something that has led some of the other bull markets. But Hallie, you could comment more in-depth.
Joel S. Marcus: Well, I think it’s way more complicated than that. People in this industry don’t move for a buck a foot difference, that’s just not relevant. And also the sponsorship of who they lease from is critical because there have been a number over the last year of significant failures of others in this industry where labs have been shut down and major damages happen to the science or the people in the laboratories. So, operating with the best of breed in the industry makes a big difference. We don’t see anybody that’s just going to move to a place for some small difference that just doesn’t happen. And if the tenants are decent, our mega campus strategy is aimed at always having inventory to allow these companies to grow and to retain them. So, that’s the big issue. Supply isn’t really the big issue now. Supply does impact leasing in the sense that when somebody is looking at space, they could cite other locations. But if the locations aren’t really dead centre comparable then those comps don’t really make a big difference and people aren’t going to pick up and leave for as I say a few bucks cheaper rent, it just doesn’t happen in this industry.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes. So, Marc, you could comment on overall mark-to-market and Peter, you could give some observations if you want.
Joel S. Marcus: Just want to wish everybody a safe and healthy summer and we’ll look forward to talking on our third quarter call. Thank you, everybody.
Marc E. Binda: Yes, I was just going to say, yes, I think what you’re referring to is the lease percentage on the development pipeline. It wasn’t that leases were leased and then weren’t leased. What happened there was we actually added a little bit more square feet into one of the assets at 311 Arsenal. That was a project that has been coming back to us in phases. And so the project just got larger this quarter and as a result the lease percentage went down. So, I don’t know that there was any type of surprise there.
Marc E. Binda: Yes. No, I don’t think there’s yes, look, if you look at last quarter the pending items that we were looking at, I think that number has come down a little bit. But I think that number came down by a pretty small amount if I recall correctly. So, I don’t know if there’s anything shocking or surprising from our end. I think we’re focused on conserving capital and putting our capital into the active pipeline and focus on dispositions at the moment.
Marc E. Binda: Yes. Hi, Michael. Yes, there’s not a magic number there in terms of when it would turn off. There’s continuing activities today on doing work on those floors that remain to be leased and delivered. But yes, if there was a situation where those activities ceased, where the demand just couldn’t catch up with the supply there then we would have to shut down those portions of the project that no longer have activity. So, we’ll continue to watch that very carefully.
Marc E. Binda: Yes, sure. Hi, Wes. I was just going to say Tech Square, if you look at the ARR subject to ground lease was far and away the largest ground lease that we have. It was about a third of the ARR subject to ground leases. The balance of that is spread across I think 29 different properties. And then if you think about where the lease terms are kind of on a pro form basis once the amendment or now that the amendment is done. It’s a little bit more of 60 plus years. So, I think we’ve got pretty good term on in terms of the remainder of our ground leases.
Marc E. Binda: Yes, I can take that one, Vikram. Yes, so on the Apple one that you mentioned or really in Austin, we’re renewing some of that space. If you look at the lease expirations, some of that’s being negotiated. The balance of that the spaces we’re getting back are warehouse and R&D spaces. So, those are that space we’re marketing, we’ve got folks looking at that. It’s possible that some of those one or two of those buildings gets converted, but we’ll have to stay tuned. When you talk about repositioning, that’s more in the lines of what I think Joel or Peter talked about earlier for the Tech Square 200 where it’s an existing laboratory building, but it’s been single tenant for a while and it’s an opportunity to be able to market that space to multi-tenant. So, that’s in terms of when we talk about repositioning that’s we’re thinking of that is in the bad CapEx bucket. But again, if you look back over a long period of time that the amount of CapEx has been relatively small.
Marc E. Binda: Hey, Jim. This is Marc. Yeah, you’re right. There was actually one project that was already leased where the tenant actually came back to us to actually add on additional term. That project has not been finished yet, hasn’t been completed. So, a bit of a conundrum where you put that, but given that that project hasn’t delivered, it’s in the development pipeline. That’s a project in San Diego and we were happy to see that happen because we got an extra term out of it. So, that’s the reason for that. That doesn’t happen very often.
Marc E. Binda: Yes. Dylan, I think if you’re just looking at renewals as a percentage of expirations, it’s really hard to get the full picture. Case in point, you’ve got as an example, you’ve got Moderna and Tech Square that we talked about right where large space that they will not be renewing, right. But what’s missing is, right, they signed 462,000 square foot lease at a new development. So, it’s difficult just to take the retention rates right off the face of the leasing page. I mean, the way we look at it, when we normalize for those sorts of things, we really haven’t seen a drop off in retention.
Marc E. Binda: Sure. Yes. I mean, we talk about the in-place mark-to-market for our entire portfolio being about 12%. We typically don’t break that down kind of market by market. But you’re right, we do have a fair amount of space that’s rolling. The good news is a lot of that’s in Cambridge, which that’s where you’re getting space back. It’s still a place where market rents have done pretty well. But Peter, maybe I’ll let you comment specifically if you want on market rents there.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. Hey, Tony, it’s Peter. Yes, look, the things that we’ll have cap rates published, I think you’ll find to be in line with our commentary of good quality assets are still in demand. I don’t want to spoil any thunder for next quarter, but we do have a couple of things that are going that are pretty good. Noncore assets though can certainly not necessarily be representative of our prime assets that we plan on holding in perpetuity. But GAAP rates are a tough thing to figure out these days what people’s returns, what they are looking for largely depends on their cost of capital which has been varied throughout the last few quarters. But I’m going to go ahead and wait till I think next quarter we’ll have something to publish and you’ll see the numbers.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. Hey, Michael, it’s Peter. Great observation. It’s one of the first things that I noticed when I started looking at the numbers and Joel is absolutely spot on. It’s serendipitous. We had just a large portion of the leasing was for early-stage companies. And as Joel mentioned, those companies tend to sign shorter term leases because they expect to be much bigger in the future. And Joel is exactly right. It’s one of the reasons that we adopted a mega campus strategy because we have these types of tenants that will grow within the mega campus. So, but yes, no trend other than just serendipity.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, well, Mark mentioned in his comments that although it was higher than maybe the last couple of handful of quarters that TI/LC number was about our average since 2020. These are renewals, so it’s going to -- the numbers will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on the work that needs to be done on the suite. Mark mentioned in his comments the recycling, the durability of our spaces. We don’t have to put a lot of CapEx to continue the lease and to continue to leverage off previous investment. But in certain cases you have a tenant that might need to do some reconfiguration or you might have a lease that’s in a space that’s 15 years old or so, so you got to put more money into it. So, it’s again, it’s not a trend, it’s not a market trend like it would be. We’ve talked about things from shell, the TIs have gone up considerably, because tenants don’t want to invest in the space like they used to have to. But in the case of renewals, it’s just lease-by-lease. What is the space look like? What is the tenant need? But it’s still if you consider the inflation that has happened in construction costs $30 is still not a lot of money to be averaging on renewals.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, that’s exactly correct. Of all the markets submarkets, South San Francisco certainly as we’ve highlighted and Peter has talked about that for quite a number of quarters, has one of the most outsized supply issues. Remember too, this is an old building that we inherited in a joint venture. So, the time and effort to get this redeveloped is just what it is. The good news is we have several transactions going on that weren’t alive last quarter. So, I think that’s good news. Marc can comment on the termination of capitalization.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, I mean, I think about it in a way as long-term holds are going to be mega campuses in the prime core locations and you’ve seen us put up really strong numbers there. And then we’ve got some good assets. We own them because they were good assets, but they are not mega campuses. They are typically not within the core mark, core centres of innovation, but they were areas that supported research for different reasons and might be 100 to 200 basis point spread between something prime and something not so prime.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. Look, I think it is a bit of a silver lining but I would say that it would have happened anyway because of our observation that the mega campus model was where we needed to be headed. So, ultimately those assets maybe it would have been at a slower pace, but we would have, been selling those noncore, non-mega campus assets over time anyway.
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, look, I think Joel mentioned it earlier that our development pipeline may shrink in the future and something that’s non income producing like land is very accretive to sell and to use to fund our current pipeline or in our future in place pipeline. So, of course, we would like to if we for certain in certain areas if we have land that we can market and sell, we will. So, it will certainly be part of our strategy.
Peter M. Moglia: Well, look it is consistent with the way we’ve characterized demand. By and large across our regions there has been a barbell of early-stage companies being very active and large pharma being very active and not as much in the middle due to a lack or not necessarily a lack of wanting to grow, but lack of confidence to grow. So, we do expect that the middle will fill in over-time especially considering the metrics that Hallie started to or had presented but it’s not a trend it just happened to be we had a number of earlier stage company leases rolling and it just was a coincidence.
Peter M. Moglia: Yeah. And just maybe a footnote on that. So, Apple is in the process of negotiating a renewal on the majority of the buildings, but they’re giving back two of the buildings, which Marc highlighted. I think the good news is, one is, I think imminently releasable as R&D and the other is warehouse, which we do have a client who’s actually very interested in that. And based on what we’ve seen in the market, there also could be some demand for data centre activity there. So we’re not necessarily we had in our forward model, we had assumed this scenario that we would get back two buildings that weren’t adjacent to their campus where their other buildings are and that they would take those forward and that’s exactly how it played out.
Peter M. Moglia: We’ve been looking at a lot of data around where face rates are and Boston is and the rest of our large markets are pretty consistent where rents have come off the peaks of 2021, 2022, but they’re still well above the pre pandemic rates. Of course, you still have more concessions today in the form of TIs for the newly built space. But we’re pretty happy considering the supply dynamic that rents are still above the pre pandemic levels.
