Stephen A. Richardson: Thank you, Peter. The solid core operating performance during 2013 in our key brain trust cluster locations is continuing as we work our way through the first quarter of 2014. The trajectory of the mark-to-market metric evidenced by the gap increase of 18.2% this past quarter is very encouraging, as it highlights the increasing value and strength of the company’s core class A assets in these AAA locations. We’ve seen a clear sense of urgency to secure and lock down space returning to the market as we’re approaching high occupancy rates in each of our key clusters. This is translating directly to enhanced activity in our 2014 and 2015 roles. We have just 491,000 square feet remaining to resolve in 2014. We’re only 3.3% of our operating asset base. Nearly half of that is concentrated in Boston and San Francisco, two of the hardest markets. We’re also getting out in front of our 2015 rollovers and engaging in discussions with key clients and we’ll move on to the details and activity in these clusters. We’ve seen the lease rates in Cambridge increasing approximately 10% year-over-year, and now range in the mid to high 50s for existing product with build-to-suit projects pricing at $70 triple net. We’re tracking approximately 640,000 square feet of known life science demand with more behind it and another 1.6 million square feet of demand from tech users. The mark-to-market for rollovers this year excluding one legacy these is 7.5% and 14.6% on a cash and GAAP basis in Cambridge. Moving over to San Francisco, the rents in Mission Bay have increased approximately 15% during the past year. They’re now in the mid-40s triple net. We’ve also seen that South Francisco submarket experienced lease rate increases in this range during 2013 and on a mark-to-market basis still remain 20% below historic levels. The mark-to-market for rollovers, we anticipate resolving this year in the Bay area will be slightly positive cash and a very healthy 10% on a GAAP basis. Demand remains very robust with 1 million square feet of life science and 7 million square feet of tech tenant requirements in a broader San Francisco to Silicon Valley marketplace. San Diego’s activity is highlighted by a decrease in the direct vacancy on the Torrey Pines Bluff growth of 144 basis points from 10.1% to 8.66% at a time when we have significant activity on our Class A spectrum project located on Science Park Road. Rents have increased 7% from last year to the upper 30s triple net in the submarket and we’re currently tracking 1.2 million square feet of high-quality demand across the three key clusters in San Diego. Moving back east to Maryland, we’ve seen a steady increase from its trough. Joe had noted a key lease execution there and we anticipate mark-to-market rent with a healthy 10% increase for rollovers this year. And the regional team is tracking another 0.25 million square feet of demand with an emphasis on high-quality space. Moving back to the northwest, the Seattle market is experiencing pent-up demand as we’re tracking and engage with tenants seeking a total set of requirements of about 280,000 feet. We’re extremely well-positioned with our development opportunities in the heart of South Lake Union, which, many know, is also experiencing a boom in demand from the tech sector. Finally, wrapping up in the southeast, the RTP market has tightened considerably over the past year with the 190 bps decrease in vacancy to 10.6% and we’re tracking about 90,000 square feet demand in the market and do anticipate a very healthy mark-to-market GAAP rents approaching 20% increases. With that, I’ll turn it over to Dean.
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes, I’d say it was primarily – well, all the leases were extending on the terms, but I would say that you had a couple larger leases within the year and the 10 to 15 year lease terms that were extended that really drove GAAP rent increases in 2013. If you back them out you’re probably still in that 13% range on growth. So it’s still a very strong year, but a little bit inflated by two large transactions.
Stephen A. Richardson: All right. So we are currently – to give you some perspective, we have about 11% that’s leased, but has not been delivered yet, which leases maybe 43% of the project on the second tower to resolve. And as Joel mentioned, we have some transactions that we’re working through. So I think from a timing perspective, our goal would be to resolve most of the remaining lease-up over the next, call it, four quarters. We’ll have a better sense as we make our way through the year and we’re sitting here in Q1. So I’m talking about into early 2015 we should have pretty good color on resolving the rest of the space. Now I’m not talking about necessarily delivery, but hopefully moving the remaining space through negotiation and lease over that timeframe.
Stephen A. Richardson: Sheila, we hope that we’re conservative in our modeling as well. So I think there’s upside from our own model to the extent we get ahead of our delivery timeframe.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Thanks, Steve. Jumping right in, the same-property performance for 2013 was very solid, about $17.4 million or 5.4% on cash basis and up $6 million or 1.8% on a GAAP basis. Cash same-property performance for 2013 was driven primarily by our favorable lease structure, again 95% contained annual contractual steps in rent and 94% of our leases are triple net. Other drivers included lease up of temporary vacancy in the first of 2012 in Cambridge, at 790 Memorial and 300 Technology Square and rent commencement for Illumina in San Diego in October of 2012. Briefly on value creation projects that were completed in the fourth quarter, we hit a major milestone with the completion in December and the delivery of the first portion of our second class A lab building in New York City. This delivery is about 12 months and two weeks after the delivery of a crane to the site in early December of 2012. Major construction activities and capitalization of interest is forecasted to continue through the remainder of the project. Overall yields are on track with our disclosures. In fact I think you’ll find that we’ll be well ahead, meaningful ahead when we're done with this project, but let us work through the remainder of the lease-up there. We also completed the redevelopment of 4757 Nexus Center. 79% of the project was delivered at the end of October and the remainder of the project will be delivered over the next 18 to 24 months. I got a few comments on the balance sheet. First, the timing of closing the purchase of 150 Second Street in Cambridge resulted in debt-to-EBITDA at 6.6 times a year end. On a pro forma basis assuming a full period of EBITDA from the acquisition leverage is right on target at 6.5 times. Timing of transactions, spending and EBITDA growth will result in some increases and decreases in leverage quarter-to-quarter. Our overall goals for debt to adjusted EBITDA and our fixed charge coverage ratio have not changed. These metrics will continue to range within reason quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and our growth in cash flows and EBITDA will allow us to maintain solid credit metrics. We increased our land sales target in our guidance at the midpoint by about $125 million related to the projected sale of a partial interest in certain near-term development land parcels. We also eliminated our prior guidance of $250 million of issuances of common equity through our ATM program in 2014. The timing of the sale of an interest in certain land parcels is conservative and earlier than our previous common equity assumptions and therefore these changes resulted in no impact to our overall guidance in FFO per share. The remaining $125 million in sources of capital was an increase in debt. On January 31 we repaid $209 million of our 5.6% secured loan related to our 1.2 million square foot campus at Alexandria Technology Square in Cambridge. Our fourth quarter annualized NOI was approximately $67 million, really double the NOI that was in place at acquisition. That really brings our cash yield on this project to 8.5% today based on our gross real estate investment to date. Our total unencumbered NOI as a result of repaying this debt will increase to 85%. Outstanding debt under our bank facilities was reduced by over $600 million or approximately 32% since December 31, 2012. I’d like to touch briefly on our strategy for bank debt outstanding on our credit facilities. As of 12/31 we had about $1.3 billion outstanding under the three facilities, down meaningfully from this time last year. $950 million or 73% of our outstanding debt under the facilities is subject interest rate swap contracts with various swaps maturing through early 2017. We strategically maintain unhedged variable rate debt to provide flexibility to opportunistically refinance our debt. Our interest rate swap agreements are considered from time to time and further mitigate interest rate risk of both in notional and in effect each month as well as extending swap contracts beyond 2017. We plan to repay outstanding borrowings each year under our $500 million unsecured term loan until the loan is repaid in full by its maturity in July of 2016. Repayment of this loan over the next few years will reduce our credit facilities by 16% to approximately 26% of total debt. Additionally as our capital structure grows over the next several years Bank debt will also become a smaller portion of our capital structure. More importantly, we will continue to focus on improvement in our capital structure while we also focus on optionality that drive stable and solid growth in bottom-line per share earnings and growth and asset value. Lastly for guidance, we updated EPS diluted to a range of $1.75 to $1.95 and we reaffirmed our guidance for FFO per share as adjusted for 2014 at a range $4.60 to $4.80. With that I’ll turn it back to Joel.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yes, I would say that the large majority of that investment portfolio is held at cost and you probably realize that over the years we’ve been able to end up with significant liquidity events that have realized gains and I think in the backdrop of where life science, biotech companies are valued today you are probably comfortably at true-ups on cost and this is all historical rules, early entry point, investments on these underlying life science companies. So, I think on average there and like we said we took two charges that aren’t reflective of the overall valuation.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yes, I think part of this was now that we have gotten to a point where the balance sheet and on boarding of EBITDA will help our future, will really fuel and gives us a platform to grow now more consistently and certainly a bit likely we had for Lehman. It seemed to us after a lot of internal discussions and discussions with those outside that if we do not increase our share count this year through offerings it will, I think be a good demonstration that the company can grow nicely without relying on common equity. And I think that was a little bit of the core of how we thought about it. I think you guys commented directly on the last call and asked that question and I think we have clearly given some very deep thoughts about and I think irrespective of whether our stock was at 60 or 61 or 70, we feel that by working with a joint venture partner who can provide us immediate capital and a flexible structure to help us monetize and ultimately on board cash from development parcels where we have the ability to tenant some of those properties today to the firm to later on doesn’t make sense. That will be other thing that really drove the extraordinary demand in the market, some of which is known and some of which isn’t. And I think those things kind of can do a confluence, but made us move in this different direction.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yes Jamie, then I think I can add this, if you look back the last couple of years we probably averaged somewhere between gross gains, somewhere of $10 million to $15 million and sometimes larger than that. So, it’s been a pretty consistent opportunity to realize gains over time.
Dean A. Shigenaga: There’s always based run rate of recurring gains from the investment portfolio quarter-to-quarter so yes.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Any large, in a case like Jamie, we hit some home run like we did in 2012 and we got that out, it was the large.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Well I’d say first off it’s only been a couple of months. So, although things have improved, I would say generally speaking from the demand standpoint state that’s remained healthy. I think it’s just too early to think about change in our outlook for the year and as we go through the year we’ll revisit. But everything is pretty much on track with our views that we shared with you on Investor Day.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yes, that we have it on page 17 that’s project is footnoted to on Page 17 it’s Barnes Canyon Road we acquired that in the third quarter of 2013 and 67,000 square feet it did roll in January and it will undergo convergent into hi-tech office base for redevelopment and it is a 100% pre-leased. All the remaining space that we have expiring for 2014 aggregates about 491,000 square feet this excludes anything that’s leased there or under negotiations that’s highly anticipated to result favorably. The remaining bucket is only I think the largest leases are somewhere in the 40, high 40,000 square foot range and they’re only a couple of two or three of them at that range. So nothing significant rolling in 2014.David B. Rodgers – Robert W. Baird & Company: I will just add to Dean and I had touched on that during my comments on a mark-to-market basis we are looking very favorable on those roles. It is pretty well distributed across the portfolio again with a concentration in Boston and San Francisco where we’re using healthy demand. So, nothing out of the ordinary there.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Right, I don’t comment on IRRs that we are achieving, we did give a lot of disclosure on the yield. But I believe the purchase price was $94.5 million, and then. Yes, $94.5 million, it was $767 of foot. That is fairly healthy price per pound, but considering some of the New York type of trades that you see that exceed $1,000 of foot and the high rents that you see for large space in Cambridge I think it’s an appropriate price per pound. Stabilized yield will be 7.3% and that will be achieved sometime in August of 2015 when the free ramp from the existing tenants burns off. You may not know, but foundation one of the tenants was pulled from One Kendall Square and they got a pretty big free rent package in order to come over there and so that needs to burn off. And we also have another 18,000 square feet of leasing to do. So we anticipate we’ll get that all resolved by August of 15 and will be cash flowing at 7.3% at that point.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, that’s a good question. Thanks very much. Maybe just one step back very useful to say why we do, what we do and that is we think really a couple of reasons one is, it gives us the strategic window into really breakthrough science and product opportunities that ultimately in many cases lead to tenancies. Number 2, it gives us an unparalleled knowledge of industry trends and how we should be thinking about Banks, three, it allows us the homes are skilled based and underwriting tenants and obviously very importantly our financial returns. I think right now is that amount is about 1.7%, 1.8% of total assets, I think we’ve got a solid ROI over the past number of years. I would say that given where the BATAC [ph] sector has gone over the past year or two. We would clearly be well above market on marking those, marking-to-market those private investments. We’re participated in some of the most important companies and we know that those companies have huge upside and huge market opportunities. So we feel very good about we’re positioned. So I think the true impairments that we recognized shouldn’t be at all looked out as an indicator of kind of where that value is today the two impairments one related to a company that actually started a number of years ago and that has been winding down over period of time and the other was a clean tech asset if you work 60 minutes in the North coastal couple of weeks ago that market has really not down as well. So, the core therapeutic life science investments have really done well and we are very comfortable with where we are on that. So I hope that gives you some color.
Joel S. Marcus: We do kind of continuously and we’ve seen a lot of, you might think about this and this goes back to the question many asked gains are conservative guide by nature. So I won’t overrule this max number, but if you think about we have quite a few private investments, some of which have gone public or in the processes of going public, so that gives us a nice opportunity, once they do, goes to market and then also obviously to think about are there times where we would access most IPOs you are generally locked up 180 days. But I think we’ve had very good results and we are very comfortable with where we are.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes it’s kind of interesting you have to remember when we delivered the West Tower Peter negotiated the lease with Eli Lilly, but they were our anchor, but essentially there is no market there to speak up. We actually have had to create the market which we feel very good about. We took a risk, the Citi took a risk on us and I think it maybe big dividends for both. So, you can’t look at market dynamics because they simply don’t exists. So every single lease and every single tenancy, we actually have to force and really work on you can’t just paying out for lease time expected to show up or market demand to go there so. It’s not easy listing and I know I remember very clearly when we delivered the East Tower and we St. Louis there was some discontent among what the Street that said well how come you even leased it up well. We have a three year lease-up and we did it in one, so we are pretty pleased this time, we’ve got a two year lease-up and hopefully we can do it, a year from now we’ll be hopefully done. But as I said, we are in least negotiations with one private biotech company we expect to move there another public company that we expect to move their non-existing tenants we’ve got some internal demand from existing tenants we’ve obviously been talking to Roche and others about expansion. We do have a backlog of a couple of companies we’ve got one big pharma that is they had a great year it is not now currently in New York, as far as research. But it’s really too really to tell. So, I’m not sure I can give you any more color. Over to Peter.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, I’d say one thing that was different there was a new mill I traded with one region this morning we are starting to see interestingly enough, which we haven’t seen maybe a decade tenants coming to us and saying gee, our lease rolls in 15% or 16% or 17% and we’d like to try to tie-down space today. We haven’t really seen that for a long-time it’s actually been the opposite way, going to various tenants whose leases are coming up not this year, but over the next year or two to try to – I don't know that it's a blend and extend. Maybe a couple of years ago it's more blend and extend. Today it's just renewal, but we’re starting to see that reverse inquiry now. We just had one very large tenant ask us to consider renewing right away and that is kind of a nice thing to see. So that's a good sign in the marketplace.David B. Rodgers – Robert W. Baird & Company:  Great. Thank you.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, I think Sheila it’s probably consistent with what we’ve talked about with the rollovers mark-to-market. So you’re probably in that 10% to 15% range in both of those markets on a GAAP basis.
Joel S. Marcus: But keep in mind, our internal model, as we said in the East Tower, Sheila, was a three-year lease up. Right now we have a two year lease up and we just delivered first space at the end of December. So we hope to beat that.
Joel S. Marcus: Wow, that’s a good question. There is a new sheriff in town, I guess, who likes affordable housing. So I don’t know. We actually approached the city pre-year-end under the Bloomberg administration thinking maybe there was something we could do to accelerate things, but they didn’t really want to put anything into play. So we’ve kind of gone back to the game book or the play book that says we got to finish the West Tower before we then approach them on the option parcel. It’s just hard to know, I mean honestly speaking if the city wanted to do something they could clearly designate that as residential, if they wanted to, although not sure how affordable what our views would be from that location. But we’re hoping that the long-term interest of the city are aligned with ours that said they really want to continue to build the commercial life science sector and so we hope that will happen. But I would expect now that – now Bloomberg is out, I don’t think there will be any earlier discussions with them given where we are in the West Tower.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes I’ve been into 26 Lands Down many times. I’m not sure that I currently have the knowledge of how the systems are functioning, ARIAD has been historically a pretty heavy chemistry user. So that’s an issue. And I think obsolete for their transition from a small company to a commercial stage company. So it may – there could be functionality in the chemistry side and there could be functionality just for the nature of the stage of the growth of the company. And so I am not the best one to ask about that, I think if you look at overall space in the market I think you have to look at really I would say space in Cambridge is the only space you could look at that could be functionally obsolete as some of the Vertex space that we heard is going to be going to office. But I think Tom Andrews could probably give us better details on a property-by-property. But remember, our experience up in Seattle we sold the Old Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center we bought it as a converted hospital many years ago. Those systems actually lasted since the 1970. So, these buildings, are built if they have done right, they have a long-term, re-leasable, reusable and if they are maintained well functionality for many, many decades.Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great thanks.
Joel S. Marcus: Okay, thank you operator, thank you everybody for taking time. We did it under an hour and that’s good news. And we look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call. Thanks again.
