Steve Richardson: Thank you, Joel, and welcome everybody as well. As we presented during the last quarterly call, 2020 represented an exceptional year of high-quality growth for Alexandria, as we increased the asset base by 27% to nearly 50 million square feet. Now, the first quarter of 2021, a truly blowout quarter by all metrics, has clearly signaled the continuation of this exceptional growth trajectory and definitively affirms Alexandria’s leadership role in the now core life science asset class, and it’s highly valued status within the broad life science ecosystem. The Company’s 27-year commitment to operational excellence at every level fuels the following outperformance highlights for Q1. Accounts receivable, we’ve collected 99.4% of our April AR billings as of today. And again, Alexandria’s labs are essential infrastructure and have been operational from day one of the pandemic. Some detail on leasing outperformance. During Q1, we leased approximately 1,677,000 square feet, which notably represents the second highest quarterly leasing activity during the past five years, an amazing statistic considering the broader turmoil in the office market. Peter will touch on this in more detail, but the current and near-term development pipeline continues to deliver value in a de-risked manner as we are at 76% leased and negotiating, even while adding 1 million square feet of new starts during this quarter. The core in particular is exceptionally strong. We continue to highlight and bring everyone’s attention to the embedded growth and value within the core operating platform, comprised now of nearly 34 million square feet with cash increases this quarter of 17.4% and GAAP increases of 36.2%. On occupancy, also very, very solid with 94.5% which has grown in excess of 2 million square feet this quarter, compared to Q4 through our strategic acquisition activity. And we want to continue to bring to everyone’s attention the near-term opportunity for increasing cash flows through the lease-up of 1.2 million square feet of existing inventory provided by these recent acquisitions. Overall, on market health, demand continues to be robust in our core clusters, and our mega campus offerings provide a significant competitive advantage to the Company. Importantly, subleases are in tight check as since the start of 2021, just two subleases have been brought to market in one of our clusters, and both of those subleases have already been put under LOI. Supply more broadly is constrained for 2021 across all of our markets. And in the two largest markets for 2022, we’ve seen nearly 50% of the supply is pre-leased in Greater Boston, and in the San Francisco Bay Area, we’re monitoring just two projects for potential vertical activity in 2022. And as we’ve stated before, Alexandria’s mega campus, high-quality Class A product offerings continue to outperform any inferior one-off Class B office conversions in isolated locations. The year 2020 was truly an amazing year for Alexandria at the vanguard and heart of the life science ecosystem. And now, the first quarter of 2021 has exceeded those accomplishments with stellar performance. And in conclusion, I’d like to add to Joel, shout out to the entire Alexandria team for this quarter’s achievements. With that, I’ll hand it off to Peter.
Steve Richardson: Yes. I would add to that. Manny, it’s Steve here. It is an expansion, incremental expansion of the core clusters. So, it’s not new markets or new clusters. I would absolutely characterize it as expansion of existing core clusters.
Steve Richardson: Yes, I do want to underline that it has been across all the markets, certainly, Research Triangle in Maryland, we've seen nice growth there as well as Seattle, San Diego, Cambridge, San Francisco. And I guess, Jamie, when you look at our re-leasing and renewal stats, this quarter, it's 17% plus cash and 36% GAAP. In the last four quarters, 2020 in entirety, was in that range as well. I think that really speaks for itself as you see rent growth overtime here on these Class A assets.
Steve Richardson: I would broadly say that lease rates are exceeding the anticipated construction costs increases. So it's all positive.
Steve Richardson: Look, you can put a flyer out. You can send out blast e-mails and say your office building is going to accommodate lab users. But until you go ahead and actually start making investments in the base building infrastructure and advancing that, tenants are not going to be attracted to that type of offering and that type of entity with a one-off building. Again, they're in kind of isolated locations. They're not always in the core life science clusters. So as Joel said, I think there's a lot of talk out there but we don't see a lot of action. Inevitably, there will be a handful of 50,000 to 100,000 square foot offerings but nothing that really competes with the million plus square foot mega campus that's fully amenitized with brand new or newly redeveloped Class A product that we're offering. We monitor every market very closely.
Steve Richardson: Yes, the Apple footprint, I think, will be transformative for the park for sure. And we do have one of our campuses in the Kit Creek area with a number of buildings that are in close proximity there. So we think that will help continue to really invigorate the campus going forward, as Joel has been outlining, and in particular, really help these specific assets. So we're very enthusiastic about their presence there.
Steve Richardson: Actually, I think your comment on heading to parity, that's actually -- when you started asking your question, I was like the geographic differences that used to be obvious are being blurred. Once you get down to 4% caps, I would not be surprised -- obviously, 4% cap is being achieved in Cambridge. I would not be surprised to see it go below 4% in Cambridge at some point soon. A high quality asset in San Diego was probably at 5%, low 5% cap two years ago, and I would expect that to be a low 4% cap today. So things are starting to -- or the difference, the geographic difference that cap rates had before are really starting to narrow. And it's probably obvious that there's so many people out there looking for exposure to Life Science that the geography doesn't matter as much as it does to get the exposure to Life Science.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well, this is Joel. So, maybe let me address that in a macro way. I don’t think you could say we’re going after our core cluster markets. The core cluster market you’re referring to, maybe Fenway, is really, if you look at the Greater Boston market, Cambridge has been the hallmark, but there have been a set of inner suburbs, if you will, that are somewhat -- have somewhat adjacency to the Cambridge area that have been attractive. Seaport’s been there for quite a while and many others have had life science activities. So, I think, it’s part of just growth overall. And we’re very selective about where we go and how we do it. And Fenway was a natural. I think I said last quarter, we’ve been eyeing Fenway for more than a decade as it is kind of a connection from -- to Longwood, where we’ve had activity and certainly one of the core markets, core cluster markets at Cambridge. But, I don’t think -- I wouldn’t characterize it out of the core market by any means. I don’t know, Steve, if you want to comment on that.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And I would say, let me add a footnote to what Dean said. I think, Manny, you saw us make a move to sale of the Stripe and Pinterest buildings, which we developed early on in -- starting in 2014 circa in San Francisco opportunistically and made a sale of those entire buildings. And there are some assets that we are eyeing for that. So, it could well be a combination.
Joel Marcus: So the answer is we won't talk about that specifically. But we've been in Watertown for maybe as much as 20 years. We've felt that was an attractive adjacent sub-market to the Cambridge market. Life Science has always enjoyed going there. We clearly made a big move with the Arsenal on the Charles and that campus and what we're doing to redevelop and develop that. The Watertown mall is kind of an adjacency. And what you're looking at is kind of a mega campus in Watertown. We're seeing some great R&D continuing to favor that market. I think if you look at that versus some of the sub-markets in and around the Greater Boston Market where transport is really, really difficult, I think Watertown is one which is, I think, easier to both ingress and egress and that's been a real attractive thing as well. But as far as this specific asset, I don't think we want to comment.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I mean, Steve can comment on a macro way. We just haven't -- there's a lot of smoke but not a lot of fire and we have some anecdotal evidence of even some that have been attempted that have really kind of totally failed. And they're not an attractive alternative for first in class companies that are looking for high quality space. We just haven't seen this tsunami of conversions that people are talking about. But Steve, you could comment broadly.
Joel Marcus: So I think the -- Dean, correct me if I'm wrong, I think yields will likely come out in future subs. I'm not sure we want to quote anything at this point. But I think, Sheila, Moderna has turned out to be one of those monumental companies, and vaccines were really almost nonexistent or a sideshow in their business plan for the last decade. But it's pretty clear that we own the adjacent location where it is mission critical manufacturing for the vaccine. And as you can imagine, they're looking at lots of opportunities to expand that because the vaccine is not a one or two and done. This is likely to be like the flu, where you're going to have to get boosters on a fairly regular basis. So this is really part of their strategic plan to be able to supply both the United States and part of the world with much needed vaccines now and into the future. And it's going to be iterating, because the variants are going to cause changes in what the vaccine needs to do. And so we felt that as the go to landlord for Moderna, this was in both of our interests to make happen. So I hope that's helpful as just kind of a framework. But you can expect yields to come out, I guess, either next quarter or shortly thereafter.
Joel Marcus: So let me maybe take those in reverse and maybe speak to New York City. So as everybody knows, many on this call either live or work in New York and have seen, over the last year, what's happened there, still a somewhat tough place to be. Security is still an issue. Unfortunately, crime rates and shootings have gone up, really skyrocketed in enormous fashion. So we're very focused on the security of our campus. Our campuses is almost full, although, we're creating some additional space in the existing two buildings and moving a number of tenants around to accommodate growth. And we're also filling up Long Island City, which is kind of a nice relief valve. We're in discussions with the city on the North Tower. We are going to break ground here over the past many months. But clearly, because of what's going on there and the change in the macro environment, we didn't go forward instantly. We had to rejigger kind of what we're thinking about but we're in discussions with the city to see how best we can move that forward. I think you have to remember, New York, growing a cluster is like having a baby for 25 years, and it's painful, right? And we're just finishing the first decade. And literally, New York, when we came and launched our first building there in 2010 and then into 2011 and beyond, literally no life science research was done there, world class academic work, world class clinical work, one incubator up on the Columbia campus. Pfizer had a headquarters there. But by enlarge, no research. Since then, we've made enormous strides. We've gotten venture capital off the ground there. A lot of companies have started. But we don't see big companies. They're reluctant and haven't really been successful in moving any big companies there. The recent tax efforts by the state certainly are aggressive to, I think, growth in New York, adding on to the tax burden in New York City, New York State, et cetera, and then a federal is kind of hurtful. So New York has a range of issues. It's great substrate, great NIH money, venture is formed. But it's going to take another decade or part of a decade and a half to really grow that into a real life secondary market like some of the others that you know much better. So it's a work in process. We see some company formation. There's certainly institutional demand and so forth, but it's different than the other markets. So maybe moving to Research Triangle, and I might have either Peter or Steve give any macro comments as well. But we made a move last summer. We felt that Research Triangle was an important part of the life science landscape, it has been for many years. We have both several mega campuses, both on the life science side and now the first one of its kind here in the US, maybe in the world, on the agri-food side, agri-food tech. And so we think it's a very, very good location. It's attracted a lot of brains from many places around the country, anchored by the three great universities, UNC, Duke and NC State. And it's been just a really, really good place to be. It used to be looked at as kind of a manufacturing or kind of a tertiary kind of location. I think today, it's moved up and become one of the hot and truly important places. And people like to live there, I think that's going to be important going into the future. Is it a good place to live? And if you compare walking around in the Triangle versus New York City, New York City is tough these days. You see what's going on in the subways. And hopefully, governance will get better, security will get better and improve and hopefully, COVID will recede. But walking around in the Triangle is like being in heaven. So I think that's why a lot of companies have been moving there and we've increased our footprint pretty dramatically. But Steve, you really started a lot of our efforts down there. So maybe a comment or two for you.
Joel Marcus: Well, no, I think it's been dramatic and not just in the biopharma industry and the medical technology industry. There was pretty dramatic tax reform in 2017 where multinationals previously charged with full US corporate tax rates and they kept much of the cash overseas, it's called the GILTI tax. They kind of opened that up, lowered that dramatically. And you saw a lot of companies, including a lot of big pharma and companies like Apple, Facebook, Google, others, Microsoft, other big techs bringing back large amounts of capital to invest in this country. So we had a couple of years of really positive repatriation not only of capital but reinvestment in the United States, which was really positive. I think COVID then shone a very bright, or shined a very bright light on the medical supply chains where, as I said, 70% of medical supply chain, many of it intermediates to create pharmaceutical products, et cetera, even just normal plastic gloves and all the stuff that we call PPE, 70% of that was sourced overseas, and we were seeing dramatic movement of that back to the United States. It's not just pills and stuff like that, it was very broad. And I think to reverse that or even to put out the word that you're going to start to shift that, I think, is one of the worst things you could do in the middle of a -- or midway in the pandemic. I'm not sure what inning we're in. We'd have to ask Fauci or some of those folks based on what they see. But I think it's fair to say I was in a Zoom call with a company just getting off the ground here in the United States. And the first thing they did was set up operations and IP in Ireland, which has a 12.5% tax rate where we're going to be going to, I don't know whether it will be 28% or something like that. China is at 25% and most of the world is sub-28%. There's only a handful that are above that. So that's not a good place to be if you want to create jobs and want to really jolt this economy forward, given the damage that we've suffered over the past year from the pandemic. So I don't know. I have pretty strong feelings. And I think many people who are in corporate America believe that there are better ways to do that than become anti competitive. And I think the administration's comments about, well, they're going to try to arrange a kind of a global tax kind of arrangement where everybody is charging the same rate, it's done through what's called the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a global minimum tax. Well, okay, that's a total joke. There's no one that's going to sign on to that. So yes, bad news.
Joel Marcus: So if by popular opinion, we'll bring Jenna back next quarter maybe, but we decided not to do that just because vaccines are kind of at the forefront, the country is making, I think, good progress. We'll see how that goes. But you are seeing India has hit an all time high. And if you look at pictures of what's going on there, it literally breaks your heart. We've got some severe outbreaks throughout the United States. Michigan, which has been one of the toughest shutdown states, so go figure that out, is having some tough time. So we're still, I don't know, we may be in the fifth inning, something like that. I don't want to be Dr. Fauci here, but we got a long way to go here and it's going to be with us. This just doesn't go away. It comes back in various forms. But I think when it comes to your question on therapies, I think if people rely on therapies like flu therapies or other kinds of therapies for COVID, I think that's a huge mistake. And we'll, next quarter, address that. I'll ask Jenna to specifically address it. But what I think is the challenge is if you get COVID, there is a cohort of patients. Right now, people, if you ask Scott Gottlieb and others, right now, it's maybe 10%, 15%, don't know if that number is too low or too high, but my guess is it could be right about right and could be higher, who are experiencing the long haul symptoms. If you ever look at some of the articles on COVID, COVID attacks almost every system in the body. And it's something that you would not want to get and just get over because you don't know what the long haul results are to the brain, to the immune system, to all the systems of the body. So I don't think the therapy is the answer. I think it's immunization and hopefully, herd immunity, although, there's a cohort of people here in the United States who simply won't take the vaccine, which there maybe medical reasons, there maybe religious reasons. But I think it is hard to understand the assumption of the risk for one's self and others if you don't have those issues, not to take the vaccine. So long winded answer. I hope that's helpful.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think it's incrementally. I was talking more macro because to bring back supply chains for intermediates for pharmaceutical products so we don't have to rely on India or China or Ireland or other places, that's critical. That's national security, it seems to me. And yes, there's been certainly impact to the demand, especially in the manufacturing, in the next gen manufacturing. I think people are not going to put cell therapy, gene therapy and a range of next gen manufacturing, which are so tied to R&D in the biopharma industry overseas unless tax rates absolutely force them to do that, which would be stupidest policy I ever heard. So yes, the impact has been clearly in a positive fashion and we hope that doesn't get reversed.
Joel Marcus: So it's still in the early feasibility stage. I think understanding homelessness, much like drug addiction, is hard. If you imagine the homeless population, it's highly stratified. There are those that are down on their luck, have financial issues. There's a large cohort that have serious addiction issues. There's a large cohort that have serious mental illness, et cetera. So it's not just saying, okay, let's just find housing. That's a solution that many jurisdictions are pursuing but it doesn't help. It's like detoxing somebody who's addicted to opioids and then putting them back on the street, that doesn't work more than 28 days. So we're trying to adopt this or adapt, I should say, not adopt, the [115] model, the continuum of care, the complete care, data driven but with deep research, and so we're in the feasibility stage. So I'm not sure I can give you yet. Maybe over the next quarter or so, I'll be able to give you more details. But we think it's an imperative that we attack this problem, and I think we may have a model that will help a lot of people here. But it's no easy thing. It isn't like putting up a few simple apartments. It's way, way more complicated than that.
Joel Marcus: I'd just say thank you, everybody, and please stay safe. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
Richard Anderson: Joel, you mentioned your frustration with the corporate tax sort of narrative going on and impact on repatriation. Were you seeing any tangible evidence of kind of the onshoring of the supply chain and impacts positively to your tenants that could actually reverse course if this were to happen? I'm wondering if it's more of a storyline as opposed to something concretely underway at this point.
Richard Anderson: So it sounds like it was having a tangible impact on your business, clearly, it was happening. But you were seeing…
Richard Anderson: Second question I have is absent from today's presentation was Jenna and which, no offense to her, kind of makes me feel like things are getting better because she wasn't giving her [up team]. But I do have a question for the team there and maybe she's around. The vaccine success is wonderful. You mentioned this is not -- there's more to come, treating it more like a flu. But I wonder if the shift will turn maybe more to therapies as opposed to vaccines in a sense that if we feel like we can be treated for it, and even if we -- if it is an annual event, we know there's a thorough flu out there to take care of it beyond remdesivir. I'm just wondering if you can comment on that at all.
