Joel Marcus: Thanks, Paul, and welcome, everybody. Consistent with Alexandria is building the future of life-changing innovation in medicine and at the Vanguard and the heart of the $5 trillion secularly growing industry, I want to wish everyone a safe and healthy 2024. On the cover of our press release and supplemental package, we've included the great Jim Collins quote about Alexandria, Alexandria has achieved the three outputs that define a great company: superior results, distinctive impact and lasting endurance. On superior results, we're very proud to say that we've had a very strong total shareholder return since IPO of over 1,500%, beating all of the benchmark REIT indices and also every -- almost every other health care REIT. On distinctive impact, Alexandria's tenants whom we have supported are responsible for an astounding 50% of the novel FDA approved therapies over the last decade, truly amazing. And our unique one of a kind full continuum of care 115 project in Dayton, Ohio has treated more than 7,000 patients afflicted by opioid addiction and other substance abuses and has made a dramatic positive impact on the lives of thousands of people, and we're very proud of that accomplishment. And then moving to lasting endurance want to congratulate the Alexandria family team on this significant 30-year anniversary milestone of our founding on January 5, 1994 and who would or could have imagined in 1994 that this fledgling garage startup would have created an entirely new class of real estate at the Vanguard and the heart of the life science industry, combating many of the illnesses, which afflict our family and friends. So moving on to my take on fourth quarter and year-end 2023, I'd say we have witnessed the unprecedented eight-year bull run of the life science capital markets 2014 through 2021, the longest on record, coupled with the rocket ship funding during COVID. And the market in 2023 has clearly reflected the rationalization of the past decade. With respect to Alexandria in 2023, I would say, I would characterize our 2023 overall operating and financial performance as highly resilient. Notable achievements include 11% plus NOI growth year-over-year, 2023 to 2022 in very, very strong. We delivered a record $265 million of incremental NOI in 2023 with our development capabilities moving that to fruition, which are first-in-class. We've continued very solid leasing in 2023 with over 4 million plus rentable square feet leased with very respectable GAAP and cash numbers. Two key leases in fourth quarter, which are noted in the supplement, the lease to Novo Nordisk and the lease to Cargo Therapeutics. 2023, we had a remarkable 76% of leasing with existing tenants, and we look forward to a strong 2024 leasing effort and expect a handful of significant leases to mature soon. We expect to make significant progress on our lease expirations and filling vacant space, while achieving positive rent growth. 2023 we did a highly confident job of self-funding our growth and will continue to do so in 2024. Our balance sheet and liquidity are in the best shape in the company's history, and we're very proud of that accomplishment. We have given and reconfirmed very solid detailed guidance for 2024, and we believe that the life science industry will continue to benefit most importantly, from some key macro tailwinds in 2024, including positive M&A activity, declining interest rates, increased innovation and some great key data readouts. And finally, before I turn it over to Peter to comment on a range of critical issues. I want to comment on the sale of our 42nd Street asset in New York City, leased to Pfizer through midyear 2024. They previously vacated and moved their headquarters to another site in New York City. We made a strategic decision not to go forward with the contemplated redevelopment of that building to in part to state and local to challenging state and local governmental policies. We also had a somewhat similar, but not on the scale reaction back a number of years ago and our successful reduction in our footprint in the city of San Francisco. We have created and grown the commercial life science lab space market in New York City. When we delivered our East Tower and our ACLS mega campus back in 2010, there were only essentially two companies of any significance that we're doing commercial life science research in New York City, many academics, but no -- virtually no commercial. Today, there are over 100 but New York City, the life science market there remains here 14 years later, still a small start-up market. And we believe that by focusing on our ACLS New York City mega campus. That's the best way for us to continue to be successful. And we have taken this disciplined action out of an abundance of prudence. And with that, let me turn the commentary over to Peter.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So, when Marc says next year, we're in 2024, but the next year from 2023, which we're reporting, just so we're clear.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we're -- I think as Marc and Peter have indicated, we're focused on really noncore, noncampus assets. So we feel pretty good about that.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I don't think we would want to talk about pipeline that I think is pretty confidential stuff, Vikram. But I think you can assume every lease is somewhat different, and every market is somewhat different. I mean, if you go back and look at the cargo therapeutic, that was a very unique lease in a very unique set of circumstances. So it isn't like -- this is not a commodity product. This is a generally a premium priced, noncommodity product. So, it's not like you have the same bunch of folks waiting for the same amount of space in the same, kind of, market type place. It's just not that kind of a business.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And remember, they're a big cap company. So like big pharma, they have, kind of, dedicated legions of people doing things in traditional office, if you will, so it's not a typical case.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think the key is -- and it's a good question, it's one of those situations where you're trying to find the right key to fit the right lock. You know, an exact amount of space that comes vacant that one would not have wanted to be vacant due to Atreca and finding the exact user of that space with literally very little downtime. And as I think Marc said, we had no TIs. So you don't want to just let that kind of a tenant go into the market and choose from some assorted number of spaces that might be available now or in the future. And so you try to make the deal because it's the perfect lock fitting -- the perfect key fitting the right lock. And so that's kind of the story.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Hey, Jim, the way to think about that is every case is different. If it's a smaller company with a specific product, it's sometimes just bolted on and the space isn't necessarily utilized and maybe subleased or terminated. But oftentimes, you find a strategic acquisition, and they could be on the larger medium or even smaller side, where companies, I can think of the Bristol-Myers, Juno in Seattle back a number of years ago, where BMS wanted really to get into the cell therapy issue and that led not only to the acquisition but a fairly big expansion. So if they're buying, if it's a strategic technology platform with multiple product shots on goal, usually, those end up with very, very good expansion results. If it's a smaller bolt-on, sometimes those don't. But everyone is honestly different.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think the other way to think about that is the just-in-time inventory issue is really focused on, primarily biotech companies clinical stage that hit a milestone, and they need to move pretty rapidly the scale because of that milestone, which also yields funding, and that's where you get probably the most kick on the just-in-time space.
Joel Marcus: But the fact that we've reiterated guidance here, I think Jamie should give you comfort that we think we can hit those numbers pretty comfortably. Otherwise, we wouldn't stick with it.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, again, if you go back to Hallie's comments and think about the different sectors, each sector is kind of driven by different issues when it comes to, say, big pharma or big cap bio, those are dependent upon their needs and not on the vicissitudes of the capital markets today or whatever. But then you contrast those to clinical stage biotech who are waiting to hit a clinical milestone or not, than those -- that's where -- and Peter has reemphasized this a number of times, boards want to be really careful not to get ahead of their skis. So it really depends on the sector that you're looking at. It's not a one-size shoe fits all, if you will.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So maybe let's do this since we're doing fourth quarter and year-end 2023, let us and Peter Macken [ph] noted this, will specifically address that on our first quarter call, if you don't mind.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And again, I think you have to distinguish different sectors have different tolerances for investing in space and they can be pretty dramatically different. And as Peter said, the structural inflation that we have brought on ourselves over the last number of years as a country and really as a world is pretty much here to stay. So -- and that's true across all real estate classes.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we'd rather not get into that issue and just let it be at this moment. I don't think we want to discuss that on an earnings call. Sorry.
Joel Marcus: Thank you, everybody, and I look forward to our call for first quarter and again, safe and healthy new year.
Marc Binda: Yes, sure. Hi Josh. So, we do have about 300,000 square feet of leases that we've already signed that have not commenced that will commence next year. So we have a good head start headed into 2024. I think to put things into perspective, we've got about $3.4 million of lease rules next year. But after you back out the space that we've anticipated, we'll go dark into redevelopment or development that only leaves you with about 1 1.8 million square feet that's not resolved. So, I think that number feels pretty manageable relative to our historical run rate on leasing.
Marc Binda: Yeah. Sure. Hi, Rich. Yeah, so under the accounting rules, these -- you can -- the common way where you could have an impairment is at the point where you designate an asset as held for sale. So as we get closer to potentially committing to certain sales, it's definitely possible that we could have additional impairments. But it's really hard to say at this point as we're still refining our approach and which assets to sell. So hard to say at this point.
Marc Binda: Yes. Hi, Rich. So we did -- yes, we had $114 million of free rent that will be burning off. I guess just to put that into perspective, we delivered $265 million of NOI this year, that's annual NOI. And a lot of those leases are very long-term in nature. So it's not a direct correlation one for one, but if you just do the simple math there, it's less than less than half a year on what is generally on average, those types of leases are 10 years and longer. So I don't think it's something that we're super concerned with. But to be fair, free rent has trickled up a little bit as we've seen. 
Marc Binda: I mean we published our free rent statistics, Rich. And I think it was about months 3 – 0.3 months per year of rent at the end of last year. And I think we're at 0.6, so it's ticked up a little bit this year, but still relatively modest compared to the length of leases. 
Marc Binda: Yes. So we gave the leased/negotiating stats. I think it was about half of that 64% was leased and the other half was negotiation. And that stuff is expected to benefit the last half of the year. We do need to continue to make progress on that. But then we do have a significant amount of free rent that's contractual that has already been leased. It will also contribute to the numbers in the back half of the year.
Marc Binda: Yeah, sure. I think last quarter we -- or at least as of Investor Day, we did have the 219 East 42nd Street asset in there as something that we thought that we would redevelop or develop turned out that we've decided to sell that asset. Aside from that, it's been pretty consistent from the last quarter. I think a lot of those redevelopment assets are in great locations in places that we'd like to be. But certainly, as we go through our process to look at non-core assets. It's always possible that we find things in there that could potentially be sold.
Marc Binda: Yeah. We did have some impairments during the quarter here, Jamie. But I think when we look back over three years, we've averaged like $96 million over the last three years per year. And so over a longer period, when we look back, the impairments have been pretty modest relative to the size of those gains. So I think we're thinking about the things that Hallie mentioned upfront, just with some renewed excitement around M&A that we feel pretty comfortable with that number headed into next year.
Marc Binda: Yes. Hard to say where values go. Yes. No, I think we're talking about the values today. I think if you look on balance sheet, we've got something like north of $300 million of unrealized gains that we could tap. And part of it too, to be fair, a lot of it is outside of our control, whether it's an M&A event or an acquisition by big pharma or so forth. So some of it, it's hard to predict because these things kind of happen when they happen.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I'll take it, Josh. Hard to predict. But certainly, the effects of 2023 supply has been seen net effective rents. We've seen TIs increase remarkably, we've talked about that before. TIs aren't going to go any further up, because they're already pretty high. I'd say, there's some pricing power to the tenant if they've got a very large requirement. But outside of that, I think things have been holding relatively well.
Peter Moglia: This is Peter. Just to be clear, Biogen is rationalizing their pure office space, nothing to do with their lab space.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Hi, Rich. It's Peter. The great financial crisis, it was more like one. So we're -- it's still pretty healthy considering the market dynamics. 
Peter Moglia: Yes. I mean that speculating on what the Cambridge asset would be on a stabilized basis, I'd just kind of point to where we've seen stabilized things in Boston trade ourselves in the low to mid-5s. With the Necco transaction we had a couple of quarters ago, Boston Properties last quarter did something in the high 5s, but it's about two or three years from cash flowing. So I pointed to, in my commentary, a 5.3% cap rate in Torrey Pines for a building that's fully leased long-term to a credit tenant but that tenant has decided not to move in. So I've said it before, we speculate that good, well-located assets with good credit and good lease term are going to be in the low 5s, the sub-5 cap rates are no longer with us due to rates. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Decision-making has been slow. And I mean, I guess what I've talked about is that and tenants not wanting to invest in space. So the preference has been to go into available build space, things that are vacant or rolling or subleased rather than plan ahead and move in 12 months later into a development project. A lot of that has to do with a lot of the requirements over the past year and a half have been small, versus a larger requirement that you might not be easy to find and you need to put into a newer building. But that I don't think anybody is waiting to the last minute. It's really a function of the size of the company. If you're under 15,000 square feet or even under 20,000 square feet, you probably have options. If you're above that, you definitely need to plan ahead, because there's a lot less inventory in those sizes.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I mean, the increase in the large increase in tenant improvement concessions has really been almost exclusively in new development space where you would traditionally give somebody $200 a foot plus or minus, depending on the market. With their rental rate and then expect them to invest into the rest of the space that, as we've talked about, has gone to $300 a square foot. If you look at the operating portfolio, and you pointed out that the numbers prove this, that concession isn't needed, because that is already built out. And one of the beautiful things about our business is how the tenants or how the TIs are recyclable. So we build something out first generation. It's very rare that we have to put a material amount of money into it the next time around. And given that it's probably got a large investment from a tenant, the first-generation tenant. We don't have to bump the rents much to make up for that additional investment, right, because we didn't make it. So it becomes a very valuable thing to a tenant to be able to move into something that's already built out. And so they aren't seeking the type of concessions that they are for new space. Now, it ties to what I said before, if you're in the -- a smaller set of space needs 25,000 square feet or less, you might have some options to find. But once you get above that, it becomes tougher to find existing space. So you might end up going more towards new development where you would see the concessions of higher TIs, but you're also paying higher rents.
