Dean Shigenaga: Well that’s actually pretty easy that’s because the effort to, if you – well actually maybe the easiest thing to do is, refer you to our proxy. We spent good deal of time in the proxy outlining the process that we undertook to what kind of look at kind of the ISS issues and that took the study of two independent comp groups plus the board plus the comp committee plus myself on the Joel side. And then on the expansion side, we’re always looking at opportunities in the market and we’re actually pretty somewhat busier than we thought in a number of markets with the activities we had. So those are things that just evolve overtime as you know Ross.
Dean Shigenaga: And Ross, it’s Dean here, to close out your last question on that change in the square footage in Asia under construction, had to do with the completion of some preconstruction activity on a land parcel, so it dropped off capitalization and is sitting at an idle land today.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, it’s Dean here, no. The capital investment has not changed and our return expectations have not either.
Dean Shigenaga: I think the only one that has some incremental NOI potential for delivery is really the 400 Tech Square project in Cambridge where we’ve got a few discussions with prospects that could deliver in the fourth quarter. And that’s not a meaningful component of our NOI ramp up. It probably represents maybe 300,000 of potential NOI from that project in the fourth quarter of ‘12.
Dean Shigenaga: Generally ‘13 and ‘14 debt maturities on the secured side only have the standard prepayment window of roughly 90 days.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think most companies typically saw is their ATM programs roughly not that every company does the same. But roughly at 10% of their equity market cap just to limit the size of the program. For a company like Alexandria, you probably see no reasons for it be much outside of the 250 to 350 range in size. And it’s not intended to replace a traditional follow on offering but in smaller needs for equity capital you can raise in a much more cost effective manner is we’re all aware of over time.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I’d say over the next 12 months. It’s fair to say that without any significant news in a big way on the asset disposition front, we would likely use an ATM to raise some equity capital.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think beyond the few that are under contract which gets us to 42% of the way, the $65 million you’re referring to is the remaining of the $112 million. I would say that we have some early discussions on a couple of assets that could close over the next two, three, four quarters that could aggregate a little north of $100 million. I’m cautious about banking on that number because those discussions are still early and there is not contract in place. We continue to evaluate a number of assets for potential disposition. I think our product type is a little different than the traditional assets that go to the market. We are very careful about which assets we sell and the buyers that ultimately we want to sell these assets to. So it sometimes takes a little more time to execute.
Dean Shigenaga: Give me one second. It shows up…John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Sorry if I missed it in the supplemental.
Dean Shigenaga: To keep up with the supplement disclosure demands at the street in which we’ve expanded our accounting group in measurably.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: It’s definitely appreciated.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think they vary by individual projects. Some at the upper range actually are north of 10 and some at the lower range or like in the mid-single digits.
Joel Marcus: I don’t know that they’re left out but they’re not all that material to the other projects that are much bigger.
Joel Marcus: Well as you know we have two projects that we’re working on China small one in the south and the little bit larger one but by and large they’re not super material projects in China and we continued to enhance the buildings and working on leasing in those markets and we’ll report over time on that our success although China we said, publicly is a tough market for a lot of reasons. In India, our footprint is larger. We think it’s a big future market but as we’ve said both at Investor Day where you attended and then certainly on the fourth quarter call that we had cut our capital allocations to India based on just overall spend this year by of about 50% but we’re primarily working with credit tenants who are at the top of our credit tenant roster to fulfill their needs over there. So we’re pleased about that as well.
Joel Marcus: And over time when that operation becomes more material, we’ll probably even tour people out there, so if you want to fly to India over the coming year too we’ll take you there.
Joel Marcus: Our model for India is not to do spec of element by and large, our model in China was to see if we could build in China. We know we can do a great job. But as I said, I think many times our challenge in China is when we bring one of our pharma tenant over there, they end up with 30 bids from local economic development groups, economic zone cities, provinces that creates a real distraction. So we’ve kind of figured out how to overcome that but we’re not sure we want to commit more capital with the Chinese market certainly in the short-term.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think Tony what really and Steve and I were talking about this earlier, what really has fundamentally changed the Bay Area at least the mid and inflow which would be South San Francisco market is really the acquisition by Roche of Genentech the full acquisition that power house of spin-outs, spin-offs expansion just has changed fundamentally because Roche being a big pharma just operates very differently even far differently than Novartis which is another Swiss company. And I think until things settle down with that, I don’t think at least in the South San Francisco sub-Mission Bay aside, I don’t think you’ll see dramatic increases there, I think Palo Alto remains very strong there is virtually no space available down there. And then Mid-peninsula is not so much a huge lab market other than the Cluster at San Francisco, and I think East Bay is the same thing.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, well we, I think we’ve commented before and I’ll let Steve expand. We clearly have looked at and had a lot of interest from Tech users if not like in Cambridge, its not our primary focus, but if somebody is willing to pay us a significant amount of money and it makes sense on that opportunistic situation. We would look at it much like we did Google’s First Campus I’d mentioned, but Steve can give you a sense of how Tech is viewed at.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think primarily development we’ve thought about it for existing assets, but that’s an almost like creating a preferred equity structure. So I’m not sure that’s what we wanted. We’ve spent time thinking about that, but I think on the development side if we’re fortune that in the land some significant developments that are out there, we might look much like we did on the Longwood project at a creative structure.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I’ll let Steve comment again on the ground, but from a pharmaceutical perspective and a biotech perspective, we would expect given the nature of Onyx their platform and their operation that they would leave that fully intact and operate out of South San Francisco. It certainly wouldn’t change Bayer’s research presence in Mission Bay release separate and apart from that. I think for us it would be credit enhancement and frankly it might be interesting from the standpoint that they would use that to further expand in the South San Francisco area as well so that could be very good, but Steve can comment on the ground.
Joel Marcus: Yeah I think you have to be careful too not to generalize every big pharma really stands on it’s own and Bayer is one that would be looking for a bigger footprint where others who hardly have a very large footprint might want – might not have the same view of maintaining as bigger base or expansion, each one really is kind of considered separate and apart.
Joel Marcus: All right. On the projects in Asia, Michael, that are under construction there is no income associated with those projects. There is a small amount of completed space in India that’s probably generating…
Joel Marcus: On an annual basis. And I suspect over the next four quarters, we’ll be able to complete some of the build-to-suite projects build-to-suite released credit projects and you’ll start to see some additional information on projects in India.
Joel Marcus: Yeah that’s correct Michael. It’s a small piece of real estate that’s operating in rental properties today.
Joel Marcus: A little bit and it shows up in our AFFO reconciliation and it’s about just shy of 500,000 for the quarter.
Joel Marcus: I think in some markets you find somebody who has got chronic vacancy that’s willing to make such a sweetheart deal that doesn’t make necessarily market sense or when you talk to brokers or you go out they set a, I mean this happened at San Diego up on Torrey Pines, a landlord leased a building that had chronic issues for $1.50, this is about two years ago, when the lowest price ever leased in for similar quality properties where at least $1 higher than that. So we see some of that around and until that chronic vacancy is absorbed ultimately that does tend to not allow rents to lift as much as possible. We see a little bit of that in South San Francisco a little bit of in Cambridge, a little bit of in few markets in Seattle so that’s something that’s out there.
Joel Marcus: Guidance, there is no incremental redevelopments like I think of beyond what’s on our schedule that could come into guidance.
Joel Marcus: Hang on. I’m turning to go to the page. Okay, so the $934 million of book value is really two buckets, $550 million of land undergoing preconstruction activities and $387 million of land held for future development which is not under capitalization and that detail actually for both buckets shows up on the last page of our supplemental, a couple of pages beyond the table you were just referring to. And it provides the break out land undergoing preconstruction activities which is part of our CIP category and under capitalization, the bulk of that is are development site in Cambridge, 1.6 million square feet. 250,000 square feet roughly in San Diego and then the second tower in New York City is the third component. Land for future development is really spread across multiple markets, a little bit in Boston, a little bit up in Mission Bay about 1 million square feet in San Francisco, 1 million is Suburban Washington D.C. and 1 million in Seattle, other markets about 1 million and internationally about 6 million square feet of potential development product.
Joel Marcus: But I think two points, George. One would be, I think you’ll definitely see more activity on the sale side both at the asset level and we would have to be careful what we say here for disclosure purposes both on the land and even some, as I said, buildings both non-core and suburban. And then on the ATM, I would say the way to think about that is, we will over time probably put an ATM in place. We probably will think of it is a very modest program. And I think we think of it is, our goal is to try to keep guidance where it is for the year while maintaining our credit metrics where they should be. So we’re obviously focused on minimization of dilution very laser like, so that’s kind of how to think about that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, let me take a first crack and then I’ll ask Steve to comment Phillip. I think Steve really put his finger on one of the, I consider to be principal future growth engines of this industry. You’ve got pharmas kind of reinvention of itself as one and we’ve seen a big movement out of there unacquainted and isolated facilities into the hubs and that’s been well documented. We’ve seen a lot of product and service companies, the aluminous of the world and others who are out there pretty aggressively marketing new generation products. We’ve seen the institutional side obviously grow to some extent, but I think that in the biotech industry if you look that separate and apart from pharma, this so called second cohort that Steve referred to, really is the generation of companies that have been around some 10, 15, 20, even some I can think of more than that heavily based in the Cambridge Boston area and in the San Francisco Bay area although there are some in other markets. And what they’re doing is they’re creating kind of many Amgen’s, if you will, smaller more nimble fully integrated companies that will that have done research they’re now moving from R to D and now B to C and they’ll have strike forces of sales operations, they have more targeted products. Ultimately they maybe picked up one by one or from time to time by big pharma, but these are companies that really have and we’ll maintain fully integrated operations in more likely the Cluster markets and Onyx is a good example. There are several now that have significant requirements that have come to market in the Boston Cambridge area and I think that’s gives you a sense of who these companies are. Steve, you can talk further about what you see in the Bay area there.
Joel Marcus: Yeah I think many of these companies and I can think of a half a dozen right now Cambridge based and San Francisco based that are looking to have small fully integrated campuses that could run from 0.25 million square feet to potentially 1 million square feet, hard to piecemeal those together, the new generation of leaders who want to be as close to each other as possible, meaning, different functions of the company. And I think if you look at what’s available trying to piece together in a hodgepodge way multiple buildings in a particular market probably not ideal, I mean know a number of these management teams for more than a decade or so. And I think many of them will be forced to go to development.
Joel Marcus: I think there is no doubt that as Steve described the – currently mark deals on the market that range from 1 million to 1.5 million square feet development will be one of the primary vehicles, yes absolutely.
Joel Marcus: And more to come, as I describe, John, there are at least four markets we’re looking at and pretty actively engaged in this process of identifying assets per sale I think I mentioned Seattle, San Francisco, Maryland and Massachusetts.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, Seattle, San Francisco, San Diego, Massachusetts, New York.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, that’s a good question. And I think Michael was asking about that as well and maybe Ross as well. I guess there are two thoughts. One is my desire and our desire as a company but I personally have had a vision for Asia as a pretty big market over time. But clearly post-Lehman and post the financial, I guess the deep recession we’ve had here, obviously we’ve had to rethink the pace and the scale at which we could really build out in India in particular. And so we’ve done that and then even more recently when we looked at I mean 2010 was a pretty strong year up until the U.S. I think got downgraded kind of late July, early August when we were about to go to the bond market. We remember those dates well. Clearly, we refocused our capital allocation pretty substantially and cut our spend in India by about 50%. We think India is a big market. There are a lot of different aspects with the life science industry that can go on there. There is not only pure health care life science; there is industrial biotech which is big there. Companies like DuPont and others that use a similar platform. But I think – and ultimately the goal was to try to get to critical mass to take an entity public on the Singapore Exchange that would be publicly traded and self-finance that operation in which Alexandria would have up on that share and hopefully a liquidity event and value. But I think our pace have seen that come to fruition, post-Lehman and then just post given where the world is today that period is just elongated unfortunately and we’re just doing what we do in a much more measured and careful pace as opposed to one that would be more optimistic. I mean that you listen to Mort Zuckerman on Boston Properties call and he has got a pretty stem view of the world economic situation. I think that’s how most people think today. It’s – things are pretty good in the U.S. but they could get a lot better hopefully and the rest of the world is challenged.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Yeah and that’s exactly what I was getting at. So the Singapore listing would still be the long-term game plan but the timeline has changed.
Joel Marcus: Absolutely. We thought we could probably do it by 2014 now it’s clearly a couple of years later but that is our goal because we think that’s the most effective and efficient way and also represents the best liquidity path for our investment. And we’ve got – we hope to do a tour there. I would say over the next 12 to 24 months and we welcome, I think you’ll be blown away by the quality of what we’ve done and the quality of our team, but clearly the pace of what we can do and how we can at just capital allocation wise and certainly now that we’re in an investment grade company just have to be much more measured.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Understood. Well I look forward to the property tour.
Joel Marcus: Okay. Well thank you. We’re 67 minutes in call, so I appreciate your attention. We’ll see you at May REIT and then we’ll be reporting I think towards the end of July. Thanks everybody.  
Steve Richardson: Yeah, hi Tony, it’s Steve. In Mission Bay again we’ve got the only lab facility there. So I think consistently as we’ve said in the past, we pro forma the project at rents that we’ve already completed at 1500 Owens, at 455 Mission Bay. So I think we’ll certainly do that or better. And then moving to the South San Francisco, we are seeing some incremental improvement. I would say it’s modest at this point though, there are still are a couple of sublease opportunities that need to be burned off. But I think we’re finally turning the corner over the next – it’ll be a few quarter, it’s not going to be the next couple of weeks. But we will see some uplift in rental rates there towards the end of year and in the beginning of next year.
Steve Richardson: Yeah we have had serious discussions with the couple of Tech groups, Tony, and the way we are warming up the building, we’re able to accommodate that use and not over invest in the building. So I think we’re providing flexibility from that perspective and to the extent a floor or two out of the six-story building ends up becoming a Tech use and then further downstream becomes a life science use. We’ve seen that happen occasionally in the portfolio. But it’s not necessarily that top priority at all for us.
Steve Richardson: I think you would have a mix of existing facilities and build-to-suite opportunities. And there is a 15% vacancy rate, but as far as large blocks of space that provide flexible expansion opportunities, you really don’t have too many of those at all.
Steve Richardson: Yeah I think that’s exactly right. We have a long-term lease commitment from Onyx. They worked very hard on the design to build out a fully integrated operation. And the trend in the Clusters over the past couple of years has been for pharma to keep the operations intact and grow the operation. So I would be hopeful we’d see the same thing here.
Steve Richardson: I was actually meeting with the CEO of one of these companies yesterday and he was very enthusiastic about having four products in the clinic, $0.5 billion in cash in the bank and the ability to really build out to the next phase. So I think it’s a combination of the large blocks of space they’ll be requiring that credit foundation that they have now and the potential for, in this industry, some very significant meaningful growth. So that’s what we’re excited about in our core clusters with the availability we have of different build-to-suite opportunities in particular to offer to these types of companies.
