Joel Marcus: Yeah. So Manny, welcome. This is Joel. And so, I alluded to that in my comments that there is in fact, truly across the U.S. for many industries kind of a war for talent. And this is true in the life science industry. So far, we haven't seen any egregious shortages. But what I did say is that if somebody is going to not only create a company, but try to scale a company, you've got to be in the critical key existing clusters. You can't wander off and try to scale a company in Chicago or Denver or someplace like that in a way that you could otherwise do say in Boston or San Francisco. It just doesn't work that way. The pool of talent doesn't exist if you look at R&D, commercial, clinical, et cetera. So, at the moment, the existing clusters things seem okay. But there clearly is a war for talent.
Joel Marcus: I think that trend has been going on for quite a while. There is a whole lot of innovation that have made things that are repetitive, and by nature lend themselves to a more automated approach. But, science is in fact executed by people with pretty sophisticated backgrounds, and so forth. And so the need, not only can't you do science at home, but you can't do science purely robotically. You've got to make a lot of judgments and a lot of insights. And I don't know, Jenna, you've worked at the bench. So maybe you can comment directly.
Joel Marcus: No, I mean, I think that's something we would never even think about or have a mindset about. I think the relationship we have, I mean, Rob, was a practicing cardiologist, he worked at Duke for many years. So he has a wide network across the United States. And I think how we look at him is, he's served in the position before he's well liked. He's a very smart guy, he’s a very compassionate.  And I think that nomination -- or if the nomination happens, he seems to be at the top of the administration's list, I think, would be very good for the industry as a whole, not singling us out in any way, shape, or form. Because he's been there, he's been at the FDA, he knows how to get things done, and I think that's the big benefit for the industry as a whole.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So maybe, Steve, do you want to comment on that, because I think there's some pretty good observations there.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I want to be real careful there because we have transactions underway. So maybe I would say defer that to the next quarter, where we could come in on the full year. I think the mantra that we have is where we have assets that are -- where we've really maximized value for Alexandria in a sense are ones that we certainly think about and look at. But it's a sophisticated set of issues and thoughts that we go through, but I think I don't want to come in given just pending transactions.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And you guys, either Steve or Peter, you can comment on the leasing that was done there from when we started early in the year till now, and how we've been able to really bring our client base to that project.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And I think if you overlay that, Jamie, with what Peter said, about construction issues, it makes it all the more unbelievable that people could maybe broadcast something when in fact, they couldn't accomplish it. So I think that's the reality as well.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And I mean, the other thing, Jamie is, that's more than two years out, so we don't know what the macro environment will be or the micro demand environment as well. So, hard to predict.
Joel Marcus: I think, every -- yeah, that's just not me. I think we're speaking about everybody that days, the old days of bipartisanship are kind of gone. And everybody seems to want to railroad their ideas. I mean, I spoke about the infrastructure package, which is being held up kind of as ransom for this much broader cradle to grave social entitlement thing. And if infrastructure is so important, why isn't it just done, because that is bipartisan. But I've said, I think it's a 20th century infrastructure package, not a 21st century infrastructure package. And if we don't watch out China's going to eat our lunch here over the next decade or two.
Joel Marcus: Well, I mean, I think the way – I think the folks that are in there, nobody knows who they are that are pushing this 3.5 trillion, but now slimmed down, because of likely Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema to some number that still seems outrageous. It's like going into a store, buying things and then figuring out Gee, I don't have a credit card, I don't have a check, I can't cover this. What am I going to do to pay for this? That's what it seems to me, that's a good analogy. And the items are pretty crazy, too. Certainly, we can do much better in a bipartisan fashion, not just crazy stuff.
Joel Marcus: Well, I mean, I think early on they're going after all kinds of sources, without any regard to policy. This is maybe the point here, Jamie. It's not a policy decision. It's, oh, where can we try to get $1 trillion or $2 trillion or $3 trillion or $4 trillion or $5 trillion from a bunch of sources without thinking about tax policy or health care policy. It's all about -- let's just steal somewhere and put it somewhere so we can get the goodies we want. That's not how to run a government.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, so we don't want to give anybody else a roadmap. But I'd say there are unique opportunities we're looking at. And we think given our position in that market and our knowledge of that market, much like three to five, which we were able to substantially up zone, we had actually underwrote that site for something like 200,000 or 250,000 feet, and we're able to do much better. I would say, just wait and see. But there are things that we are doing and we will be doing that are pretty amazing. So, let me leave it at that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So Peter, you've got a whole lot of recent experience on the integration of the R&D with the manufacturing. So maybe just kind of a quick overview of how to kind of think about that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, so I'll let Dean comment. But I would say keep in mind, the key driver here is immediate demand by our tenants and a path for future growth. So we're trying to kind of juggle both requirements. So Dean, you could comment.
Joel Marcus: So Steve, maybe give a top side view of that. I want to be careful. We don't benchmark each and every market,
Dean Shigenaga: Hey, Rich, it’s Dean here. I would say there's one overlay to your question, Rich, I think what you're highlighting is the newer assets may have a little longer time before it starts to generate some requirements for capital. But our portfolio has a range of assets generally, much on the newer side. But if you look back over an extended period of time, our CapEx, I'll call it the bad bucket of CapEx, anything except for redevelopment and development CapEx has ranged anywhere from 10% to 13%, maybe just a tad beyond that in a given year. So, I don't think it has generally moved in any one particular direction in the last five or eight years. It's been relatively consistent in that direction, Rich.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I mean, the reality is there's always some risk, but I think we've moved the transactions along in a good fashion and have expressed expectations from both sides really, to bring closure to these transactions this year. So we feel comfortable, Rich, but we need to get them done as you point out.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, Michael, I think what you're trying to understand a little bit is as we look at the full year ‘22 versus something going into ‘23. And I think you'll see us quarter-to-quarter extend that horizon a little bit. It's nothing to do with timing of transactions slipping. You can actually see a number of changes, if you were in supplemental, a supplemental where we had a number of projects across the spectrum from near-term, intermediate to future, get accelerated forward in the timeline. And as we highlighted in our commentary, all of this has been driven by as Joel mentioned, as well, demand for the space and an acceleration of our timing outlook as a result of the requirements that we're dealing with, with our tenant base and other relationships as well.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, exactly. And as I mentioned in my commentary, almost all the activity you're seeing has some level of leasing on it. So we're sitting in a pretty nice spot right now.
Steve Richardson: Sure. Yeah, Tony, Steve, here. Look, this is across the entire portfolio. So this, number one is very broad based. I think that's important to emphasize here. And, as we've been seeing, when you see these leasing statistics, and the acquisition work we're doing, it's responding to the industry. So, with that, we'll see what's to come in the future. But, we do have a lot of confidence based upon our network of what the future holds. And, that relates to the mark to market as well, and the potential for further increases.
Steve Richardson: Sure, Jamie, Steve here. I think, as we toured through the markets and you drill down on a parcel by parcel or building by building basis, as I did comment, there are a number of single buildings that may be either redeveloped potentially from office to lab, or being advertised for that, or you may see a project or two that has some horizontal work going on, and people are talking about vertical for lab. That timeframe is here and now. So you actually have to see that activity to have a true delivery in ‘22 or ‘23. A lot of what is being talked about, still needs to be entitled, still needs to be permitted, still needs to actually have the horizontal work done before someone's going to make the decision to go vertical, and potentially go vertical without an anchor tenant. So I think it's just important to really bracket the timeframes here. And we just saw that time and time again, and each of these sub-markets really on a specific building and parcel by parcel basis.
Steve Richardson: We’re tracking each and every one of the markets very closely, Jamie. Certainly, San Diego, San Francisco and Cambridge, tracking those closely, Seattle, Maryland and Research Triangle as well. I don't know that there's any one market right now that is most concerning. Over the others, we're just monitoring it very closely broad based.
Peter Moglia: I mean, I guess I’d broadly say that a couple years ago, there were markets like Research Triangle or Maryland, where people thought you're in the 6.5 to 7.5 range. And I would say today, I would doubt that there'd be any asset we would sell on our balance sheet in any market that wouldn't have a cap rate with a handle greater than a 5. So that way, we're going to -- you're going to see sub 4 cap rates, you're going to see nothing really go below -- I mean, until interest rates go up and then all real estate kind of gets hurt by that. I don't think you're going to see anything above a 5 something cap rate, at least in life science for the near future.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, Sheila, we actually underwrote a lower amount of -- more conservative amount FDR [ph] that we get on that additional side. So we're quite pleased with the outcome. And we are already set to design a project on that site. It's underway. The leasing that was done at the current development on the site there has been terrific, as you can see we're in the in the 90% leased and negotiating, and we're just wrapping up any leases that we haven't ramped up so far over the next quarter. So, the Fenway market is exceeding our expectations. The outcome of the entitlements was tremendous and we'll be capitalizing on that in the near future.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, I'll start with and then Steve, you can add anything. But, one of the things when we bought that asset, the one that was under developed was 17% leased at the time. And within, I think a quarter, I was looking at the statistics of when we were preparing their supplemental, and I called up our team and I said, guys, like you're making incredible progress here, what is going on. And what they told us was, what they've been -- what they were told by the market was essentially, this is a great project. And the developer was a very, very good developer, but not allowed developer and that the market was waiting to see who was going to acquire it. And once they saw it was us, then people were ready to commit to it. So we went again, from 17% to in the 19%, at least in negotiating in I think within two quarters. And it was all because, our brand was put on the building, and people could trust that we would do an excellent job of not only finishing the development, but operating it down the road.
Peter Moglia: It’s Peter. I just would add that, we really didn't see anything that was going to reach the scale that we can provide our tenancy, as Steve mentioned. Lots of projects named, but they're essentially one-off. And, as we've discovered over the past few years, as we've assembled our mega campuses, there's just a lot of power and attraction that tenants have to that aggregation. And what we see in the markets when we were touring on our decent sites, but nothing that would compete with us on that scale. So anyway.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, Tom, what you were alluding to more small molecule as -- the issue there's more just onshoring the materials that go into that, and hopefully, eventually manufacturing things there. But that's really not the opportunity we've been touting. The opportunity we've been touting is the next generation manufacturing of cell and gene therapy type, or even DNA and RNA type of drugs like Moderna manufacturers. Those drugs need to be near the research. They're living and breathing biologics that will take constant tweaking until they can be gotten right. And so, the tenants tend to need those facilities within even probably preferably 10, 20, 30 minute drive versus across the country, or in an area where maybe there's cheap labor. So that's the opportunity for us and we've taken advantage of it in acquiring some properties that will do well for manufacturing. There's certain attributes to a building that makes it better for manufacturing. But we've been also very careful in setting ourselves and putting ourselves in a good position to do that, by ensuring that where we're buying this real estate and real estate that we're buying would also work well for R&D. And so it's easy to do, because, as I said, the tenants will want these facilities to be very close to where they're doing the R&D now. And so, down the line, if we have a building or 20 in a market that is being used for manufacturing, and then they become available, they could also easily convert to R&D down the road. Hopefully, that answers your question.
