Joel S. Marcus: Let me make a few more comments and I'll turn it over to the operator to go to Q&A. So, on November 29 at Investor Day, I told analysts we would be announcing new officer roles during the first quarter of 2018. I am sometimes told that area of the deep bench. In reality, we have no bench. Every single member of our executive team, all nine of us, are first team 24/7 players. And since we are in the Super Bowl week, an analogy might be fitting. The New England Patriots are the best franchise in football over the last decade, and even longer. Their system is the best and has now the talented individuals into a real powerhouse team where the franchise, the team and the individuals are all about greatness of the organization. With respect to Alexandria, and as Jim Collins, renowned author and business strategist, was quoted on the cover of our annual report, Alexandria has achieved the three outputs that define a great company, superior results, distinctive impact, lasting endurance. Our executive management team will stay on the field of play and all of us will remain starters 24/7. We'll change positions in the second quarter, but all the players will remain starters and will continue to execute our five-year strategic growth plan with operational excellence in our system that is in idea meritocracy and a cornerstone is respect for each and every member of our 300-person strong first team. We'll continue to build the future of life-changing innovation through our four pillars, and let me end with before I go to Q&A with a quote I actually sent to our team about a year ago. If you develop a pure and sincere motivation and if you are motivated by a wish to help on the basis of kindness, compassion and respect, then you can carry any kind of work in any field and function more effectively, written by the Dalai Lama himself. So, with that, we'll go to Q&A.
Joel S. Marcus: Sure. So, first things first, on Juno, as you know we built their corporate headquarters. They will be acquired by Celgene. Celgene actually already has an important presence in Seattle. This is really a pretty critical bolt-on to the business of Celgene. They already had a big investment in Juno, so they weren't strangers al all. I think Celgene had invested over $1 billion in the company previously. And so this really opens up Celgene, which has a magnificent cancer franchise, to the area of immuno-oncology which is in a sense one of the pieces of the future of human healthcare. So, they will continue to maintain the Juno presence, probably strengthen it, and I think you'll see that franchise continue to grow pretty rapidly. On the other side of the fence, I'll have Tom speak to, we had a company that spun out of Biogen, Bioverativ, which is a tenant of ours being acquired here over the last announcement over the last couple of weeks. And so, Tom, maybe speak to that.
Joel S. Marcus: So we don't see any negative implications. Historically, M&A has really had really two flavors if you go back over the last decade or so. Where you see a strategic acquisition of a real franchise and a talent pool, the acquiring company tends to use that as a base, and most of those times those companies remain in the hubs of where they are located because the bigger company wants access to talent, hiring and retention. There are occasions where companies are bought really for a product opportunity or a unique one-off technology, and sometimes those are folded in, but I think historically we haven't had any significant negative implications on rentals from M&A.
Joel S. Marcus: So, we won't disclose what security it is, but it is a publicly traded company, and as Dean said, the rule is writing down, taking an impairment when you've got a duration of decline in value of about 12 months or so. We know the company very intimately, we know the founders, we know the pipeline, and I think we have I would say a super high level of confidence that the write-down will be recovered and probably more than that. That's all I really want to say at this point.
Joel S. Marcus: We announced that we have essentially collaborated with one other large venture operation together with several strategic pharma partners and will look to make strategic seed stage investments. There is no limit. It really is a balance sheet limit. Each of the other companies are probably 5 or 10-plus-times our size. So, there is no limit. So we'll do what we think is useful and appropriate and strategic case-by-case.
Joel S. Marcus: Obviously reduced. I mean, if you take the past week [indiscernible] had a big pop and it was indicated that their internal plan provided for a 20% tax rate, and it turned out, they after-tax reform, it looked like it was going to be closer to 9%. So, the stock took a big jump. I mean that's on a simple immediate impact. Another one is, the industry probably has somewhere between $100 billion and $200 billion of cash overseas, and as that is repatriated, and interestingly enough, Celgene only had about $9 billion overseas. Amgen and Gilead have the most. You could imagine more M&A or big strategic relationships that would kind of fuel additional investment into R&D.
Joel S. Marcus: So, on Investor Day, Sheila, I think we took a kind of a trip through each of the regions and gave a vision of if we were able to build out what we own, which really are pretty prime location parcels that we could in fact come close to doubling the revenues of the Company, and that's kind of the broad game-plan of the Company. It's not a guidance number at the moment but it is a path to get there and we feel pretty comfortable with that. And I think we mentioned that San Francisco had the biggest growth trajectory based on what we own. So, that is just what we own on balance sheet today, nothing else.
Joel S. Marcus: I think the answer is, Silicon Valley is now moving to Texas or Nevada or Florida, and the state does, speaking about California, it does have I think need to get some of its financial act together but I think there are some people who have achieved fortunes who are moving to non-tax states. But the average person that's working and living, I think being in those markets and in those environments, I know when it was 2 degrees in New York, I think it was 89 here in Los Angeles, it's hard to imagine there would be huge numbers flocking to a lot of those states. So, the honest truth is, I think people in very high tax brackets are very sensitive to that, but the average person or the professional person who make up the bulk of employees that work with our tenants aren't doing that. I do think though that places like Seattle and certainly Austin do represent very nice opportunities for the future. Certainly Austin may be a cluster over the next decade, partially because Texas is a low tax state and partially that got a very positive business climate. Our original founding investor, Jacobs Engineering, actually amazingly we had throw-away space and we started this company in their basement, they just moved recently to Texas to take advantage of a no-tax environment, because they just did not want to pay the high taxes. But that's headquarters, their operations are worldwide, and so the bulk of their people stayed where they are.
Joel S. Marcus: We are not involved in that, but I would say, if I had to guess, I guess two places, one would be just outside D.C. which is rumoured to be a logical place because of the desire to maybe be more active in policy, or Texas which is a thriving no-tax state. So, I don't know, I don't have any inside information. I have talked to a number of groups in both the South and the Midwest and a number of people have actually frankly said, we're kind of bidding on it or trying to qualify, but the reality is we hope we don't get it because if it comes to our neighborhood, it's going to change our culture dramatically, which I thought was pretty fascinating from the Midwest and the South. So, that's all I know, which isn't much.
Joel S. Marcus: I think I mean, if you go back a year in time when we bought One Kendall Square, you could never imagine that it would come to market. I mean, a lot of these things, as Peter just said, are serendipitous. They come when a particular seller or money partner decides to part with an asset, they believe it is a good time and we try to respond. We look at everything and we certainly don't go after everything, but we try to be very disciplined in how we think about what we want to do and how we want to do it.
Joel S. Marcus: And I would say on acquisitions, we are not interested in paying somebody else for their value, Peter always says. We'd like to help create the value. So, that kind of guides our acquisition philosophy.
Joel S. Marcus: [Red] [ph] RFP is pretty unusual because they don't want real estate developers bidding on it. They actually want users to come in and try to occupy spaces and then bring development expertise with them. So, I won't comment beyond that but that's the nature of the RFP.
Joel S. Marcus: Thank you very much everybody. Have a rest of a good day and we'll talk to you on first quarter. Thank you again.
Thomas J. Andrews: Sure. So, Bioverativ spun out of Biogen I think about two or three years ago, and we put them in above 120,000 square feet of space in Waltham, Massachusetts just outside of Boston, and we anticipate based on what we know about the acquisition that Bioverativ will remain in place there as a Sanofi unit in that location. It happens there's a couple of Sanofi buildings immediately adjacent to the building that we own that Bioverativ is in.
Thomas J. Andrews: Yes, we signed three leases with tenants at 399 Binney. They are all well-capitalized venture-financed companies with strong pedigree and management teams. I believe they were all minimum 8 year to 10 year leases and the rents were right in line with our expectations for the property. The remainder of the space that we have to lease a little bit more challenging in terms of window line but we have some interesting activity and we'll see if we can get that leased up. The building is just coming out of the ground fast now and we'll be ready to deliver those almost three leases late this year.
Thomas J. Andrews: So, very high 70s to low 80s per square foot for [indiscernible] in good locations, good buildings, low 80s per square foot.
Thomas J. Andrews: I think the rent there turned out to be pretty strong, not too much below Kendall Square level rents, maybe 5% to 10% below. And the balance of that building is available for lease. We're not certain if the developers are offering the balance of the building as potential lab space. I think they are in the middle of making that decision as the building is early in construction. But as Joel mentioned, the Philips lease is office space and a building that had been programmed for both lab and office.
Peter M. Moglia: It's Peter Moglia. Just one anecdote would be Eli Lilly and Company. They entered San Diego, I can't remember the name of the company they had bought, but at the time they went into one of our buildings and they were in about 20,000 square feet. And they eventually grew to where they are today in San Diego at 300,000-plus square feet. So, those are stories that we've seen before. We've also seen ImClone come into or be purchased by Eli Lilly in New York and more than double their anticipated size once they stabilize their occupancy at Alexandria Center for Life Science. So, there's a few other examples but probably we have to take those off-line.
Peter M. Moglia: It's Peter Moglia. For what we have got in the pipeline, I would say it's definitely weighted to the development/redevelopment side but probably more balanced than we've been historically the last few years, where there are some stabilized opportunities that we are trying to get into. There is a number of people out there that want to joint venture with us that have good projects that we can get into and that would deliver fairly quickly but would be at yields that are typical of our own development. So, those are the types of things we're seeing right now.
Peter M. Moglia: This is Peter again. So, on the redevelopment and development things that we are buying, I mean they are not necessarily exclusively laboratory. I mean they could be office product as well. So, we do see a lot more competition when we're looking at those types of opportunities. Obviously in the lab realm like Summers Ridge that we're doing in San Diego, there was competition there as well because it was a stabilized property and there is obviously more comfort for a lot of parts that would like to get into lab space to get into something that is cash line for a long period of time.
Peter M. Moglia: Obviously our cost of capital has allowed us the flexibility to go after things that may have had whole periods that were longer than we are comfortable with before because we have got the lower costs enable to carry things longer. But overall, I don't really think things have really changed much. I mean we just have happened to get serendipity with a number of things that have fit our profile that have come along in the markets that we want to invest in. So, I don't know if it's really changed. It's just been by chance.
Peter M. Moglia: This is Peter again. For stabilized assets, if we were going to pay a low cap rate for something, it would definitely have to be just in a Class AAA location and preferably have some mark-to-market opportunities in the future. But overall we tend to buy things that could have very little cash flow upfront but we can get to a 6%, 7%, 8% through leasing or mark-to-market opportunities within two to three years.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Nick, it's Dean Shigenaga here. I'd say we probably commented historically that GAAP typically has averaged about 2% and cash has averaged about 5% over the last decade. So you've always had a differential in the performance, and I think our same property results are unique in the sense that occupancy never really has a meaningful impact. Specifically to 2018, when we have guided to a midpoint of 10% cash same-property NOI growth, you do have the benefit as we've talked on, on previous calls, the burn off of some rent concessions from the recently delivered developments. It's important also to remember though, if we back those out, you still end up at a very strong cash same-property NOI run rate of roughly 5%. I think going forward Alexandria along with a number of other REITs will continue to look at how to improve the same-property disclosures to facilitate a better understanding, but you still have really strong core growth after you back out the free rent concessions.
Dean A. Shigenaga: It's Dean here. I think in 2018, maybe one way of thinking of it is, you look back to 2017, I think you would have found that we pretty much brought in our equity almost evenly through the year except the fourth quarter had tad a bit more, and that was primarily driven by uses through the year. We had a higher construction amount in the fourth quarter of 2017. We also had a handful of acquisitions that settled down in that period as well. So I think when you take all that into consideration, roughly speaking the equity in 2017 was kind of taken down evenly, and that included occasional uses of the ATM program through the year to round out our overall capital needs. I would add, in 2018, consistent with what we did in 2017, you will see us search for opportunities to continue to dispose off what I would call some non-core assets, and as we make our way through the first couple of quarters of the year, we hope to give you some additional color around dispositions.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Sure. I'll briefly cover it again, Rich. Bottom line, our 10 year average has been 5%. If you were to back out recently delivered development/redevelopment projects that have free rent burning off, you'd get into that 5% to 6% range. If you recall, I think at Investor Day I highlighted that our average occupancy through the year, it might move around quarter to quarter, but when you compare 2018 quarter to quarter versus 2017, we're going to pick up about 1% benefit to the same property results in 2018. So, you still have very strong core, what I'll call core same property performance, and you really boost that to the 10% range in our guidance through free rent burn-off.
Dean A. Shigenaga: I'd say, importantly we ended up ahead of our expectations. It's funny that we do pick up on the fact that it's 5.5 and it could have been 5.6 and that would have been outstanding as well. I would say, generally speaking, we've been moving leverage in the direction that it's headed and when you round out at a 10th of a turn better, it's just the way the things land.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yes, and I think importantly, our objective going forward, Rich, is to continue to improve that. We got rid of the upper end of the range that was up to maybe 5.8 at Investor Day because it just didn't make any sense. We are not moving leverage up. It's only going down slightly from this point and that's why we cited, from this point forward it will be below 5.5.
Dean A. Shigenaga: So, Dave, it's Dean here. Let me just answer the high level question about expectations for 2018 acquisitions. There is still a pretty significant value-add focus on that pipeline. As a result, day one returns or yields are roughly slightly positive to bottom line FFO, and then at a stabilized basis upon completion of development or redevelopment activities you are going to hit right down the middle of our fairway long term, it's still about 7% on average cash yields.
Stephen A. Richardson: We are really pleased there. That lease actually doesn't roll until the latter part of this year, September of 2018. And because we've been 100% leased for almost two or three years now, we have pent-up demand in the existing portfolio. So without really any marketing campaign, we do have competition for this space. We're advancing the lease document with one tenant and we are essentially oversubscribed for the balance of the space there. So, very healthy dynamic continues. More broadly tracking, 2.5 million square feet, demand slightly up, this time last year was about 2.4 million square feet. So, just very pleased with the progress of 681 Gateway.
Stephen A. Richardson: It's Steve Richardson. No, we are not experiencing that at all. Conversely, just in the last 60 days, we've had three Bay Area IPOs raising over $500 million, Denali, Menlo Therapeutics and ARMO. So, we are seeing first-hand continued thriving market. I think it was very upbeat JP Morgan conference that was held in San Francisco at the beginning of January. And again, we are 100% leased and working to solve a high-class problem to continue to provide Class A facilities for our client tenants.
Stephen A. Richardson: It's Steve. The horizontal construction – this is the GSW/Uber/Alexandria joint venture. We are a 10% partner there. What really needed to be completed was the horizontal construction or enable the vertical construction to start for the office tower. So, there was just a little bit of movement there over a couple of week period of time. But all is on track. You can see both the arena and the building starting to take shape on the site. So it's pretty exciting for Mission Bay.
