Joel Marcus: Thanks, Rhonda, and welcome everybody to the third quarter call. With me today are Dean, Steve, Peter, Tom and Dan. So we've got a full house here. We are pleased to report the third quarter FFO of $1.21 a share and an increase in our narrowed guidance of $4.79 to $4.81, FFO up over 14% from third quarter of '13 I think characterized by strong demand as well as strength in our core operations. And I think the key to the success this year has clearly been our platform which is our Class A facilities located in our collaborative science and technology campuses and the best urban innovation clusters we've certainly benefited significantly from that. I think if you think about Alexandria at this point in time, maybe 10 kind of key strengths come to mind. First of all very strong core operations across all key metrics as set forth on Page 1 of the press release and accelerating FFO growth into 2015. Two, we've got 2.3 million square feet in current value creation development or redevelopment projects, 85% leased or in negotiations, Page 29 of the sup, I think this is a great testament to the teams in each of our markets, plus an additional approximately 1.8 million square feet in near term value creation development projects, virtually all of which are under active negotiations, again Page 29 of the sup. I think what's also important to note is the average initial cash stabilized yield generated from about 6.4 to 8.3 in value creation substantially exceed our implied cap rate base cost to capital, resulting in strong profit margins over the coming several years. You can take a look at Pages 30 and 34 for those updates. ARE clearly owns the best science and tech campuses in our urban innovation clusters of any REIT or private investor today. A very well run asset base at the asset management level. Five, very few challenged assets. Six, I think a deep long tenured and highly talented team which are fully integrated -- members of fully integrated teams in all of the key innovation clusters. As Dean has pointed out, the [indiscernible] a high level of liquidity, almost 2 billion, it is a strong balance sheet able to support strong value creation pipeline for the future. Nine, a low dividend payout ratio and increasing dividend, sharing growth in cash flows with our shareholders. And I think 10, continued sales of non-income producing assets as well as non-core assets while maintain accelerating growth into 2015. Just a few macro comments. There certainly is a strong trend toward the urbanization of the innovation economy and workforce and again we have been fortunate to take a significant advantage of that. I think also on our tenant base we see the strong confluence of structural factors with also positive cyclical factors which don't necessarily line up in time, but we are seeing that now really in the best of times for our tenant base. On the operations and internal growth side of things, we continue to beat our occupancy and rental rate increased estimates. And leasing in the key regions helped drive internal growth this quarter at about $871,000 square feet, Greater Boston contributed 35% and San Francisco 32%. On external growth, Steve will comment on the acquisition. The Mission Bay parcels in connection with the Uber joint venture, development of 422,000 square feet in the heart of Mission Bay. It's a superbly executed transaction to continue to drive our growth in San Francisco. ARE's goal is to maintain strategic optionality regarding its growth strategy. This is really kind of our mantra. And as such, due to the extraordinarily strong build-to-suite leasing demand for Binney Street development parcels and a corresponding reduction in the lease-up risk, we’ve updated our strategy which we announced in the fourth quarter of '13 which was to sell a minority JV interest in the Binney land parcels and we will now seek to keep on balance sheet assuming their term leasing and all. So again, that’s just an update on the strategic optionality approach. If we aren’t successful in leasing, we wouldn't move forward with the joint venture. Clearly a key to this move on the assumption side of things is our desire to capture the extraordinary economics and the extraordinary demand for these three buildings versus an ability to move out our leveraged target somewhat. But Dean will deal with how we plan to address that through free cash flow, the growth in EBITDA, land sales, some asset recycling, et cetera. And we’re very comfortable I think with our current plan regarding our overall leverage. Dean will talk about the balance sheet and I would conclude by saying on December 3rd at Investor Day we’ll lay out the 2015 business plan which will confirm accelerating FFO growth into 2015 as well as what we expect to be a strong increase in our NAV into 2015. So let me turn it over to Peter Moglia for some comments.
Joel Marcus: When we announced the intent to go down the JV path last year fourth quarter, we had no tenants in hand for 50, 60 or 100. We thought it would be prudent to make a sale of less than a half interest in that set of parcels. It certainly would help us in a variety of ways and we didn't know how long the leasing would take on that. And we did one-on-ones with more than I think 15 high quality joint venture partners. I don’t think there was a single one of which said we’re not interest. We ended up boiling that down to a handful and then ultimately one and reached the term sheet in the – or at least a general term sheet in June. But during the summer months when the kind Tsunami of demand reared its head and that's what Life Science and tech in Cambridge, it was pretty clear to us that if we could -- again the tradeoff being if we could take advantage of this very unusual and extraordinary demand in the market versus the desire to joint venture, we would do that. But we clearly want to maintain flexibility. And if the lead joint venture partner were we to go back to them many time decided not to, we know there is a handful of other high quality partners who would covet being our partner with this land. This has got to be ground zero land in the best certainly life science market and one of the best sub markets in the entire country, if not world and so we are not too worried about that. So I am sorry if I didn't, what other part of that question didn't I cover. 
Joel Marcus: I think if they turned out that we are not able to sign substantially all of the demand that we are getting at the moment, we certainly would look to go back to a joint venture. And, as I said I think, there are numerous partners that would be willing to go forward with us. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well since we have Tom here, I will let him comment but the suffice it to say we have letter of intent that we are working on and coming very close to an agreement on which would then move to a lease pretty quickly on 50. We are trying to tee up the parameters of the economics on 60 and we are deep into LOI negotiations on a 100, but Tom do you want to maybe characterize it even more globally than that. 
Joel Marcus: Yes, at the moment all of these are life science companies but there is a significant demand from tech and there is one large tech RFP that's out there that we will clearly respond to as well. We are looking at multiple back up offers as well. So it’s not just one shot on goal here, so we feel pretty comfortable with that. 
Joel Marcus: So I think we in some cases here we are looking at tenants who are more office and lab use within some of these buildings you recall when we did 225 Binney we had a life sciences tenant that took office use in that building. So he cautioned that the lower in total I would say the range could be up to as much as the 75/125 Binney that's kind of a higher cost project in terms of the a model lab space in that in that tenant requirement and it could range down somewhat from, but it wouldn't be too far off the total that 75/125 [indiscernible].
Joel Marcus: I think Sheila with that though different than happened in the past; I think you can still expect that we would have an increase in FFO per share during this time period. So that’s something we’re keeping firmly in mind as well.
Joel Marcus: So there was and RFI which was due in early October, we know there were significant number of respondents to that RFI were told that the federal GSA is working on an RFP, we’ve had some folks tell us I think it might be out as early as sometime in Q1 of next year. We would imagine there would be probably a multi-month response timeframe for that. And that many development companies and operators would likely pursue that property which under proposed disowning in Cambridge accommodates if my recollection is correct over 2.5 million square feet of commercial space, over 1.5 million square feet of proposed residential zoning. So Alexandria certainly is following this closely, we made a response to the RFI. We expect that once we see the RFP then we’ll work carefully to evaluate how we ought to pursue what will be a very interesting opportunity.
Joel Marcus: Yes I can tell you that similar to the press report that we were joint venturing with somebody for an apartment building in Boulder, Colorado you can't always believe everything you read but I think it's fair to say that we don't comment on speculation and when we're prepared to announce if that happen to be an acquisition or whatever it is we'll announce it when the time is appropriate so I'd have nothing more to say.
Joel Marcus: Yes let me say this and then I'll ask Tom to come in. When we go back to 4Q of '13 when we announced kind of on our strategic optionality, strategy if you will that we were assuming, we were going to joint venture and we put into play a pretty intense process to accomplish that I'd say the level of demand and forward movement of that demand in Cambridge probably didn't come to a head until the summer. And so maybe that's the really operative time then I’ll let Tom kind of characterize it.
Joel Marcus: And I would say that in all three circumstances the lead party in all three of these cases we've had our prior relationships with so these are not parties that we have that we have not had a prior relationship with in other words we don't know each other so that's also I think a very helpful factor.
Joel Marcus: Yes, well that's certainly a relevant question and certainly one part of an argument that one could conceive of. In reality though Ross, we have enough confidence in the demand going forward here for a while, I think Peter articulated we also feel that we're in a pretty decent environment on the recycling of both land and some assets that I think we can look forward to I don't know how long that will last but I feel good about at least as we look at a few quarters. Our leverage, let’s face it, we’re operating in a better leverage level than we ever had before and better than a number of other companies that are really in great shape and have strong stock prices. And we just had meetings with the rating agencies in July. So we feel comfortable with where we've come over the last couple of years we've made dramatic improvements on virtually every single credit metric one could look at. And I think we feel good about where we are. And I think we'd like to protect our growth and earnings by minimizing the equity issuances and looking at those assets that we could sell. So I think that's our current game plan at the moment but I mean the situation you passed is related certainly one that reasonable people could look at but I think we're going to try to repeat what we did this year and in '14 and try to do it in a way that I think makes the most sense all around and minimize this dilution. But again, if there was a big change in the equity markets then we'll deal with that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah the two big ones that I will let Steve deal with that but the two that strike me we have one full building user in a suburb in Route 128 that is moving out and that’s a building that we are looking to release or potentially market. And then another one that rolls a full building user, government user in North Carolina and we have already got good re-leasing prospects on that. Those are the two standout full building users but as Steve said we've got unresolved paired down to three quarters of a million feet in ’15 which we think is really at this point in time pretty great. 
Joel Marcus: Thank you everybody. We did a well under an hour and that is great. So we will see many of you at Marriott and look forward to Investor Day or year-end call. Thank you again. 
Peter Moglia: Sure. Thanks, Joel. So we had one notable Life Science trade to report in the third quarter which occurred in the Route 128 quarter at the Greater Boston region where GI Partners a private equity investor based in San Francisco purchased 850 Winter Street from Marcus Partners for a 6.3% cap rate. The price per square foot for this suburban asset was $404. The other notable trade involving Boston was BXP's sale of a 45% interest in two Boston and one New York City office buildings to Norges for what ISI calculated to be a 3.8% cap rate. This rate was noted by Green Street when they increase their NAV to $91.75 per share on October 1st. The Bay area continued to be extremely hot in the third quarter with 989 Market, 650 California, 50 BL and 60 Spear Street trading separately at a weighted average cap rate of 4.08% and a healthy $621 per square foot. In Seattle, 500 BL Avenue in South Lake Union traded at a 5.71% cap rate. The property is anchored by tech startups space provider WeWork. The buyer was Trinity Capital led by former speaker executive Richard Leider. A number of Seattle Office assets have hit the market this quarter and pricing guidance has been in the low to mid 5s as owners like Wolk Insurance, Brookfield look to capitalize on a diverse pool of buyers in the market including foreign funds German and Hong Kong based. Domestic funds such as Invesco, private equity investor GI Partners and a number of other public and private REITs. A number of these investors were bidders in life science asset 401 Terry purchased by Kilroy in March, which had a weak tenant credit anchor. The trend of cap rate compression is continued through the third quarter due in part of low interest rates, a lack of alternative investments and a deep pool of investors including foreign funds. It appears that the inventor market is only getting tighter as an analysis of comps that my core market shows the weighted average cap rate drop from 5.58% in 2013 to 4.8% through the third quarter of 2014 driven largely by a 100 basis point plus tightening in the San Francisco Bay area. As a follow up to questions we’ve received about who is bidding on life science real-estate assets, we can give you some names of those who have been actively bidding on them in the greater Boston market. They include the related companies, Deutsche Bank Asset & Wealth Management, which is formerly RREEF; Korean fund Mirae Asset Management, JP organ, private investor the Rockefeller Group; Swiss fund, AFIAA; Clarion Partners; private REIT KBS, prudential and principal. To wrap up my comments, I want to acknowledge that with the end of [indiscernible] there’s a lot of conversation about if, when and by how much interest rates will rise and the effects they will have on cap rates. Analysis of data from the first quarter of 1989 to the first quarter of '13 by Robert Charles Lesser & Company determined that the average spread between cap rates and the 10-year treasury yield is between 250 and 300 basis points. According to real capital analytics, the current spread for office product is between 400 and 450 basis points. So we believe there is room for cap rates to absorb increases in interest rates and remain at current levels. In addition, rising interest rates should reflect improving economy and real estate fundamentals, which should dampen a rise in cap rates driven by a rise in interest rates. With that, I’ll pass it over to Steve.
Peter Moglia: I think that if we weren't successful in 100% leasing these projects like we expect to do, then a joint venture partner’s hurdle rates will make more sense for the risk profile that we would be bringing back to them. I mean right now, with the type of returns that they are looking for and we are providing very little risk, it is not a big match. So I think we'd be returning an opportunity that is more to a JV. 
Peter Moglia: This is Peter, I mean from a yield on cost standpoint that’s not -- it wouldn’t dilute what we’re going to achieve, it’s just going to -- the amount of investment we have would be obviously diluted by the amount of partner capital we bring in. We would be in a position to earn a promote, so it’s possible that we could actually leverage that partners investment and increase our own return. But what it does as it gives up upside to the future because we take that capital.
Peter Moglia: Well the reason that we might employ other people’s capital is an alternative to raising equity through common stock sales. So it’s just an -- the opportunity cost for doing that is up side in our own developments.
Dean Shigenaga: Well as we've said earlier, it certainly doesn't for this year. And based on I think our comments to date and we will certainly give you a full detailed business plan update on December 3rd. Our goal would be to try to eliminate or minimize any common equity for next year based on the factors we talk about. Land sales and recycling of assets together with clearly cash flow and growth in EBITDA. So that we hope to kind of do what we did this year if possible.
Dean Shigenaga: We are working through number of assets that will identify here over the coming months. So it's a bit fluid on the dispositions but our bogie at least for solving for our capital needs for '15 will be to execute a number of transactions that fit the capital plan in our business. Really, that will allow us to reinvest the capital into these really high value development projects. But I would say we would likely continue with this broad strategy i.e. invest cash flows that we retain from operations, use EBITDA growth to debt fund without impacting leverage and then continue to identify asset selectively for a recycling and reinvestment in to the business and like we mapped out, there is not a whole lot of land left but we’ll do some lands, but there will be some non-core assets and we will identify some that are more core like which should represent some high value opportunities to monetizing and reinvest. 
Dean Shigenaga: Jamie, Dean Shigenaga here. Other income was $2.3 million. Actually I call it a little tad light from our run rate rather than higher, it was just higher from the second quarter. Second quarter was down less than 500,000. So that was an usually low quarter due to very small amount of investment gains in the quarter. So I would suggest from onward purpose as you should expect about a $3 million run rate for quarter. 
Dean Shigenaga: Well that’s kind of a mix, but if you want to go back, Jaime its Dean here again. If you want to go back to my prepared comments. I didn’t give specific guidance for ’15 but I did comment that cash rents on lease renewals and releasing a space should be meaningfully stronger than our performance in ’14 and we will layout the plan on Investor Day for you in more detail. 
Tom Andrews: Yes, that's accurate Joe. I think the, we have some companies, some of the demand is pure growth from existing Cambridge based tenants including the couple of life science companies, there is one which is a consolidation of an existing Cambridge tenants have leases in multiple locations in the city and wants to be under one roof. There is another one that's to me and from an out of market life science Company. So, we have a number of ongoing discussions and we are quite confident that we will be able to lock down one or more of these probably soon for summer and perhaps all of the spaces available which totals over 950,000 square feet. 
Tom Andrews: The movement is on that order. I would say that we’ve certainly seen in proposals that other landmarks have been sending out to tenants and our own proposals we’ve seen significant movement from earlier in the year on the magnitude of $10 a square foot or more.
Tom Andrews: Yes look I think it's really number of transactions that we would characterize it in the pipeline and a handful of them are getting to be very-very real in terms of the trading of proposals the frequency of discussions with brokers and with principles and these feel very much like they're moving toward completion and of course the answer, the truth is that they're not complete until they are complete and we don't have anything signed yet, but we're very positive negotiations ongoing and they feel it's been a compliment since specifically they feel like they're moving patients quite soon.
