Joel Marcus: No, I think if you go back to my prepared remarks I think what I said was, we would continue to be I think quote highly disciplined in all aspects of the development with respect to cost underwriting, timeline, leasing yields. And so I don’t think anything is changed, but it is frustrating in some cases where we are unable to handle requirements for especially tenants who have certain needs, but we are doing the best we can to overcome that. But I don’t think it will change our philosophy or the way we are doing things.
Joel Marcus: Yes, Manny. No, it’s a formal development management agreement and we're busy. The teams done a fantastic job and we certainly do have development management fees there, yes.
Joel Marcus: Yes, Sheila. The option parcel we are having in that discussions on that both with the city and with potential users, we do have demand internally. But that’s I would say an elongated process because of the nature of negotiating the nature of side due diligence and then ultimately constructing the tower. So we are looking forward to moving that forward. But I think over the shorter medium term we are certainly looking at opportunities in New York City to accommodate the tenant base there. So, I think overtime you will see us do some things in the city for sure other than the Alexandria center.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, I mentioned three that we’re pretty active in marketing and preconstruction which is 399 Binney, which assuming we turn the four otherwise into actual leases that 100 Binney that would leave virtually no space available there. So, the 399 Binney becomes important, we do have one-time in particular. But several tenants looking at summer all of that space. So, we’re certainly looking hard at that and working on everything we need to do go vertical on that one were ready. We did close and acquisition in Research Triangle Park and we’re redeveloping that as we speak and there is existing demand that we’re trying to need and then the 279 grand as we said, we have several users were negotiating with and we’re moving that forward in preconstruction and marketing before we go vertical. We’ll make decisions based on how we think the market is and where we think our leasing is.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think that the R&D side of the business is funding along. I think it is strong, it stayed strong year-to-year from both pharma and bio. The NIH as you know will have some addition 2 billion, the FDA has some incremental additional, they actually need probably more. But they've done a great job of approvals this year with 19 to date, which is almost a record. And I think we’ll just wait to see how the broader healthcare issues that’s out. It's kind of interesting because if you think about healthcare in general, the one thing that’s not talk about that could actually help saves significant cost is tort reform. And that adds gigantic amounts of cost to healthcare because as you know the medicines only are about 10% to 15% part of that budget whereas doctors, hospitals and all the other services and products really make up the bulk of the 85% to 90%. And if we were able to achieve tort reform that would be I think a huge, huge benefit to the healthcare system on a cost basis.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think the fact that we have a record number of highly leased pipeline deliveries, as Dean has updated every quarter up pretty robust schedule from deliveries Page 3 of the press release in sup obviously showed the first quarter at 0.3 million square feet. And second through the fourth quarter at well over million square feet, it's pretty clear that the current pretty intense development highly leased development were getting to the -- towards the end of those deliveries and over the next year or so and so we’re looking at opportunities to continue to expand to meet that need. And I think that’s what you see in the acquisitions both the expansion of our campus at One Kendall Square, as Steve has reported the SoMa acquisition, this joint venture that Dean and Steve have talked about with the Warriors and Uber, the greater Standford acquisition and a number of pieces of puzzles in San Diego and a redevelopment like Research Triangle Park. So, trying to be thoughtful, we certainly want to maintain a prudent amount of non-income producing assets on the balance sheet so that we maintain strong and flexible balance sheet. I think we’re at a great point as Dean shared with you. So, I think you'll continue to see us just try to be as I said a couple of times super discipline here.
Joel Marcus: I think it so much depends on I mean cycle back 2004, 2005 when we bought 3 million square feet from [Catullus], it's not like we wanted to buy it all it once, but it became available and it was take it all or nothing, I don’t think will have that situation again. But you never know, One Kendall Square, it's not land, but there was a land site there. We didn’t see it coming to market when we started 2016. So, you just never know when sellers may decide or owners may decide to achieve liquidity it's so hard to tell.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think both on the prepared remarks and the answer to previous question, I think we've said, we're pretty focused on maintaining the discipline and the underwriting that we’ve maintained whether it would be cost, underwriting tenants, inhering to timelines, leasing, yields et cetera, maintaining our balance sheet and as the shape it is today. So, I think it really as a one-by-one decision, and I think we will continue to vigilant disciplined and really careful. But I think the good news is, we're delivering a really a massive amount of highly leased development through this year with substantial NOI being said, approaching about a $100 million, so that makes a huge difference. So, I don’t think you'll see us do anything that we haven’t kind of you haven’t that we been doing over the last few years.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so Dave, following up on your question, one a way to think about -- another way to think about your question is, 213 Grand which we put into the development pipeline, we really haven’t plan to do it. But when Merck decided to open a West Coast research headquarters, it became pretty clear this was an ideal fit. And so that’s a good example of where we took a solid land site in a market that’s come back nicely to meet need of a long time tenant and relationship. And so at 399 Binney, which is the land parcel of One Kendall, we have quite a number of companies. In fact, I don’t want conversation with one CEO on Friday and Cambridge literally like begging us to have space they wanted the 100 Binney, but they can't. So, they are likely to go to 399 Binney. So, those are the kinds of things that would move us to go forward with vertical construction. Same thing at 279 East Grand, we've got a number of pretty hot users that are in deep discussions with us. And if one of those matures, we would likely push that forward, but again we are trying to be very careful about managing all aspects of meeting that demand, but against the back drop of maintaining our great balance sheet position as well.
Joel Marcus: I think the simplest way to think if it is long-term call it over a 10-year average. Our portfolio is generated about 5% cash same property net operating income growth and that’s not unusual based and what we’ve been doing lately. I think what may surprise most is that the gap 10-year average is closer to 2%. And I think there has more to do with the high and stable occupancy that we operate at slightly over 95% for 10 years. And that drives a very consistent same property pull and it leaves you with only leasing activity to mark-to-market. And the gap number, we do get significant growth, but you’re only drawing 10% of that at best in any given year into the portfolio. So, it’s -- the cash increases are contractual, and so you’ve got much stronger cash same property performance over the long haul. I think when you see occupancy declines or volatility, I should say in traditional sectors, you tend to see much stronger gap performance, because they’re losing tremendous gap NOI just from occupancy and then they read down on the upside when occupancy is growing. You can gain same property performance faster on occupancy than you can on annual steps.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think the budget cuts are not really specific to the NIH per se. They were proposed to try to achieve a line of side on the deficit that with probably tax reform in line. So, I don’t think most people are too worried about it. I think the members of the administration and certainly both parts of Congress, both the Democrats and the Republicans, I think for sure have bipartisan views of maintaining or increasing the NIH budget. I am not really particularly worried about that.
Joel Marcus: Tony, I would say that any additional density would obviously improve the yields, but the underwriting just as -- we based our decision to this transaction on what there is today. And as Dean alluded to, we are looking at our historic performance or to achieve our historic performance, which is around 7% yield based on whether today. If we’re able to get more entitlements in the future, which we are fairly confident we will. It will level that up a bit.
Joel Marcus: Yes. The costs per foot goes down more that we -- for the more square footage that we’re able to get, it will blend into a lower costs per foot.
Joel Marcus: That 35 million of our contribution at closing the joint venture is not just that you’re talking about significant side work of parking structure. So call it, it’s a land plus significant improvements and that skews the costs per square foot. I’d say all-in, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared commentary. All the projects that we actually have queued up under marketing and pretty construction right now generally average of about a 7% cash yield and so that’s where we’re expecting to be in all-in on all these new projects.
Joel Marcus: Yes, what we have left saw on that line time in our guidance, which is still able to equity and dispositions. It’s roughly 400 to solve 66 million, 67 million or so is from the sale with the condominium interest on the Longwood project. That lease is called at roughly 330 million to saw far beyond that and we’re working through that over the remainder of the year.
Joel Marcus: Yes, except the last couple of years had some large one-off quarters, if I recall correctly. So, I think if you have ignored some of the larger volume, there may have been one or two quarters that were a little larger over the last two years and you got it almost ignore those.
Joel Marcus: Thank you, operator, and thank you everybody for taking time to join us for the first quarter call. And we'll look forward to talking to you for the second quarter. Thank you.
Steve Richardson: Manny, hi, it's Steve Richardson. We are playing a very active role in the project management over side of the vertical construction of the two office facilities. Neither of the entities have development experience, so they are relying on us primarily to execute on that. We are thrilled to be right in the middle of that partnership; right in the heart of Mission Bay, we think it’s a fantastic attribute and amenity overall and kind of a unique one of the kind destination. So, we are very excited about it.
Steve Richardson: Jamie, hi, it’s Steve Richardson. Yes, I mean as we look at Mission Bay all the way down the Stanford, you’ve got the vacancy right probably in the 2% range. Demand is actually picked up year-over-year and we’re tracking 2.8 million square feet now versus 2.2 million square feet. And it is distributed Mission Bay, South San Francisco and a Greater Stanford Cluster. I think you did see in the discloser, the acquisition of property in that Greater Stanford Cluster. So, we’re working hard to make sure we’ve got adequate supply to meet the demand that is in the market today.
Steve Richardson: Dave, hi, it's Steve Richardson. When '18 is pretty well distributed we have only got four projects in excess of 50,000 square feet. The largest one is in South San Francisco, that market is rebounded nicely. We are actually engaging the tenant today in discussions and that’s later half '18. So '17 looks like it's in very good shape and as we start looking into '18 I think we are pleased with the ways those were distributed and probably a solid two thirds or more are in core clusters as well.
Steve Richardson: Rich, hi, it's Steve Richardson. Yes, we are under construction on that site, so the design is locked in. They are working on the interiors but from an exterior perspective fully improved fully entitled no changes to the exterior design and actually ground has been broken and under construction.
Steve Richardson: Hi, Tom. It’s Steve. Again, the markets are healthy across the Board from Mission Bay down to the Greater Stanford Cluster mostly seeing an uptake in activity. We’re tracking 2.8 million square feet of lab demand today. A year ago with that 2.2 million square feet and I think you reference, it was 2.4 million square feet a quarter two ago. And a number of those are large investment grade, high quality tenants out there in the market. Tech demand, we’re tracking again and uptake there as well 4.1 million square feet versus 3.7 million square feet from Q1 2016 at San Francisco alone. And maybe a little flatter down in the Peninsula, we’re not seeing Google and Apple in the market with quite the same large block apatite at least right at this very moment. But across the Board, it continues to be very, very healthy and in fact somewhat of an uptick from a few quarters ago.
Steve Richardson: Yes, it’s really a combination of things Tom and historically what we’ve seen are the large tech tenants in the Standford Research Park, the Mountain View, Shoreline Business Park and now the Menlo Park area really drive out the life science tenants from those markets. Standford themselves are currently underway building a million square foot campus in Redwood City. Facebook continues to expand in Menlo Park, placing a lot of pressure for tenants there. And then ultimately Google controls nearly all of the Shoreline Business Park in Mountain View. So, when you take a look at that the boundaries of the Greater Standford Cluster really being pushed further north and further south, and life science tenants that we continue to have discussions with do have a desire to be in that Greater Standford Cluster. So, we think that this is going to be a great opportunities. It is real served with the Caltrain Station within walking distance. We do have downtown San Carlos right there. So, we think it's actually a pretty unique location.
Steve Richardson: Yes, Tom, it's Steve again. Maybe overall at least for San Francisco, I'll let Dean comment as well and Peter. If you take the two examples in the supplemental, the Genentech renewal there, they were looking to lock down space. So, we have note down time, minimal TIs, really no concessions. And then the Vir technology space in Mission Bay was actually very competitively sort after space. So, it was the complete office, there were really no concessions, it was a very competitively built space.
Steve Richardson: Jed, it's Steve Richardson. On a mark-to-market basis as well as a rent growth basis, we're at about 22.9% on a mark-to-market basis in the exiting portfolio. And Mission Bay for example now with the most recent lease, we saw probably in the mid teens rent growth over the past year. So, continued pricing pressure, I think we've said early in the year that we expected that rate of growth to moderate, but ultimately there is still very healthy growth in upside there in the market.
Steve Richardson: This is Steve. I mean just to be clear that two examples I cited were actual deals in the market. They weren't mark-to-market adjustments. Sorry, if I confused that with the mark-to-market comment at the outside.
Steve Richardson: Yes, that was with our renewal on the one case and new rent on the other. So, it's one of each in that case.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Sheila. It’s Dean here. So, the forward is about 6.9 million shares, if I recall correctly 2.1 taking down and closing. So call it roughly third at closing. Two thirds on a forward basis and the concept there was really to match our funding needs, so we added a number of transactions that closed in the first quarter that was required for the immediate funding. Second quarter consisted of closing one of the acquisitions. The second partial installment on the Uber payment for unwinding the joint venture and then capital required for the retirement of our Series A preferred stock. So, when we recently put forward and place for our outlook was to bring some of it in quarter-to-quarter to match our funding needs.
Dean Shigenaga: I think the one other large number is probably Uber brand lease that I commented on last quarter. I believe that’s October and November, roughly $11 million of cash NOI that will commence at that point in time. I think the rest are just the number of projects. But as we go through, I think you will see the next color at 2Q and really 2Q being the biggest run off of free rent, the biggest step in cash rents. And then 3Q earns a little bit more of the bump but its relatively modest, I think it's really just important to say at the end of March 31 that was the free rent from the deliveries and again on April 1, 40 million of annual cash rents would commence. It commenced and all we ask is that everybody carefully look at their NAV model to be sure we’re not loosing valuation there because this is all real contractual and it has been delivered so.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, ratably over the three quarter so we took down the immediate close Q1 and then the plan is Q2 and Q3. As far as total shares outstanding I don’t have it in front of me but you can just roll that forward I think.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, it's somewhat contingent on construction milestones, if I had to guess over the next call it six to eight months. I wouldn’t suspect it will be spread over evenly over the timeframe, but it is contingent. So, if they don’t hit the milestones we set out in the payment plan. But if I had to guess Rich, I think it will be paid this year. But I think it works to advantage, if we don't pay them, if they end up deferred it's just hard a modeling perspective for you guys.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, responding to the CapEx disclosure specifically, I know one of the R&Ds talk about trends on incentive packages. But the CapEx alone I think the Novartis lease is a good example, not only did we have leasing commissions that drove a big step quarter-over-quarter, but I think they've been in the space well every sense we acquired the asset back in 2006. So, there was a little refreshing capital and the renewal in there. So, the comments we’re just focused on specifically more than anything else.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think the most two most recent renewals that we’ve had in new lease in our new lab corp went up significantly on their renewal that was probably a plus 20% increase. And similarly in our sounding locations, we're seeing pretty healthy increase of about mid teens percentage in cash yields.
Dean Shigenaga: Hey, Jed, it's Dean here. I think the numbers that we typically look at is the overall pipeline both active and future is actually about 11% of gross real estate as of march 31, by the end of this year it's expected to be just inside of 10% call it in that 10% range. So I think our pipeline is actually very modest for the size of our balance sheet and we are trying to be very disciplined in that area. So, it may move around from time-to-time, but it's more related to deliveries and construction of certain assets that grow that pipeline.
Dean Shigenaga: I think it’s fairly modest on front half of the year and it might be a little more normal on the back half of the year. But I think every year it’s averaged in aggregate at a fairly consistent level. The quarter-to-quarter, you may see some variations.
Peter Moglia: This is Peter Moglia, just to add on what Dan has said about free rent, that’s probably the biggest things that I've noticed. The lease underwrite about a month per year for a long-term lease deal in that turned into a half month. Otherwise, that’s everything else is pretty been stable.
Peter Moglia: And Jed, it's Peter Moglia. One thing I just wanted to note because we're doing a lot of land acquisitions right now, as that when we underwrite these acquisitions, we're using un-trended rents based on today, even though we have significant rent growth we're not counting on that to make our numbers in the future. And when than when we do trend rents we typically hold it at a CPI level, we don’t try to underwrite spike something like that. So, I just wanted everyone to be clear that when we're speculating on future returns, it's based on what we see in the market today.
Peter Moglia: Jed, it's Peter Moglia, it’s a 303 Binney Street. We are going through entitlements there. Obviously, we mentioned blocks some about that of course the Warriors project is already entitled at 916 Industrial Roads, we will be -- where we have commenced entitlement there. And then the Callan Road, Vista Wateridge acquisition in San Diego is undergoing entitlement and then the East Cornwallis Road in RTP is actually has existing entitlement. So, we don’t need to do anything there.
