Joel Marcus: Thanks very much, Paula, and welcome, everybody, to our Alexandria’s first quarter call. And with me today are actually much of our Executive Management team: including Steve Richardson, Peter Moglia, Dean Shigenaga, Tom Andrews, Jennifer Banks, Larry Diamond, Dan Ryan, and Vin Ciruzzi. Congratulations to the entire team on a really outstanding first quarter by all metrics and another quarter of truly operational excellence. In the November and December 2017 issue of the Harvard Business Review, they had an article entitled Turning Potential Into Success, and the article and the research on which it was based focused on companies that are overwhelmingly failing on one key metric of success, which is leadership development. In contrast, I’m proud to say, Alexandria is not failing on this key metric for success. In fact, our intense focus on nurturing key chain training and developing unit leaders at each and every level has paid exceptional dividends in fostering our culture of mutual respect, idea of meritocracy, long-tenured and high-performance teams, dear friendships, all within a high – highly focused mission-driven culture. In July 2016, we initiated world-class intense leadership and management training effort under the leadership of Jim Collins. A new succession planning strategy was also begun at all unit leader levels, as well at the executive management level. As you know, some of these efforts culminated in a series of press releases in March and April and there are some yet to come. The same starting team remains on the field, as I’ve said before, albeit at different position and not a single unit leader executive manager ever considered departing. When it came to the most senior executive leadership, the process was uniquely holistic and the outcome is evidence of the continuation of the Alexandria culture, vision and intended successful accomplishment of our five-year growth plan 2018 through 2022. Let me turn to our ecosystem for a moment or two. The five fundamental drivers impacting the life science demand, first one being basic research funding, the new Omnibus Spending Bill allocated an additional $3 billion to the NIH, up 9%. So for the fiscal year ending 2018, it’ll be about $37-plus billion. On the regulatory side of the FDA, they’re working very positively to expedite an increase drug approvals under the superb leadership of Scott Gottlieb and the Omnibus Spending Bill allocated almost a $0.5 billion, or up 10% in FDA funding. Medical research philanthropy sits at an all-time high north of $33 billion. Global commercial R&D funding sits at an all-time high approaching $200 billion. And on a very unique note, I’m proud to say the U.S. venture capital funding in life science for the first quarter hit $6.7 billion, the largest quarter on record for life science venture funding. And among the life science companies doing mega rounds, two were TCR2, which did a $125 million Series B and is in our 100 Binney project in Cambridge, next-gen immuno-oncology company and Rubio’s, a $100 million Series C, they are going to be at 399 Binney next-generation cell therapy. Also, San Francisco and Boston continue to garner the largest venture funding amounts, San Francisco at $1.7 billion and Boston at $1.6 billion. Venture funding is seeing a new wellspring in a diverse set of players that go well beyond the traditional venture firms, including public crossover investors, Asian venture fund, sovereign wealth funds and ultra high net worth family offices. Worldwide prescription drug therapy market is growing at about 6.5% compounded annually and will reach $1.06 trillion by the last year of our five-year growth and operational excellence plan in 2022. Companies, which were startups now account for an amazing 63% of all new prescription drug approvals over the last five years and it’s no wonder that pharma has now established venture arms and incubators to invest in these promising start-ups working on new drug technologies. Finally, I want to make a comment about ARE investments and Dean will give you granular analysis of this. This effort and key pillar of our business was started when we were private in 1996. Our single best investment today was our Series A in Google in 1998. Today, this pillar continues to be strategically core to what we do at Alexandria. One recent investment focused on unlocking the secrets of ALS, a disease which killed which killed Lou Gehrig and remained shrouded in mystery even today. As I stated before, there are about 10,000 known diseases to mankind today and only about 500, or 5% have addressable therapy. So we’re in the real early innings of the biology revolution. And with that, let me turn it over to our new Co-CEO, Steve Richardson.
Joel Marcus: Okay. This is Joel, and I’ll let each of them comment. But I think that the fact that the team has worked together for almost two decades. And the fact that we don’t have an org chart and we aren’t bureaucratically organized, make it very easy to move between issues and manage in a way that is highly effective. So I’m not sure they can give you or want to give you any granular detail, but it’s a pretty seamless operation. Steve, you could comment.
Joel Marcus: Yes, it’s a combination of existing assets with value creation embedded in them and then development, redevelopment types of properties.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And the item that Dean mentioned the $8-plus million was the recognition on the sale of Juno to Celgene. So strategically, as I said in my comments, Sheila, going back to 1996, when the company was still private. We felt that it was important for us to do a couple of things in using our balance sheet to invest directly in entities that made a big difference and Steve alluded to these differentiators. And that is one to really understand maybe most importantly, where the science is going. And if you don’t understand that, it’s hard to even begin to think about the tenant base how you underwrite, who you underwrite. So that’s number one. And I think number two is to be able to develop relationships with big winners and companies you can grow with over time, and so that becomes very important. Knowledge of the industry is critical. And so that’s another bedrock piece of the investment strategy. Clearly, financial gains is also paramount. We don’t do this as a hobby, we do it as a very serious financial, both I think, methodical and judicious approach that we always want to ensure we’re making money on, on a net basis. And I think also importantly, it brings us a level of, I think, respect and knowledge in our ecosystem that we’re not just a minor player. We are, in fact, one of the central players of the life science ecosystem.
Joel Marcus: So we still have a little bit of space. We’re moving people around there, but by and large, it’s relatively fully leased. We are in late-stage negotiations with the city on the letter of intent for the North Tower. We hope to maybe make an announcement over coming period of time. And then, I think, we clearly are looking at expansion in New York City and I would say stay tuned on that.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think you’ll see the cost basis, however, in about 4% to 6% of total assets. I think that’s where it logically is and probably will remain and will certainly continue to recycle investments they naturally recycle themselves to some extent. As Dean said, that really isn’t a quarterly run rate that we’ve had for a long, long period of time. So I think that’s kind of where you should think about it.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I would echo very much what Tom said. We see certainly a strong impetus for early renewals, that’s just an imperative for these companies to lock down space oftentimes they’ve invested significant capital into the space. We’ve also seen that they are locking down adjacent blocks of space after the existing tenant lease expiration date. So forward committing to space two and three years down the road. And then finally, for the tenants that are ultimately displaced, we’ve been able to relocate a number of them in other facilities. South San Francisco is a good example at 681 Gateway to relocate and expand companies. So we’re in daily contact with these tenants through our operating teams and it’s a high-class problem. But it is something we work hard at every day. I hand it over to Peter.
Joel Marcus: It wasn’t that good actually. It was highlighting best practices around reporting and they did touch on the lot of great things we did. But what they did to highlight broadly for the REIT sectors that there is some disparity in same-property methodology. I do want to first say that we’ve been very consistent on how we report our same-property pool, including a full reconciliation of the properties that are included and excluded. In fact, we did that one step further for multiple years. We actually showed the same-property performance calculation on three different methods just to give the investment community some sense that there are alternatives. And we think we’ve chosen the most conservative, meaning, the less – the least inflated type of methodology, meaning, that will drive the least amount of spikes upward in performance. Now getting to your question those same-property pool, we’ve looked at it consistently in the reporting period, Rich, and that period could be a quarter, or it could be a year-to-date or a full year period. And it’s applied in a sense that the asset has to be operating consistently for the entirety of the full period.
Joel Marcus: Now the way, I think, the investment community and Michael and Manny highlighted it in their report was there was – they were asking the question. If you take the sum of four quarters, if the quarterly pulls are slightly different than the annual pull, do you get the same results for the full-year? We looked back just out of curiosity to see that what would change. It turned out there would have been a slight difference to 2017 same-property performance, slight – very slight, directionally the same message. And coincidentally for 2016 and 2015, absolutely no change in the overall performance for cash and GAAP. So long way of saying, I think, we’re looking carefully at the question you’ve posed, Rich, to be sure that not only do we develop best practices in our disclosure here, but it also that the market evolves to a methodology that just makes sense for same-property performance. So we’re monitoring it and stay tuned is the best thing I could say.
Joel Marcus: Oh, they will be probably over the – and let’s see, we’re in the second quarter, so during the second quarter would be a fair timeframe.
Joel Marcus: So the – if what you’re asking is and I think, we’ve shared this with – probably we spoke to almost every analyst, I think, after the announcements came out. I think, we said that just generally speaking, Steve would take over the bulk of my responsibilities on the investor outreach and so forth. And team with Dean on that and he would be granular in certain specific regions beyond San Francisco, which he does now. And Peter would be focused heavily as he is now in his role as CIO with all of the leasing and much of the internal growth, as well as acquisition and obviously, on the underwriting. And so I think, that’s broadly and he would be focused on a set of separate regions. So if you look at those things that take up the bulk of our time, that’s kind of where the allocation of responsibility is.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think we said that both Dean and Tom would broaden their responsibilities and spend additional time in other regions for Tom. And for Dean, who would be more granular with some of the regional teams than he has been strictly in his role as Chief Financial Officer.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And in my case, I thought Steve was probably worth it and Peter was not, but that’s just the way it ends up.
Joel Marcus: And on 5 Laboratory, I would say, there’s a fair amount of interest. We don’t deliver that till the end of the year. And we expect it is unique in that part of the world kind of the center of ag tech in the United States. And there’s virtually no available first-class campus for office lab and greenhouse.
Joel Marcus: And we would throw a footnote, in New York City for example, there is really no waiting line for lab space. It really is you have to take the spin outs one by one and if you’re going to go after any more established companies to put outposts in New York, you actually have to go after them and pitch them, but there’s no really established waiting line.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think that a number of the companies both pharma and biotech have obviously had favorable impacts from tax reduction and repatriations that I’m sure has fueled some of the M&A we’ve seen here in the first quarter and probably will continue to see that. So I think in a sense that the margins we don’t see any big demand coming out of that per se, because I would say that big pharma through their normal course of going after products when they have a product that’s going through the pipeline and it looks very promising that tends to be the spur for expansion and I think a lot of those companies will use – they’ll invest in their R&D and we’ll see some expansion in the markets they are already in, but I don’t think we’ll see anything hugely dramatic from that, but it’s all positive that’s for darn sure.
Joel Marcus: Okay, well thank you everybody. We did it within an hour and appreciate it and talk to you next quarter.
Peter Moglia: Thanks, Steve. I’m looking forward to working with you for another 20 years, really appreciate those comments. We’d like to briefly touch on our acquisitions last quarter. And as a reminder, our investment philosophy has been and will continue to be a strong preference to add value rather than paying for another company’s value creation. For acquisitions, this quarter reflect this philosophy and our historical track record of building dynamic communities to urban campuses. Alexandria Park is a multiple building generic office project in Palo Alto, the heart of the Greater Stanford cluster that will undergo a transformation to a fully amenitized life science and tech campus creating a highly desirable collaborative destination. 704 Quince Orchard Road in Gaithersburg, Maryland will create a highly differentiated set of laboratory suites from a generic office building. Summers Ridge in San Diego is a rare opportunity for Alexandria as you acquire a multi-tenant life science campus that is stabilized with credit tenancy, providing immediately accretive income, plus the additional opportunity to create value with additional FAR for future campus expansion. 100 Tech Drive in the Greater Boston market is a 200,000 square foot facility, leased by a fast-growing, high-quality existing Alexandria tenant, and also provides for future value creation with an additional 300,000 square feet to create a fully integrated 500,000 square foot campus. In addition to our acquisitions, it is important to note two recent laboratory office transactions that illustrate the property values and institutional demand for our product continued to be very strong. The Real Reporter in Boston reported last Monday that 4 black fan circle, a 270,000 square foot Life Science Research Facility in Boston’s Longwood medical area sold to investment advisor Intercontinental Real Estate Corporation for $275 million. We understand that the cap rate was in the high 4s, which is particularly impressive since the real estate is held in a somewhat complicated condominium structure. The article mentions that the asset was “aggressively pursued by investors from across the globe”. This is the first time we’ve heard of Intercontinental being a bidder for a life science asset. But it’s further proof that strong returns and credit profile of life science assets continue to attract Global Institutional Capital. We have also recently been made aware of a sizable laboratory office transactions in the Cambridge market that has recently closed at a mid-4 cap rate and expect details to come out shortly. A metric we’d like to highlight this quarter is the continued strength of our cash NOI in leasing spreads. Cash rental rate growth increased by 19% this quarter, primarily driven by the successful execution of our strategy to re-release below market rents at our Alexandria Center at One Kendall Square Campus, where the team continues to outperform the expectations we set at the time of acquisition. To finish up, we’d like to comment on the potential impacts of tariffs on the solid development pipeline Steve described earlier. With GMP contracts in place for all of our large projects to be delivered in 2018 and 2019, we will not have any exposure to increasing cost of tariffs, unless there is a scope change involving those materials, which is not anticipated. And although we source all of our steel domestically, our contractors have reported cost creep of 6% to 10%, or $100 to $300 per ton, as domestic providers have raised prices. This would translate to an overall 1% increase in total project cost, if applied to our current projects. We also have adequate contingency to cover anything that comes along. We have not seen price increases in aluminum yet. We source most of it domestically and the rest comes from Canada, which is currently exempted from tariffs. Overall, our conservative underwriting has historically factored in construction cost increases and we continue to monitor the trade policy closely. And with that, I’ll pass it over to Dean.
Peter Moglia: Hey, Tom, it’s Peter Moglia. Just anecdotally, when you ask that question, the Seattle life science market is super tight as well. And one thing that we’ve seen is Juno continues to grow even after being acquired by Celgene and they actually have moved back into the building, they moved out of as a strategy to expand. So just another thing that you can do today with new product being delivered is reoccupy your old product.
Peter Moglia: Most of the returns that are available have been disclosed. I can tell you that we’re working up the returns on the greater Stanford asset, as well as Quince Orchard. They are in process. And I think the…
Peter Moglia: We are looking at multiple scenarios in the Stanford asset, which could modify the returns just a tad…
Peter Moglia: You’ll find that the return is going to be in line with what you would expect for that market and then 704 Quince Orchard same thing. We’re working through different alternatives there, but I think you’ll find that the returns are solid. And we will publish them at the right time, so stay tuned.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I think, this goes back to Manny and Michael in the report that Citi issued probably about six months ago talking about…
Peter Moglia: I’ll finish up. 399 Binney has more demand than the space. We have that – the last 11% is highly competitive right now. So we’re settling on who’s going to take that. And then last one would be 9900 Medical Center Drive, a redevelopment that we have now 58% under negotiation. So we’re progressing as we believe they would.
Peter Moglia: Hey Jed, it’s Peter, look, that is a great asset and we definitely felt it was worth looking, and it’s in our backyard, but to refute some of the press we were not in the best and final round. We dropped out and forgot that, but yes we were looking at it as a potential laboratory play for a portion of it. LA is an interesting market as Joel just said, it can take a decade to build something. We’ve been working on LA actually since the 90s and we’ve seen some positive signs that there could be something a foot. So just to be ahead of the game, we’re going to look at things like that that especially in locations that we think our client tenants would like to be in.
Stephen Richardson: Manny, hi, it’s Steve. Yes, it is important for everybody to remember, Peter and I have worked together for 20 years. And frankly, that’s the same across the executive team, as well as the number of people in the organization. In addition to that for seven, eight-plus years, Peter and I in the roles we’ve had as COO and CIO have been involved with the breadth and depth of the company as we will be as Co-CEOs, and we’ve actually been doing exactly this for a number of years. So there’s nothing substantially different. We’ve worked through these issues and we’ll continue to work through them with Joel and with the team and with each other.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, in Cambridge, the companies are scrambling. I mean they are having some challenges there. There’s not a lot of sublease space available. There’s a little bit. And there are – there’s not a lot of space under construction. We’ve got a building 399 Binney, where we’ve just finished negotiating a letter of intent for the balance of that building. We’ve had some tenant reconfiguration happening at Tech Square. And on the one Kendall Square campus, we benefited from the tightness Tom by the – verge in the case of one Kendall Square, where we’ve had a number of spaces, where we’ve been able to early terminate some tenants or reconfigure their leases. So that we can access space for the many tenants who are looking for a space in the market right now. And there’s been some movement to other submarkets as lease out space, Watertown, the Austin section of Boston and some under the 128 Beltway and a couple to the Seaport. But there continues to be very strong demand. We continue to take meetings with groups that are looking out three and four years now, because that’s when the next delivery opportunities for new construction are occurring. And people are cognizant of the tightness of the market and therefore, they’re planning further and further ahead.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, Jamie, it’s Steve. Again, out of that 2.3 million square feet, 2018 and 2019, we are 81% leased. So may be drilling down on 279 East Grand, Verily has taken 49% of the project. We’re fielding multiple offers for the property, so the demand is very high. I would expect we’ll be very selective and throughout the year have that fully resolved 681 Gateway in South San Francisco, similar situation, Twist Bioscience has anchored the project, fielding multiple offers as well. And it’s a range of small tenants, as well as additional pharma companies looking to enter the market. So overall, I’d say, we’re very bullish there. And then looking at 1818 Fairview up in Seattle, the negotiations are going well, as well as groups behind that kind of leading getting anchor there.
Stephen Richardson: Karin, hi this is Steve Richardson. Yes, in San Francisco right now we’re tracking about 2.3 million square feet of lab demand, Cambridge is somewhat similar at about 2.5 million square feet of lab demand. Down in San Diego we’ve got a 1 million square feet, up in Seattle about 650,000 square feet. In Maryland, as we’ve been talking about for a while now has been recovering strongly, we have about 500,000 square feet of demand there. So, overall a very consistent healthy demand with prior years.
Dean Shigenaga: So, Sheila, the $5.1 million that we kept inside of FFO per share as adjusted is realized gains and it’s the normal realized gains that we have any given year maybe slightly higher this quarter compared to the last couple of quarters. But on average right down the fair – right down what we normally have.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, it’s – G&A has been pretty consistent, guys. It’s roughly in the 60 basis point range as a percentage of total assets as an example. And no real significant G&A impact from the announcements of the executive changes. So I think the way to think about it too is, if you have to go outside and bring in a CEO, that’s where you actually load up and hire an additional executive to the team, which also somewhat suggest that compensation at the executive level for the front runners would be far off the mark for them even to step into that role. So we’re uniquely situated here with highly experienced executives, as you guys well know. And so there wasn’t a big step up on comp matters here across the Board.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think that you have to remember and the group probably is a very noteworthy developer. But I think the thing that you learn is, New York is really a – an early-stage life science cluster. It really originated out of academic and clinical expertise, but lacked really the – it doesn’t have lots of management teams that have done this before. It’s got much better risk capital, venture capital in the early-stage than it had when we started about a dozen years ago there, but still you can’t compare it even in the world to San Francisco or Cambridge. So primarily the New York market as it turns out and we’ve been at it now eight years and to build a cluster like that, to be a secondary cluster, it will never be a primary cluster, it’s about a generation, it’s about a 25 year process and the real thrust there is really very early stage seed and Series A stage companies spinning out of academic medical centers, those are the companies where there is activity. You aren’t going to bring a big pharma like you do in the Cambridge with hundreds of thousands of square feet, it just will not happen in Manhattan. So I think that people may tell what they’re trying to do, but unless they understand the market, unless they are able to handle the market, I think it’s going be hard going for them, because it’s just a very different market and a very different ecosystem in which it grows and that’s why you find virtually no other places in the United States outside of the Seattle, San Francisco, San Diego, Cambridge, New York in its early-stage, the Maryland, North Carolina, a lot of places want to do this, but it’s very, very difficulty, it’s literally next to impossible and people want to be in clusters where they can actually ramp up and hire people and hiring in New York City is possible, but it’s still hard.
