Joel Marcus: Manny I would say, overall our capital plan is fairly fluid throughout the year and we remain flexible in our execution at any given point in time. I would say that facts and circumstances that we were looking at, at that point in time drew us through the conclusion with a variety of matters that we were considering. I guess it’s also fair to say if you look back with hindsight today it’s easy to say that you would have raised more capital but that’s hindsight 2020 vision so.
Joel Marcus: We didn’t intend to delete any meaningful information. As you know Manny, one of the best disclosure packages in the industry if there’s information you find useful we can definitely look at adding that disclosures that you find relevant, so we will take a look at that for next quarter.
Joel Marcus: Sheila no real magic there then in fact when we have a pipeline as robust as we have, when we have the chance quarter-to-quarter we take a deep dive and as these projects - look at the deliveries for '17 and '18 were on the front end of those projects. So diving deep into the timing of spend over roughly a two year timeframe has allowed us to adjust downward some of the - initially projected spend that would have been incurred in 2016. And then we also had a number of projects where the scope was refined based on the requirements that are looking at the project. And so we think the landlord dollars going into the project will be meaningfully less and the tenant will take the space with less dollars going in.
Joel Marcus: Well, I would say Sheila the thing to think about here with the equity securities that we have in primarily life science companies will continue to monetize our holdings because we have a tremendous amount of unrealized gains. And the number that will probably generate from a proceeds perspective, if I to guess today would probably be between north of $50 million in 2016 and ultimately what we monetize depends on future gains that might be realized from the private securities that we hold today as well.
Joel Marcus: Yes, that’s a sensitive question so let me ask Tom to answer it. It didn’t go to a competitor building and I’d say current plan but -
Joel Marcus: Well, it’s not 2016, our ’16 guidance was 6.5 to 6.9 so it's definitely beyond ‘16 and a lot will depend Jamie as we make our way through 2016 but suffice to say that it’s a 2017, its post 2016 event. Ultimately you got tremendous EBITDA growth being a primary factor, our ability to recycle capital from the proceeds of property sales will also contribute but keep in mind our goal is to drive that end result which ultimately will improve our long term cost to capital, so it's an important component of our strategy going forward.
Joel Marcus: I don’t know that - well just to clarify something Jamie I think I heard we don’t expect to - our plan does not anticipate leverage going up other than normal quarter-to-quarter variations. We are looking at on average driving leverage downward and below 6 over time.
Joel Marcus: Well I think it’s important to remember that when you get to pharma and big biotech, pretty good size publicly traded companies given our roster is heavy credit, those guys are not dependent on the capital markets and honestly haven't been for a long time. So the ups and downs in the capital markets don’t really influence their decision making and I think we’re still seeing a trend of moving from isolated silo locations to the core. In fact I think somebody just sent a supplier Bristol-Myers who is our anchor tenant in 100 Binney is now selling their amazingly gorgeous campus at Wallingford Connecticut. So I think pharma and bio are continuing to invest strongly. You get 100 plus billion dollars this year in R&D spend to a great host of great opportunities in cancer, neuroscience and a range of other metabolic diseases et cetera. So I don’t see that people haven’t looked at the market is interrupting that phase of R&D spend. And on the government side I think for the first time in a long time with the uptake of NIH we’re actually seeing way more demand be in Maryland as just one benchmark than there is supply available, we haven’t seen that in maybe a decade. So I think in general the outlook is stable and I think when it comes to companies that are going public, we will know in the next day or so but there are four biotech IPOs right now ready to price one of which we’re involved with and I would say that assuming pricing goes well, this could be the opening of the - selected opening of the biotech IPO market for 2016 because as you know there were no IPOs in January. And I would also say that on the venture side, don’t count out the phase of venture capital formation and investment. We know about handful of companies or entities that are raising a large, large funds this year, I know personally several are heavily oversubscribed by institutional investors and so I think the capital formation for venture capital and life science will be pretty good this year.
Joel Marcus: I think the way to think about the ATM program, and this is probably true not just for Alexandria, but all companies and I think you'll all agree is that the ATM programs really represent a great tool that every REIT have in place. And when appropriate, it's prudent to use it because it's really cost effective. The fees associated with it is fairly nominal. It's generally 1% to 1.5%. It needs to be used prudently. And I would say that applies to Alexandria as well. We will be very disciplined in how we execute raising capital to fund our business, but keep in mind we've got a tremendous amount of growth in net asset value to generate in this high-leased development pipeline. So we'll remain disciplined in how we execute that.
Joel Marcus: I think if you go back to Investor Day, I think, we said that we didn't have other than what we had in the pipeline at that point, which included both the Town Center and the Barnes Canyon. We didn't have any new projects in the pipeline to break ground on or to move forward, because our pipeline right now is a pretty stellar pipeline and our focus is full lease up on both the '16 and the '17, '18. So at the moment, we don't have anything new in planning.
Joel Marcus: Yes. It's a good question. I think that historically, well, maybe 2015 is the high-water mark for M&A broadly speaking. And a lot of the M&A, as you know, has been in the payer sector, it's been in the generic space. It hasn't necessarily been purely in the ethical, pharmaceutical or biotech area, although there have been clearly some opportunities in that world. But I think when we've seen M&A in general, I mean it's not always the case, but in general, the target is usually looked at unless it's generally a single product purchase; in which case good example of that is when Onyx was bought by Amgen they were looking at - there were sweeter products, but primarily the main multiple myeloma product was the main target. And so - and Amgen also had a lot of extra space in South San Francisco city looked to sublease that. You know we're on the percipience of that being fully sub leased, but we still have Amgen credit for 10 years. I think that's more of the exception where we've seen M&A of companies that have a platform of opportunities with multiple shots on goal or they're looking to essentially get a cadre of very high-quality researchers, which often happens when a farmer buys M&A. Those locations are generally preserved and they're preserved, because they tend to be in the core locations where you've got the collaboration and the innovation at its bet. And I don't think that's going to change at all.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Pretty. I feel pretty good about it, because if you go to the best locations, you go to a New York City, you go to Cambridge, you go to a Mission Bay, you go to Lake Union in Seattle, there is virtually no new supply, there is highly constrained environment for new development - let alone things like Prop M or whatever. And I think that's going to be a big check. And I think even if demand moderates, because no one knows where this market is going, the macro market in the sense of how severe or not severe it is, but most people feel that it's not a replay of '08-'09. Well, I remember in one quarter, I think, it's kind of funny. I remember this quarter well. I think it was maybe first second quarter of '09, there was maybe a 40,000 square foot lease in all of New York side and actually we signed two leases in Cambridge during those first two quarters for well over 100,000 square feet. So we feel good about being positioned in a very defensive posture in the best locations where you have real constrained supply and the demand we still see in virtually all the markets is still good.
Joel Marcus: Well, I guess the good news and the bad news is we've got 100% occupancy so we can't feel much in a way of demand. But I think when it comes to our tenants, the three that we've underwritten and spent a lot of time with, I think, Uber continues to be a just a transformational change in the way we do a number of things including transportation. But well beyond that and we certainly see that they're going to be a big force for many years to come. I mean look today, we started with Google back in 1998 in their first campus and they were at Series A and today they are now the largest company in the world, I guess by equity market cap. We also feel very good about Pinterest. Pinterest was just highlighted by Fortune as one of the three so called unicorns that are most likely to succeed. We think their business both on the personal side, but extending to the commercial side has huge opportunities. And then on Stripe I think we continue to use stripe as a great company and it continues to be the back bone of the medium size B2b business community. So I think we feel good about our situation. I think overall tech -- as I said, I think you're going to see some shakeup. Clearly there is evaluation transformation going on, but based on what I know and my conversations with venture guys up in the bay area, which we have all the time. The model, as I mentioned earlier, Jim, moving from building platforms to building profitable businesses and that's something - and that moves them from being less dependent on either the private or the public capital markets and that's by intentional design. So I think you'll see the really high-quality companies continue to do well and move away from the need to do private or public financings when the markets are not receptive and the ones that just simply can't do that will I'm sure go away.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think everybody is - no one is immune to the larger markets. And people pay attention obviously, when a radical transformation in the economic environment like 08/09 happens, obviously, everybody pays attention to that, but I think in this market, people will make good decisions, good business decisions. Yes, they may be a lot more careful, but I think essentially their evaluations are based on in the life science industry, the quality of their pipeline. And I think they're going to make good decisions on that. And again, they are not by enlarge dependent on capital markets.
Joel Marcus: As my comments earlier, Michael, were that we're going to be looking carefully and provide more color in the next quarter or two on our dispositions. But keep in mind, we just completed a tremendous amount in almost $600 million this year, most of it in the fourth quarter or in December for that matter. So we've been active in the market and we'll provide more color here soon.
Joel Marcus: After that and the transactions closed after that as well. So we were looking at all the interplay of those various things to get with the security sales.
Joel Marcus: Well, I'll tell you, the answer is we felt because one of the compelling factors, Michael, is with 2016 deliveries and a very large set of 2017 and that little bit ended 2018 deliveries as opposed to a lot of companies who don't have a development pipeline and on boarding NOI that would be literally may be 25% of what our current NOI is. That wasn't such a compelling opportunity. We felt that we could take a small slice of equity, meet all of our goals, continue to deleverage. And there are bunch of companies that are much higher leverage than we are so we feel good about our path. And we have options, because of those - because of the big pipeline. So sure you can always think about a big, rip the band aid off, but we didn't feel it was necessary or appropriate at that time. It's still in hindsight, don't feel that as well.
Joel Marcus: Thank you all for your time and wishing everybody a Happy and Healthy New Year. Thank you again. We look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes I would say Jamie let’s focus on getting to the end of 2016. It's not a matter of driving our business with no incremental debt, I mean by definition with the EBITDA growth we have, we can support the incremental debt without impacting leverage. So what you’re talking about it taking the mix of overall capital sources and taking advantage of the factors that drive leverage down whether that’s saving some of the EBITDA growth to reduce leverage, recycling a few more assets that will allow us to further reduce leverage. We have a variety of leverage to actually pull the driver end result but it’s not something that we’re intending to execute on this year, it’s something that over the next couple of years you’ll see us migrate in that direction and ultimately get exchange.
Dean Shigenaga: Hi, David, Dean here. The question came up little bit earlier, I think it’s for 2016 it’s probably fair to say, we’ll probably have at least $50 million in proceeds from those securities.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. That's a good question. As some of you may know, the consolidation rules today are little more complicated than they were 10 years ago. The three joint ventures we executed on remain on balance sheet as consolidated JVs. So they were accounted as a more of an equity or financing transaction. So there is no GAAP gain associated with those transactions, but we did take the proceeds. The adjustment -- the amount is effectively the GAAP gain was booked through APEC, not through earnings.
Dean Shigenaga: No. I think the simplest way to think of it is that we look through the asset base from time to time and I think almost any category of assets we hold is their gain. There is a little bit in every bucket that can be executed on. So stay tune there.
Dean Shigenaga: Well keep in mind Michael, for the fourth quarter of this year - at the beginning of the year I think we've stayed pretty close to target. We're anticipating to be sub 7% and we ended up at 6.9% as we reported without the 7.7%. So I don't think that 6.6% came about just because we executed some sales or securities. We're not looking for anything lumpy in our guidance and that's consistent with how we presented the numbers for this year. I think your question does provide a great opportunity to discuss one of the things that I think people should consider¸ although we don't make this into our numbers is that we have a tremendous amount of contractual cash rents that have not commenced as a result of recent deliveries, development and redevelopment projects. And the contractual rents are under leases, so they will kick-in. A simplest way of looking at it is that if the world, not the world really, but if things came to an end and we stopped building product, the cash flows would kick-in and significantly reduce our leverage metrics. And so as much as we try to think about making pro rata adjustments for dispositions or deliveries is also that other component of contractual cash flows that aren't in place yet and that's really significant. And so there is a variety of things that move back and forth, Michael. We just try to keep it simple and report the numbers the way they fall out and be clear on what the number consist of so investors can make adjustments as appropriate.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. I think, Michael, in my opening comments I alluded to that that it allowed us given the timing and given we were working with the kind of the sale of 409-499 Illinois allowed us to take less equity from that or less proceeds from that transactions by doing the ATM and also we didn't have to either lower 2015 or 2016 guidance so it turned out to be kind of a good thing even though however maybe.
Dean Shigenaga: I don't think we have to think about that, because I think we have path to fund them. We have a path to get to a sub six leverage number and those become important deliveries. They're also contractually required when you sign a lease, you perform under the lease and we’ve got the brand reputation in the area and why we've been able to attract the partners we have for the leases we’ve under committed to and under – put under contract. So I don’t think that’s part of our calculus and I think based on most economies view of the world, this is not a structural banking failure situation, there is tough times due to oil in China and may be the high yield market et cetera. But I don’t think we’re in the same position. I mean when we – I remember Dean and I when we after Lehman collapsed in September of 2008 literally within six weeks we had cut CapEx 50%, I don’t think we’re in that environment today.
Dean Shigenaga: I think it is especially given that it’s a highly leased development pipeline. If it wasn’t, I think we would be thinking very differently.
