Stephen Richardson: Thank you, Jenna. Good afternoon, everyone. Steve here. We've discussed the mission-critical nature of our laboratory office facilities since our inception 26 years ago. It is clear now more than ever that Alexandria is the proven leader in providing mission-critical an indispensable strategic national health infrastructure in these unique facilities. As Joel and Jenna outlined earlier, we have 60 companies directly engaged in the fight against COVID-19. Our unique platform is leading to healthy activity at Alexandria's Class A laboratory facilities. During Q1, we leased 700,000 rentable square feet at very strong rental rate increases. Actually, the highest during the past 10 years with 22.3% on a cash basis and 46.3% on a GAAP basis, led by a large lease in our flagship Tech Square campus in Cambridge. Our mark-to-market continues to be strong at 15.8% GAAP and 14.3% cash.Lab supply constraints continue with nearly 0 lab subleases coming to market since the inception of the pandemic and continued strong occupancy at 97.5% in our campuses when excluding the vacancy of the recently acquired campuses in San Diego and South San Francisco that will provide future growth opportunities. Executed leases now for the month of April are on pace with Q1 leasing velocity. And important to note that we do have ongoing demand in the form of serious interest and negotiations with tenants on renewals and expansions and our new ground-up developments and redevelopment projects. It's also important to highlight that Alexandria has long been a pioneer, an early adopter in the discipline of designing and constructing state-of-the-art healthy facilities. We currently have 39 total fit well and we well health certification initiatives with 12 projects completed and another 27 projects underway. One of these facilities in Cambridge, in fact, received the highest score fit well ever awarded. Our mission-critical facilities already feature many state of the art mechanical and filtration attributes and are easily adaptable as may be needed going forward guided by our skilled operational teams who are well versed in the types of measures needed to deliver enhanced environments.Finally, Alexandria is fully prepared and well positioned at all strategic and operational levels to protect the inherent value of our unique Class A facilities and continue to grow as a trusted partner to the life science industry to beat this pandemic.With that, I'll hand it off to Peter.
Stephen Richardson: Sheila, it's Steve. No, that's exactly right. We do have, as we said, mark-to-market strong across most of the regions, and it is typically broad-based for this particular quarter, we did have that 1 lease at Tech square that was a particular driver. But in general, we do have nice mark-to-market opportunities.
Stephen Richardson: Tony, it's Steve. Yes. Broadly, when you look at just the overall vacancy in these markets, they're typically mid-single digits and even low single digits. Look at Cambridge, 1.8% vacancy, San Francisco, 2.2% availability and on with other regions as well. And then my comment as well, there has not been really any significant sublease space that's come to market since the pandemic. So you do have again, a constrained supply situation. We think pricing power will be maintained the level of demand continues to be strong. Again, April's activity was consistent with what we saw during Q1 and of this year. So the markets are, in fact, healthy at this point, and we're very, very close to them as well with our installed tenant base.
Stephen Richardson: Michael, it's Steve. No, that's right. I mean the demand continues, the need for lab space, as Peter has outlined, is qualitatively different than office space. As people's programs and the funding that Joel highlighted in the beginning, come to fruition. They want to keep moving forward. They want to lock down lab space. The markets are very tight. Again, no major subleases have come to the market. So people are still acting with a sense of the need to move forward and do that deliberately and diligently we have been able to go into the market. These are all essential service buildings. In the orders, they are very clearly and explicitly defined biotech and pharma buildings as essential services. So they are open so we continue to see healthy demand.
Stephen Richardson: Dave, it's Steve here. Yes, again, the activity remains consistent. It is consistent across all of the regions. So I think we're very well positioned to capture that demand. We'll just have to see exactly the intensity of the velocity and the magnitude of it. It is high-quality demand, but I think it is still a little bit TBD, but nevertheless, again, April was very encouraging. We're in the full throes of the pandemic, and it was consistent with what we saw during Q1.
Peter Moglia: Thank you, Steve. I'm going to quickly update you all on our development pipeline. Acquisitions closed in 1Q and touch on some capital markets activity. Coming into 2010, we have 11 development and redevelopment projects in our pipeline that are 61% leased, with another 7% under negotiation. One of the many things that we like about our pipeline is that it is spread among 6 markets and 9 submarkets, which really shows that the ecosystems we've built in all of our clusters are contributing to our growth and our story is not just about any particular region. Despite the shelter in place orders, reducing our ability to tour potential tenants, there is good activity on partially leased assets that are progressing at various levels from initial online presentations to paper being traded. As Steve mentioned, we are still seeing healthy activity in our markets. And these leasing percentages should accelerate given the pent-up demand and the new COVID-19 related requirements.As you may have noted, by looking on Page 38 of the supplemental, 7 projects have had a temporary pause in construction, but 3 of them have restarted as they've been deemed essential. Delays related to shelter in place orders or I'll refer to as SIP, are not day for day. They are likely between day for day and 2 days per day of delay, depending on how long it takes to remobilized the subcontractors back on-site and where we were in the staging of the work. We do not anticipate any material supply chain issues. The amount of delay is really going to depend upon the subcontractor labor and what other work they are performing elsewhere. In general, we anticipate about 1/4 delay on average for those projects that are in temporary work stoppages due to SIP orders and assuming construction recommences upon lifting of the current orders, and they are not further extended. We do anticipate or we do not anticipate any material movement in yields at this time due to these delays. In the -- touching on acquisitions, in the first quarter, we closed on 2 projects, we discussed on last quarter's call, 275 grove in the Route 128 corridor and the JV with Boston properties in South San Francisco.In addition to those, we closed on 9808 and 9868 Scranton Road in Sereno Mesa. And 3330 and 3412 Hill view in the Stanford Research Park. The Scranton Road assets total 220,000 square feet and are located directly across the street from and will be incorporated into our SD tech campus. They are currently 88% leased with the predominant tenants being investment-grade companies. The assets present us the opportunity to achieve a strong 6.8% stabilized cash yield by leasing the vacant space and future value creation opportunities as they are convertible to lab. A 50% interest in these assets was subsequently sold into a joint venture, and we received $51.1 million from net asset sale.As mentioned, in addition, we closed on 3330 and 3412 Hillview in the Stanford Research Park for $105 million. These 2 high-quality Class A office properties total approximately 106,000 square feet and are fully leased to credit tenants. The rents are considerably under market and offer near-term value creation in an irreplaceable location. The buildings are also convertible to lab offering us long-term optionality and further value creation opportunities down the road.Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we closed on 975 to 1075 Commercial Street and 915 to 1063 old County Road, a 12.7 acre site that is the fourth and final piece of our 25 Acre assemblage branded as the Alexandria district in St. Carlos. This campus is in close proximity to the Caltrain station and will reach 2 million square feet upon full development. First phase of a little over 500,000 square feet is currently under construction and has been well received as the only purpose-built Class A lab campus in the Greater Stanford cluster illustrated by it being 56% pre-leased with another 9% under negotiation.I'll wrap up by mentioning that conversations with a number of brokers indicate that there is still strong interest in lab office assets from a diverse set of investors. To that end, the post 426,000 square foot campus in Waltham in Massachusetts closed on April 2 at a 5.1% cap rate, the lowest suburban cap rate we know of. And a reliable source has told us another life science transaction in the Boston area has gone under contract while in the shutdown. With a positive light shining on the industry, it is not surprising that demand for our product type remains robust.And with that, I'll pass it over to Dean.
Peter Moglia: Sure. So Jamie, one of the things that we used to get asked about was the densification trend for office going to affect lab, and the answer was always no because for one, lab spaces as much about equipment as it is about people. So the way that just research has done right now with people kind of that every other bench with equipment filling in, social distancing is really already factored into the design. There may be some things that can be done with circulation within a lab that will examine to make things even safer. But by and large, we've already been studying this. Our traditional lab product is probably already safe in this environment. We're looking at some of our proprietary products that might be a little bit more dense, and we've already got plans in place for some practical reconfigurations that will not be costly, but we'll just create a little bit more safety.
Peter Moglia: If you don't mind. This is Peter. Yes. The people -- a lot of that office space is actually the office space for the people working in the lab. So they do their experiments in the lab, and then they go back to their office and write things up and communicate about those things. So you actually can't work from home. You have -- that office has to be next to the lab because you're going in and out of that. And the majority of our space is revenue-producing space. It's research and development. It's not has nothing to do with back office. I'm sure there's a few companies that we have that may have some back office in there. But by and large, the majority of that office space are people that are actually working in the lab. So that can't be brought home.
Joel Marcus: Sheila, welcome to the call. So the -- I talked about NIH being up 7% this year, who knows where Congress may decide to additionally, focus there was $25 billion in the recent care bill this, I think, the second addition focused on testing. In fact, I was on a call the other day, where there's going to be some rollout of some pretty amazing novel testing. So a lot of money is going into that sector. In fact, it may be that the nasal swab will actually be old technology at some point, and people will be using there's some research out of practical research out of Rutgers and Yale, indicating that you can actually find virus in spit. And if you could imagine, you could do that simply on a daily basis. And be alerted on your smartphone that you aren't able to go to work, that would be a pretty unique solution. So we see a fair amount of money, both from pharma, from Bio, from the venture side, obviously, from philanthropy and from the government. I think the BARDA deal that I mentioned and Jenna mentioned almost $500 million to try to ramp up testing and the vaccine with Moderna is 1 example of, I think, extraordinary focus in this area. So I think it's broad-based and really across multiple regions.
Joel Marcus: Right, as you maybe even have seen on television when some of the news media reports go to that site, which is right next to our 2 towers, the pad that was the location of OCME, the Office of County Medical Examiner was occupied for many, many years. So the white tent with the unidentified remains of the world trade center victims. They've vacated that site, and then we began a diligence there. They reclaim that site for a temporary period just a number of weeks ago, they have mobile morgues there because of the number of people dying in the New York City area. We would expect them to probably vacate that by the summer or the fall, and then we would look to see where we are with the economy and so forth. But I don't think it's going to be an indefinite postponement in the sense of how long they'll be there. We just don't know at this point.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think the bigger question, Tony, that you may be asking, too, is, will these companies somehow decide to put people in more remote locations or even at home. And that's something we just don't know yet. There are obviously a number of office tenants who've indicated that they will have a new way of working, maybe in shifts or, in fact, maybe will wait and do telecommuting until there's either an effective therapeutic or hopefully an effective vaccine as well. So we haven't seen that roll out. But again, in the office world, most of our leases are really full building leases with the major tech companies. We don't have lots of spaces rolling and smaller spaces to deal with. So that's a good thing on the office side.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think in this -- remember what I said, this was an office asset, a multi-tenant office assets. So you can imagine your first question really went to the heart of that as we saw things unfolding in the office sector. Our underwriting changed. And so that kind of alert you to is this where you would want to deploy your capital in this particular kind of environment? The answer was no.
Joel Marcus: And keep in mind, as we said in our guidance, Tom, one of our overriding goals, having lived through the great financial crisis was to give ourselves maximum optionality so that we adjusted our spend and our go-forward business plan almost on a dime, pivoting very quickly so that we don't need any further -- to raise any further capital this year to accomplish what we presented here on the call.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Yes. And I mean, we -- to some extent, did something similar was different, but yet there is kind of a similarity during the great financial crisis when we continue to build the East tower in New York and we shut down the West tower having finished the foundation, but we didn't go vertical, and it turned out to be a really great call.
Joel Marcus: I was going to say, let me just respond quickly. Now I think that's part and parcel of giving ourselves the maximum optionality where we don't have an assumption of as many acquisitions as we had earlier so that we don't have to tap either the debt or the equity markets at all or even raise money through partial interest sales or whatever. So part of that was -- had nothing to do with the outside state of the market. It had to do with giving ourselves total and maximum optionality here. That was the driving force.
Joel Marcus: No. Although given where we are today and our balance sheet, as Dean articulated, we have optionality to do a lot of things that maybe we wouldn't have had to do in a different environment. So it really puts us in a in a unique and, I think, excellent position, which is where you want to be if you can be.
Joel Marcus: Well, so maybe the first question, the COVID-19 type requirements or COVID-19 type infrastructure requirements, I should say, in the buildings. These are companies who are already focused in areas of therapeutic need in the antiviral areas and certain testing areas, certain infectious disease areas. I mean, Vera is a good example. That was their business before. And to be able to move from a particular focus in infectious disease or in therapies in the antiviral side to COVID-19 is not much of a stretch. Because the basic capabilities and technology and manpower is already there. So there isn't a lot of big pivoting among tenants who were working at. I mean, the East Lake development for Adaptive. I mean, they are all over the COVID-19 area, but it was a natural progression from where they were. But the second part of your question, yes, we've been already contacted. I can think of personally about a half a dozen e-mails, I've got from individuals from companies where they are looking for additional capability additional facilities for their ramp-up on COVID-19, whether it be vaccine, therapeutics or in fact, in testing. And so we do think there will be some pent-up demand there.
Joel Marcus: Yes. That's really hard to say. My sense is that given that we're not a heavily retail-oriented developer and operator. We think that one by one, we're going to look at the retail operations and see, does this make sense in a new environment, people are going to want clean, prepackaged, probably not so quickly to sit down. So I think there's going to be some shift. Some operators will be pretty facile at being able to do that. And others probably won't. And I think those will just be done on a one by one basis. Luckily, as being said, we don't have immense numbers of retail tenants. So for us, we'll be pretty methodical to try to go through that analysis. But I think it's fair to say until there is a truly effective vaccine, people are not going to be socializing and eating the way they used it.
Joel Marcus: No. I think what's happening is many of the office type people are working virtually. Because you've got a component in every company depending upon size of people who are just office users. And then people in the labs, labs, by their very nature are essentially, you've got good spacing between people. In fact, when we've done tours in the past, especially a member in San Diego people saying, "Oh, my God, are there anybody working in the labs. So because on a beautiful day, a lot of times, people worked through the night rather than during the day. But they -- I think people have adapted pretty well, so they have essential crews going in to do continue experiments and mission-critical work in those -- and they shift around on days and weeks, and then those who don't need to be there aren't there until the stay in place orders are lifted. But everything is essentially open and working. But under new rules and new rules of the road, if you will.
Joel Marcus: Well, that you're running up, if you don't mind you off, you really answer. Yes, you bring up a really good point. We actually even have one of our large tech tenants, which I won't name because I'm not sure they would want that publicity. But has come to us, they were put into 1 of our large lab buildings and as the only non-lab tenant they really have fallen in love with the high ceiling and the 100% fresh air. This is pre-COVID, by the way, that they had such great experience and such great feedback from their employees that when they go out now with RFPs for new space, they're asking for the same floors and the same air filtration, air changes that we provide. So look, everything that we have that is office with potentially a couple of minor exceptions, is built for laboratory. And therefore, it does have high ceilings. It may have MEP design that is a bit more efficient for office, but we have thought about and put in infrastructure that would enable it to be lab in the future.So we do have the ability to provide an atmosphere from a mechanical standpoint, that mirrors lab. And I think to the extent that office tenants are growing and expanding. We'll see when that happens. But that they will look at buildings like ours, like they have been because we have that advantage. And Steve even mentioned the fit well and the wealth standards, which factor in such things as the amount of natural light that comes into the space, the amount of actual space people have to move around the building, the outdoor space people have to work in. All of those things in this environment are going to be really important as people decide where they want to office. And so our thought to getting into these well and fit well-designed standards is going to pay off not only in our lab business, but for anybody who is leasing office from us as well.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think at the moment and when they reintegrate into the -- whatever will be the new opening and that's going to be different city by city, state-by-state and even company by company. I think you'll find people working maybe shifts to begin with. Those who can work from home over time will probably be brought back into the system because I think it's pretty clear you -- it's hard to build a culture when you have people or maintain a culture when you have people working from home consistently. And especially a number of those people are senior management of a lot of these companies. So I don't think that's going to be a big issue, but I think it will be a time frame issue. But there's a light at the end of the tunnel because once there's a -- if there is, and we think there probably will be an effective vaccine. Hopefully, that goes away, although the age-old habit of shaking hands, hugging, being close to people probably will be rethought a lot by people and that may never change, except in family settings or things like that. So there will be some long-term changes. But I think as I've described the reintegration, I think that's likely what would happen on the office side.
Joel Marcus: Slightly, no. Okay. Yes, the three items that Dean mentioned are all very unique situations. One has to do with just the market. It's more of a consumer kind of product. Another one has to do with -- actually, the other 2 are really primarily due to management issues, not fundamental underlying business issues. And so in any venture portfolio, you're going to expect some don't perform. And yes, no change whatsoever.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don't think there's any delays other than COVID. It's just hard to get -- we're in diligence. And it's hard to get things done. Sometimes when cities are shut down when we're shut down to the extent that we have to be and when you're working virtually and mobilely, so I don't see any -- we were -- the anticipation is to close that either toward the end of the year or early '21. And I don't think that's materially changed.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Steve, you can take that, but I don't think there's any huge delays and people are virtually looking at assets.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And as you saw from the press release and supplement, we announced that we had considerably upzoned our asset at 325 in and that's a good example during this last month or two of COVID shutdown, we've still seen a remarkable amount of interest in that development as a good example.
Joel Marcus: I think there's going to be more, and I don't know how things are going to sort out with China, whether they really open up the -- what really happened in Wuhan? I mean, there are a lot of different theories, as you guys know. But whether it was pure research, whether it was maybe a biological weapon. I don't think the web markets were necessarily the exact cause of that, but I'm not the expert. But I think there's going to be a much more intense federal, state and local effort to try to stockpile medicines, therapeutics, testing capabilities, vaccines. And remember, there are more than 1 strain of the coronavirus. And we don't know what other ones are out there and do to come. So I think this is with us maybe for the history of humanity here.
Joel Marcus: I think it's hard to say. I think it's possible that when you say spike, I mean, if there's an additional building or 2 requirements, or half a dozen? I mean, don't know if that's considered a spike or a natural evolution of the pandemic response. But we would expect that there are going to be a range of requirements out there, given the amount of money flowing into testing therapeutics and vaccines. I think you have to believe that don't know if it's a Tsunami or a wave, but it'll -- it's going to happen.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think in this environment, that's not something that we're thinking about at this time. But I think over the long term, there will likely be other markets, but probably nothing we'd comment on at this point.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, Michael, one thing is for sure, we have always put our always allocated capital to our core, which will never change, which is the life science industry. But as you know, the intersection of life science and the whole you might call it, the whole IT world is really booming. And so I mean, telemedicine went from something that millennials or Gen Z or Gen Xers would occasionally use because they're pretty healthy too. Right now, it's -- I think, I've got a note because we're involved with the company that's kind of at the forefront that it's spiked up 85% of what it was 2 months ago. So I think you can't ever forget, I mean, tenants of ours, Google, Verily , Microsoft, others that are heavily, heavily involved in the health care sector. So the 2 overlap in ways that are pretty fundamental. So that will always be of great interest. I don't think we'll have as much interest in pure tech office buildings. But I think where we see a building, as Peter described, that may be an office tenant today, but that's in a great location that we can convert in the future. That -- those would still be of interest. And I don't think we've ever really had interest in owning lots of office buildings, multi-tenant office buildings. Per se. That's never really been a focus of ours. So I think we continue our focus.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well, I think number one, those are mostly for undergraduates. If you look at MIT, a lot of the professors and a lot of the labs are still open. They've gone to COVID related operations where people are cycling in, not at all at the same time. But labs and a lot of the graduate students and professors are still working. So in that sense, that's -- we're not so tied to the undergraduate populations. We don't -- we aren't kind of just out there being near university campus, that's kind of not our business model. But what we are focused on are being close to the fundamental institutions in the United States that have pretty strong computational, biological, chemical, all the right kind of areas where they're going to continue to work and people will continue to visit labs and work in labs. So I don't think that changes anything we're doing any Iota.
Joel Marcus: Okay. It's been a long call, so sorry for that. Thank you, everybody, and look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call and most importantly, stay safe.
Dean Shigenaga: Tony, Dean here. So the size of the deal is roughly $150 million to $160 million in that range. And it really came down to economics at the end of the day, during the diligence period, Tony. We constantly revisit the cash flow analysis and our views on the performance of the holding in the near-term was meaningfully different. And when we took it in totality with our business today, and where we want to deploy capital. It was a pretty simple decision, even though we don't take these decisions lightly because you're talking about $10 million. But it's the only transaction I can think of in the history of the company where we've had to do that. And it was well thought through, and I think the prudent decision for us as well as our investors to pause and terminate the deal.
Dean Shigenaga: So Tom, the way we thought about our capital, and this is true for many years now. The large portion of our capital spend is in the category that we always have the flexibility to moderate, like we did just now with our earnings release. These are future projects in the pipeline that have not yet commenced vertical construction not committed to tenants yet. We move them along to shrink the time to deliver, which means everything from entitlement to site work. We could be doing anything below grade, which could include a obviously, infrastructure, but a parking garage, if necessary, just the strength of time to deliver. Now there's still important costs continuing, but the bulk of the spend has been temporarily paused because we think that's the most prudent thing to do in this environment. And I think as we get clarity to COVID clearing out and things getting closer to normal. I'm pretty confident we're going to see opportunities that will present themselves, i.e., tenants looking for expansion capacity within this portfolio of land holdings that we have. And we could do these deals 1 deal at a time, Tom. I think that's the beauty of the position we're in. We can moderate the spend like we have, but we also can be opportunistic when appropriate. And I think that's what we really want to convey. The projects, by and large, remain in the priority, the way they've been disclosed from near term, medium and future. And that's how we rank them generally. But the specific ones that will pull the trigger around will be more demand driven.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Dave. So my comment is really just driven by the historical trend of realized gains. So if you look back over the last number of quarters, it's been roughly in that $14 million a quarter range this quarter, about 15%. And so I think over the last number of quarters, I've always mentioned, I think the best way of thinking about it is to watch the historical trend of where we're headed. And at that run rate at 15 a quarter, just as an example, we're already ahead on an annualized basis to the $50 million that we recognized in 2019. There's a tremendous amount of unrealized gains today in the portfolio, $384 million today. So there's good value still to be tapped.
