Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I don’t think there is anything usual. I think you can run a model on the statistics and find that you can probably achieve about something in the 2.55 to 3% on steps and end up with that a leasing statistic.
Dean Shigenaga: During the quarter we obviously had deliver the building for Gilead and we had, well actually that was we completed also what we brought in to redevelopment projects in to our active development. We completed one development project for about 50 some odd thousand square feet. We delivered the Gilead building, which I mentioned and then we also had some critical construction activities ongoing with our project in Toronto during the period.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, if you turn to page 16 of our supplemental, the top half of the page shows a weighted average interest rate use for capitalization. It is an average rate for the three months and the period was 5.2% versus the average for the three months ended or the fourth quarter period was 5.42%. So, the interest rate itself dropped about 20 basis points. The average basis substantially appears in the [CIT] schedule…
Dean Shigenaga: That is right, Michael. I think the primary driver although is driven by few things. We did add about 130,000 square feet of two new redevelopment projects, almost I think right at the beginning of the quarter, which added probably to the basis that you may not have originally estimated. We also had as I mentioned, some important construction activities related to our project in Toronto that were advanced during the quarter, which you may not have anticipated as well. So those are probably the primary drivers relative to your model.
Dean Shigenaga: One of the challenges, Michael is that the forecast for cap interest is highly dependent on variety of factors, which is the exact timing of delivery or completion of construction projects combined with the interest rate assumptions and because it’s a forward-looking estimate, it's subject to some variability. On average my outlook for cap interest really hasn’t changed the whole lot. I think last quarter I said it was in the $60 million range. I think I just give guidance in the low $60 million range. So I am still in that general area. I think we’ll end up sub 65, but I am saying that very cautiously because there are lot of variables that impact that number every day.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure. The asset that that’s help for sell as of quarter-end is a small parcel. The book basis is about $3 million. There is no gain included in our FFO guidance related to that parcel or any other parcels. The magnitude of land sales going forward will be highly dependent on our negotiations and our appetite for specific parcels, but I can share with you that they do range in size from this very small parcel up to a transaction size that would be very significantly north of $100 million range.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, they were down to 4% year over year, which was certainly a larger decline than I would have thought.
Joel Marcus: Yes, we had in my comments earlier, Tony, we had moved few portions of our Mission Bay West parcel, 290,000 square feet that have completed reconstruction activities that basically we have advanced the reconstruction work. In fact we also have piles on the ground on one of the sites, which allows us to shrink the time to deliver once we are engaged in a tenant negotiation for those new project. Basically the majority of that increase in land held for future development is related to that, but I should also comment that its also skewed to the upside. It makes the basis look a little bit high because there is a fairly significant change in the balance in the current quarter related to our foreign currency translation for our project in foreign markets basically. It's substantially in Canada. That foreign currency translation entry is booked every quarter when we report and flushes through equity not through the P&L but it results in this quarter an uptick in our land held for future development.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, we have a number of ongoing initiatives, Tony, that I described that would be, I would say primarily on land of institutions of where they would put up the land and we would partner with them to create a facility that is needed and they would be leasing the space. The most advanced one is one that I have referred to before which I hope will be in a position at some point to announce when you are dealing with institutional clients. It sometimes is a long process, given approvals and just diligence issues that go through a variety of different committees, but the first one we are looking at is a gateway building to a very large campus, three stories probably about 90,000 square foot building used for various state-of-the-art life science and technology uses.
Joel Marcus: In Asia, we continue to move ahead our projects; particularly we have a small project in South China which we hope to finish at the end of this year, and ultimately tenant not for life science, but ultimately probably technology and manufacturing project. It was our first project and we kind of got our feet wet, and but not one we would want to stay in that location, it was really driven by a partner of ours, who ultimately decided to not take part of the building for just their own business reasons in China, and then we have a two building complex in North China about 300,000 square feet that we are working on. Hopefully, we will finish the shelves during the last quarter or two of this year and we are working on a laming at tenant, we are in discussions with the tenant to fill at least hopefully part of one of the buildings. It’s a US tenant we are bringing to China, and actively marketing the balance, so stay tuned, we hope to have some good news there. In Scotland, we are working on the possible sale of several of the land parcels that we have rights to at some gains, and again those are just working their way through those are complicated for a variety of reasons, but the buyer is there, the seller is willing us and we just need to work through a number of hurdles. So, hopefully we will have that done maybe through the balance of the year. Then just stay tuned on that because there will be some updates on that over the coming quarter or two.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, we have a number of users who are looking at the east parcels which aggregate about a million square feet, and those discussions and negotiations continue and we think there will ultimately be a favorable resolution of that, and then as we said last quarter we also are well into discussions on the South parcels about 500 square feet to go medical office again, parcels that we probably would not hold long-term. Then the hospital, I think there are now about had a one point some billion dollars they are, I think just about a 100 million or so short of their total goal. So there is no doubt if you go by the site, there is a huge, amount of work going on there. So that is going forward without doubt and there is no medical office or administrative space, office space available on that over a million square feet campus. So we think that, that’s going to be a very nice opportunity for somebody with, you know medical office focus.
Joel Marcus: No, not-not-not really Michael, the majority, and keep in mind the majority of the decline in OpEx in the same-store pool actually result in a corresponding decline in the recoveries. That's why in the same-store page you see a decline in revenues, yet positive growth and NOI. The growth in NOI is coming off the top line and growth in rental income.
Joel Marcus: That’s a little hard to do given the competitive landscape, but I would say in each market, we are seeing much more of a willingness of sellers either because they are recognizing there is a more robust environment for sale transactions or on the other hand people who are looking to exit and achieve liquidity. I think we still don’t see any really distressed dollars out there in our niche. They are maybe in the office world, but we certainly haven’t seen it, but we think there are number of opportunities that we see and we will keep you posted on those. Again our criteria must be very well located, obviously high quality facilities and obviously a tenancy that we think can meets our standard and a return on invested capital, but does it well.
Joel Marcus: There is no weakness in Seattle. We are over 98% leased and the only downturn was due to Gilead movement. We have them in a smaller space, the exited and moved to a build to suit and we are backfilling that space. So I wouldn’t sense that weakness at all. If somebody in this market has 98% of a market leased, that’s got to be a huge win. San Diego, I think I have said many times is really a result of a multi-year kind of perfect storm events where a number of big pharmas who went to San Diego have exited that market in favor of say the Bay area or other markets. The institutional demand and focus which has been the primary stalwart on Torrey Pines has slackened the last couple of years heavily due to a number of the institutions focus on Florida, where number three of the institutions I think achieved ramps and other benefits that exceeded the $1 billion from Jeb Bush and others. So that took away a lot of their focus out of La Jolla area for expansion and then I think just the structural downturn cost a lot of biotechs certainly they need less space and so that reduced the focus in San Diego and then the two leading San Diego companies that really one would expect to kind of lead the space anchoring space, which are Biogen Idec and Amylin, both are having shareholder challenges from Carl Icahn on increasing valuations for those companies. So, I think there is a kind of a set of reasons why you see what you see in San Diego, but it’s not certainly unique. It’s certainly as true of all lab landlords and even the office landlords, I think Kilroy and others certainly experienced some pretty significant weakness in the San Diego market. We think its kind of bottomed, but its one market certainly we are pretty focused on to help stabilize.
Joel Marcus: We will thank you. I think we have made within sight of an hour, which makes that efficient. We thank you for you time and participation and look forward to talking to you in late July with second quarter results.
