Stephen A. Richardson: Thank you, Jenna. Steve Richardson here, everybody. Good afternoon. As we stated during the Q1 earnings call, Alexandria's role as a proven leader in providing mission-critical and indispensable strategic national health infrastructure is only becoming more important as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to challenge our country. I'd like to acknowledge with a loud shout-out to our full operations team the stellar work they're undertaking as they've been on the job 24/7, providing exceptional and high-quality service to our tenants at Alexandria's essential services facilities, which have been open and fully operational every day throughout this difficult time. The increasing complexity of construction, delivery and ongoing operations of this mission-critical infrastructure is formidable and not an easy task and requires a highly skilled and talented team that Alexandria has carefully built since its inception. We are pleased to report a healthy, dynamic and positive operations and market reality for the company, and I'll tick through a number of pieces of that.   Brand loyalty is evident as Alexandria's tenants garner great value in our delivery of excellence in all operational matters. And as such, the company has collected 99.5% of accounts receivable during the second quarter and 99.3% during July so far, truly a testament to both the quality of the companies we serve and the great work by our operations team.   Outperformance. During Q2, we outperformed our Q1 leasing activity with a total of 1,077,000 square feet leased. And as we've noted now the past several quarters, this contribution is coming from all regions, with this quarter's significant leasing statistics highlighted by San Diego's activity. Great kudos to the team there.   Strong quarter. The rental rate increases continue to be strong with 15% cash and 37.2% GAAP during Q2. Early renewals year-to-date are consistent at our historic levels of 69%. And during Q2, we exceeded that with a figure of 78%. Mark-to-market is at 15.6% cash and 16.1% GAAP, which is pretty amazing when you consider the large number of new Class A facilities we've delivered during the past few years in core markets.  Solid occupancy. We were at 94.8% across 28.8 million square feet in the operating portfolio, and taking into account lease-up opportunities at 2 recent key projects in San Diego and South San Francisco, would otherwise be at 97.1%.  Finally, market health. Alexandria's core clusters have experienced no significant lab subleases coming to market during the pandemic, an important harbinger for Alexandria's ability to continue solid occupancy levels and consistent cash and GAAP rental rate increases for the balance of the year. As an additional data point, the lab demand has remained steady in the San Francisco Bay area with 2.3 million square feet today versus 2.2 million square feet during Q2 2019. A few requirements were, in fact, on pause during Q2, but we are actively touring prospects again. Tech demand, however, is weaker, falling by approximately 50% compared with 1 year ago, and we will be closely monitoring this segment over the coming months.  In conclusion, the Alexandria team is fully engaged, providing operational excellence and importantly, Alexandria's long-term and historic commitment to the life science industry, as evidenced by the fact that the vast majority of leasing this quarter is with executive management teams we worked with as a trusted partner for many years and in some instances, decades. This is a truly unique and irreplaceable competitive advantage and one we relentlessly pursue in an honorable fashion each and every day.  With that, I'll hand it off to Peter. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Sure. Manny, it's Steve. Manny, I'd say it's a combination of both. You have existing platforms that the capital markets are very liquid. As Joel was mentioning and Jenna, the strength of the venture and IPO markets, we know of a company that did a virtual road show and went public during this time. So they're using that capital, both for their existing platforms and for any COVID initiatives. In addition to that, we're also seeing manufacturing become a real and viable dimension as well, which is further driving demand. So you've really got 2 elements, the COVID R&D and then the COVID kind of very early manufacturing as well continuing to drive demand. And that is broad-based across a number of markets. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes, Sheila, a couple of things there. Again, it has, as we've talked about for a number of quarters, been broad-based across nearly all markets. As I did highlight, San Diego, in particular, was kind of a standout there. But nevertheless, all markets were contributing.  No, not necessarily surprising. The impetus for space, the sense of urgency is still there. Literally, 78% were early renewals during this Q2 time period. So we have very, very close long-standing relationships with these tenants. So this was to be expected during this quarter. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Jamie, Steve here. Yes, if you look at tech demand from San Francisco down to the peninsula, say, Palo Alto as I referenced, it has fallen by about half. We had a little over 7 million square feet of demand this time last year. Now it's about 3.5 million. I think a lot of that is as a result of exactly what Peter is saying. People are navigating this. In the scheme of things, it's still kind of early innings as to the outcome. So we're certainly monitoring it closely. Having said that, the context is -- SoMa, for instance, now has a 4% vacancy rate versus 1.3% vacancy rate. When you've got big floor plates, kind of lower mid-rise construction in those areas, which is probably more desirable COVID-wise, the peninsula has gone from 7% to 9.9%. So on a relative context, it's still healthy there.  And then I talked with somebody this morning who had a little bit of insight into Google's stay at home until summer '21. And their understanding, chatting with people at Google is it's really primarily driven by the school year. They were trying to provide certainty to families as the next school year is still highly uncertain. And ultimately, it's voluntary at this point. So we're monitoring it closely. We are getting direct intel. I think it's still kind of early innings, and we'll keep everybody updated as it unfolds. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes. Dave, it's Steve. Yes, we just got about 3% to resolve back in the second half of the year here. We started at 6.7% so we're already 60%, 70% through that. We've really just got 3 different suites, San Francisco, Boston, San Diego, that are in excess of 70,000 feet. So nothing overly challenging. I think we're making good progress on one of them. Another one, I think we'll be able to reposition successfully. So yes, nothing to be too concerned about there in 2020, for sure.  And then '21, again, when you look at the early renewals, we've only got 5.7% in rollovers happening in '21. So we'd expect kind of consistent with what we've seen historically with early renewals and just a handful of any size, over 70,000 feet, just a couple there. 
Stephen A. Richardson: And I can confirm that we know they're going into it. So we put a lot of carry costs into our future basis as we underwrite these things. 
Dean Shigenaga: So Manny, let me kick off with a little color. If you look back over probably 5 to 7 years now, we pretty much have been consistent with our sources of capital being from a range of opportunities to blend our long-term cost to capital, and dispositions have been a component going back to 2014, 2015 now. A lot of them have ranged from a partial interest sale, and these are high-valued core assets that we want to retain an ownership in. And so I would say, without getting into a whole lot of details because the deal flow is in process right now, we're looking at opportunities from an outright sale to partial interest sales. These are high-value assets in order to generate some equity capital to reinvest in the business.  And then, Manny, just touching on the difference between dispositions and equity capital, there obviously are considerations to be taken when you consider both. I think, for us, it's always been a blend of capital. And our cost of equity has been fairly attractive over the time that I was chatting about since 2014, '15. Looking forward -- and our multiple has only improved, which has improved our cost of equity capital.  I do think though it's still prudent to consider dispositions from time to time. And as a result, our program for 2020, given the needs for our business this year, we felt it was prudent to balance the equity needs with some dispositions. I think as we give some color to that program over the coming quarter or so, it will help bring a little more clarity to what we're focused on here. So I think you'll have to stay tuned for market information and details for at least a quarter. 
Dean Shigenaga: It -- I think, for the most part, is being absorbed over about 4 quarters, Dave? Generally, those numbers we update every quarter. And on average, almost all of it is rolling in over 4 quarters. The number is updated the next quarter because some has come in and some deliveries may have occurred. So over time, it's a different mix. But historically, it's generally been burning off over 4 quarters. 
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. I think pretty consistent, Dave, with what I've mentioned over the last few quarters. The portfolio has done well. And I think you pointed that out. But the run rate I touched on specifically, it's averaging $15.3 million per quarter, maybe a little bit upward this quarter at $17 million approaching $18 million. So that run rate historically, I think, is a good view for how you should think about the run rate over the next number of quarters. We -- I think it's prudent for us to monetize some of these investments at this point. We've made money. Some of them might -- we believe strongly, and we'll make more money, so we're going to hold a number of them. But I think it's prudent to prune. So you should have a decent run rate looking forward. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. You could also note, Manny, that there was an announcement yesterday that the U.S. government would loan Eastman Kodak, a company that failed to adopt Jim Collins' notion of change, $765 million as part of a wider attempt to bring pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing back to the United States. So I think you're going to see a lot of activity in the entire supply chain issue when it comes to biopharma. 
Joel Marcus: Well, we already do, and some of them are embedded in assets we own. Some are dedicated manufacturing. Others are pilot manufacturing or other clinical trial, scale manufacturing. It kind of spans the gamut. But yes, we're finding that there is a need, I think, hopefully, that we can bring a bunch of the critical manufacturing and other supply chain needs of biopharma products back from overseas, including China, for our own protection. And yes, we are very interested. And now we wouldn't be interested in a random manufacturing in the middle of nowhere. But if they're in strong submarkets that are tied to core markets, that's a good thing. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. I'm not sure I want to comment out about 100 days. I think on the third quarter call, it will be better. We'll have a more triangulated view who Biden's Vice President is. We don't know that yet. It's very important who may be in the cabinet. But to me, it's a worry for everybody because to elect somebody who may not be in the best of health would be a worry there, and that's unfortunate. It's too bad we don't have 2 45- or 50-year-olds running, but that's the way it worked. So I think I'll reserve comment until the third quarter, and we'll have a better view on things.  The other part of your question, I'm sorry, I forgot. 
Joel Marcus: It's a pretty broad question. I don't know, maybe try to be more specific, if you could, because I'm not sure we want to get into acquisition pipeline discussions or things like that until we can actually disclose something. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think the 3 sectors, generally, people are seeing today that have been fairly COVID-resistant or resilient is obviously logistics, data centers, life science. There are others, but those have been the primary ones. And so it's natural for people to think about how do I do this. But it's a lot more difficult in a sense because it's not like a company is moving into a generic office. These are fairly mission-critical facilities for companies and entities, and they really don't -- they're pretty picky about locations. They're pretty picky about the details of the improvements in the deliveries and the certifications and things like that and how they're going to operate. So there may be money and so forth. But if people mess up, they won't be given a second chance by tenants. That's for darn sure because when you have millions of dollars of experiments at stake, it's different if you're JPMorgan in an office versus a COVID therapeutics company and something goes wrong. So that's kind of a perspective. 
Joel Marcus: Well, so first, let me correct the characterization. I don't think I was being cagey. I think, honestly, when we reported the end of April, I think, in the first quarter, think about we had only been shelter-in-place for 45 days. And so when the executive management team looked at our balance sheet, which is in great shape and looked at our prospects, at our pipeline, we wanted to be really careful having lived through '99, 2000, having lived through '08, '09. We wanted to be very careful about really reining back our commitments. And so we did do that in a very, very, I thought, thoughtful and careful way. So I don't think it was caginess at all. It was really one out of concern that we don't know what this thing is. I mean we know what it is, but we don't know what damage it can do, COVID-19. We don't know -- we had no real information from China as to what went on there in places that were hard hit and so forth. It just was a very nontransparent situation. So none of us had any idea what to -- what it was going to happen. So we had to be very conservative about our go-forward game plan.  But I think as time wore on in the second quarter and it was clear that the industry was really being marshaled to really come up, as Jim had talked about, whether it's testing, the diagnostics side, therapeutic side and importantly, the all-important vaccine side, the government's real ramp up, especially on this Warp Speed project on the vaccine or Warp Speed project. I think it gave us better confidence that we could ease our concerns and go back to a more growth plan, but still, I think, carefully guarded. Now some of the acquisitions -- I mean, acquisitions don't hang on for months and months. So I'm not sure there were a lot that were before that we may be still looking at, and there are processes that go on. But I think from time to time, people see a pretty buoyant real estate market. Peter cited pretty low cap rates on secondary location assets that are pretty strong. So people are thinking of maybe trying to maybe exit or other people are trying to come in. And I think we've just tried to be super thoughtful and super smart and disciplined, most importantly. We learned that from the teachings of Jim Collins about what we do and how we do it. I think the Arsenal that I think Peter, Steve alluded to, campus that we bought last quarter in Watertown is a great example. So I think that's how we have journeyed through this last couple of months. 
Joel Marcus: Well, let me say, overall in Seattle, where we have an important presence there. We started back in 1996. So we've been in that market for a long time, and it's an important market for us. It is one of the markets that, thankfully, has taken advantage of the confluence of life science and information technology. We just topped out Adaptive's building on the lake at Eastlake Union 1165. We're building for them and the big -- or a big joint venture with Microsoft focused on COVID-19 issues.  We have a very small presence in Pioneer Square that we kind of put our toe in the water a couple of years ago. I think the most recent acquisitions are south of that, so they're really not in Pioneer Square. They're more really in the Stadium area, and those are more long-term kind of thinking. But we just want to be careful because Seattle has been one of those hotspots for civil unrest. And some people have attacked, I think, without any real fair balance on -- they've gone after Amazon and Starbucks. Starbucks certainly is one of the most heralded and great companies. Amazon certainly is. But Starbucks, in particular, has done a great job for, I think, people. And so you see some of that stuff that's pretty disconcerting. But we hope that comes under control and that the city and the state really try to really go forward with a very positive game plan. So I think it's a little bit of a wait and see on some of those things. But that was a little bit forward thinking. I'm not sure we would -- those wouldn't be coming to the -- in the development in the near term, for sure. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think the answer is a simple yes. I think it's an add-on. It's a bolt-on. Some companies, it's dramatic. Other companies, it may not be existent. In other companies, it may be more minor. But the answer is yes. And the amount of money going into this because think about there's testing, all kinds of diagnostics, then you've got the holy grail of therapeutics and vaccines. So -- and then remember, COVID-19 isn't likely to be the last infectious disease agent that we see. I mean I think people worry about -- I mean the big worry would be would somebody try to weaponize these things so you get into a whole government need to prevent -- or to stockpile antibiological agents. So this is a big, big thing that's going to go on for quite a while here. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think Mike Carroll just asked that question maybe in a different way. I think every situation is different. So I don't think there's -- we don't want to characterize anything at this point. So I'm not sure it's good to think about one way or another just -- they'll be what they'll be, and they'll stand on their own. And let's just wait for each one to unfold as appropriate. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. Just thank you, everybody. Please stay safe and be well, and we'll talk to you on the third quarter call. Thank you again very much. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, sure. This is Peter. I have sat in on some calls with a committee that is running the campaign against it. They feel like there's a better than 50% chance it does not pass, but I'm sure it's tight enough to make everybody a little bit nervous. I think we're in good shape because a number of our assets in California are -- were developed by us in the last few years. So I don't think from a -- and plus we have a triple net lease structure so we would fare better than others. But given the current economy, I don't think it would be good news to help California out of its troubles by making it harder to do business. 
Peter M. Moglia: I think Steve can talk to the San Francisco specifics, but I think there's been a lot of talk over whether or not offices is going away or not. I think the consensus is that things are going to work differently that the majority of people, 75% to 90%, depending on the survey you look at, want to go to work. They want to separate their home life from work. I know I personally do because it just becomes very odd to live your life in a constant state of work. But the advantages are becoming more and more apparent. It's very difficult to train people when they work from home. So you're onboarding people on a Zoom. Very difficult to transfer your culture. How do you celebrate a win? How do you commiserate a loss? You're not going to just get on Zoom and say, "Hey, let's celebrate." You're in the office, something great happens. You high-five your colleagues, everybody goes and gets a cup of coffee or whatever and talks about it and just develops a bond. That does not work on Zoom. Same thing when you lose a deal, the debrief, the commiseration. What did we do wrong? How can we do better next time? Ideas, strategies in front of a whiteboard. One of my rare trips into the office recently was to meet somebody so we could get on a whiteboard because we needed a storyboard presentation. And I just couldn't do it on Zoom.  So I think companies are going to realize that for retaining employees, they're going to have to establish a culture with those employees because otherwise, it just becomes a battle of salary and benefits. If people don't really feel connected to the company, why should they stay there? Somebody else is offering a few more shillings.  So I think you're going to hear more and more about that. I think we've done really well as a business community in the United States in managing productivity and keeping it going. But I think cracks are starting to appear, and that's what that article kind of goes into. I don't know, Steve, if you want to talk about the tech company. 
Peter M. Moglia: There's been a pretty large cohort of investors that we've been tracking ever since we started selling assets in '13. I don't think the mix of them has changed much. It's just they're probably a little bit more aggressive today. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. It's funny. It's like 2 things that just offset each other. On the one hand, there's less staff, and we are submitting plans for permits and things, and they're going to people that are working from home. So that would say, "'Jeez, inefficiency, timing delays." But on the other hand, nobody else is developing really much anymore. So the activity is down. So I think that net-net, we're going to be fine as far as getting our permits and things like that. To the extent that something needed to be done, and I hear public hearing or something, it can get a little tricky. But so far, we've been able to get through those hurdles. 
Peter M. Moglia: We actually have been analyzing that in detail. I know Dean and I have both been looking at it. It's all theoretical right now that the pace of work could slow down, taking pressure off material and labor costs. I will say we haven't seen it yet, but it would -- it wouldn't be unreasonable to think that at least costs would flatten out. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. So let me jump in and say, I think we'd prefer not to comment on those. But just I think Dean mentioned, stay tuned for third quarter. It just can't do it at the moment. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. Everyone is totally different. So if you looked at -- I mean, 2 examples, I mentioned the question on Seattle, that's more into-the-future development site. And if you compare that to, say, the Watertown, that would be maybe more in the near to medium term. So each one is different based on the campus, the location, what's going on, demand, what's going on in that market. So there's no general way to generalize. Each one is highly specific and kind of cultivated. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. Again, each one is different. So let us not characterize anything at the moment. Sorry about that. 
