Joel Marcus: Thanks Tony, I think it's an important and relevant question, one we've been looking hard at. I think you are going to see far less M&A at the top level, the top 15 big pharmas, all of which actually are clients of ours. And you are going to see more of what you see today I think, at least rumor and some announcements out that Sanofi is looking potentially to bear hug or buy Genzyme. So I think you are going to see a transformation of big pharma, who have great balance sheets, lots of capital and they are re-building significantly their pipelines. They will be, I think actually over time looking to expand in the critical adjacency locations. And that will also be, not only at the research level but on the product sales level, looking at buying companies intact, keeping them operating for sales from significant products. So I think you are going to see a melding of some of the big biotechs and some of the big pharmas. But I would expect to see a continual increase. I can't predict the rate at what that increase will be. We just heard, for example that Roche, after they have essentially integrated the Genentech operation are now looking at their future expansion plans. There is always a period of time; sometimes its a few months, sometimes it's longer after acquisition to look at how they rationalize themselves. I think where you are going to see significant cutbacks, a lot of sales of remote manufacturing facilities, a lot of ending of leases of sales and marketing offices to firm those down. There'll be some, obviously research changes and cutbacks. There will be significant ones on main campuses, but we don't see any trend toward these companies cutting back major research in the core areas, and if you stay close to the major institutions, I think will continue to see a positive trend. How much to measure that, but I don't think we can predict at this point. But it's pretty clear, these companies are becoming bigger, they're being more fully integrated, they're broadening their platforms. Each of these companies will look like, instead of pure drug companies they'll look like integrated healthcare, service and product companies over time. And I think given the expansion of coverage, which is pretty dramatic under the new healthcare bill and the fact that there won't be a governmentally run system, I think certainly augers well for the future. I said all along, and I think most people say all along, the only way truly to contain healthcare cost will be from cost-effective diagnostic and predictive products and ones that ultimately can treat and maybe some day cure these diseases. There are a number of treatments in process of clinical trials now. There is one first cancer stem cell product ever in clinical trial that has shown in phase I and early phase II efficacy studies an amazing impact on a broad range, more than 12 different cancers with no side effects. And what that could auger over time is an elimination or a diminution of reliance on radiation and chemotherapy. So a long-winded answer, but hopefully that's helpful.
Joel Marcus: There are three assets in total. The first one is 33,000 square feet, where we're negotiating on that space today. So we're in pretty good shape there. There are two other projects, a 113,000 square foot facility that continues through the redevelopment process, but we're still at the marketing stage, from the disclosures obviously, and working through very early, early opportunities, but nothing beyond that that gives us confidence to show it as negotiating or committed at the moment. Lastly, there is a 30,000 square foot building, multi-tenant arrangement, which I think will be successful, resolving in the near term as well, just given its location and size requirements that I think will nicely fit the market requirements in the coming quarters.
Joel Marcus: Actually, I'd say there is a few that we don't spend much money on at all. On a few that we have some CapEx, it's fairly nominal, it's not much above that. The only way you can average that consistently is, you don't have any major CapEx going into re-tenanting on your leasing. And you can see on page 42, we have a historical chart that highlights over a five-year average for CapEx, for TIs and leasing costs both on a re-tenanted basis and on a renewal basis, both of which average anywhere from $3 to $5, depending on what category you're looking at.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I mean I think that is the game plan. And they're doing it by, I think there's really three major ways, there's probably many more, but the three major ways, one is refocusing their R&D out of kind of these silo campuses in locations that are pretty remote and not interactive. And each of them, each of the top 15, all of which are our clients have made consorted efforts to do that. Novartis is maybe the best example, got out of Basel, Switzerland for their R&D headquarters and moved into Cambridge a couple of years ago. And quite a number have done something very similar either in lots or in pieces, because they know that being at the touch point of innovation is critical. If you go back to the quote I had in the earlier part of my formal presentation by the Bayer site head, it was exactly that thing. Bayer right now owns a big campus in Richmond on the East Bay which is north side of the East Bay, they own it. It's at some cost, but they decided they can't interact from that standpoint because it's very remote and it's just not an interactive location; that's what brought them to Mission Bay. So that's number one for replenishment. Number two is acquisitions by buying diversified businesses. Again Novartis, this year or last year, maybe I can't remember, bought Alcon Eyecare for about $40 billion. They believe that the ophthalmic business, which I think is true given the ageing and the population, is going to be a huge home run. And that was a big diversification, so that's going to drive revenues and pipeline of products. And then the third is more a classic M&A buying either a smaller pharma or a biotech or somebody else in a product or service area that can help, again, continue to bolster revenues. Those are the three major ways they are doing it.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think it depends. Obviously, over the past year or two Pfizer did buy Wyeth, which was pretty huge, but obviously with the debacle in the credit and financial markets I think you saw a lot less of that. So that was not so available obviously, either using cash or stock as currency. I don't think it's going at be at any torrid pace, but I think you'll see it selectively and strategically from time to time. And some companies, that's not their way of going forward, but some are pretty important. I mean Pfizer bought Wyeth essentially to buy a biological business because they didn't have one, and they had a pretty big patent cliff coming up. So for them it was a pretty smart acquisition.
Joel Marcus: Yes, the FDA approves about 25 to 30 products a year. So depending upon who's got those products in the pipeline, certainly pharma could look at those as a natural opportunity for acquisitions. But remember, it's not all about acquisitions. Over the past two years, I think I commented, partnering transactions doubled from about $20 billion to almost $40 billion from '08 to '09, but big pharmas are very aggressive these days, both at the venture level and at partnering their products with biotech companies. So that's actually almost a preferred way more than M&A.
Joel Marcus: Sure, Jamie. I think when it comes to the university and institutional on-campus or immediately off-campus redevelopment and development, that's not only development, but it's looking at buildings that exist for potential redevelopment. Those are somewhat of a long-term type of program, because they involve some pretty sophisticated financing issues on campus that may be under non-profit or tax-exempt bond indenture. They also involve if you have state universities with fairly complex approval processes and just the whole negotiation cycle and so forth. So we think it's a very important program. We think it's a long-term multiyear program. I was just at one of lead campus that is looking at doing some pretty major things, again given the way the market has reacted. But these things take a lot of time in their relationship building and they're focused on particular sites of buildings that exist. So I would say don't look at those as short term, but those are really long opportunities. But we think they are important, because they represent great opportunities for high-quality tenants and very long-term leases. When you move to East river, I think I have a fairly comfortable view of always timing is always a little hard. I remember when we were negotiating with Eli Lilly, I think that negotiation took something like four to six months, but it was very friendly. But it's a very complex set of negotiations left even I mean that lease is a complex document, work letter and so forth. But the programming and the test bit for the state and the sophistication of the state takes an enormous amount of time which you don't really have in say more generic office or industrial. But I think as I said I believe there is never any assurance until it's done. But I believe we have a very high probability of success at stabilizing East River by year end. And I think each of the in process transaction that I alluded to, I think I have a reasonably good chance of happening.
Joel Marcus: I would say probably not so much that. You have to remember, some of these are ground leases some may be fee development, some may be off-campus joint venture arrangement. They are pretty sophisticated kind of things. I think fee development could emerge, that certainly would be of interest to us, asset management would be as well. So I see a number of different revenue sources coming from these relationships and once you have a broad relationship with an entity, you can imagine what the size of some of these campuses. It's pretty valuable. But we will obviously need to bring our test tube and our model forward and say, "Hey here's a real one. This has happened, and this is how it's planned, played out." And we hope to do that in the future for sure. Because we do think it's a big future opportunity for the company.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think if Sanofi or somebody else was to buy them, I don't see that they are going to change a whole lot of things, I mean I think they may consider melding. I actually know Chris Viehbacher reasonably well. I've they have considered moving worldwide research from France to Cambridge. That hasn't happened yet, but if for some reason this happens, that might be an instigation point to try to that. And then they would look at combining their research with Genzyme's. It isn't really duplicative or overlapping. And the administrative side isn't particularly huge. Buying it actually would be a good fit, and I think if that happened it may be a growth point for more Sanofi in this country.
Joel Marcus: I am not sure I want to characterize it other than what dean said we see some transactions that could be for a couple of million dollars and we've got several that are their way through processes to something that could be north of $100 million dollars. I don't think we want to be more specific than that given; certain things are actually in the market today. But I think it's significant and important and the nature of the transaction probably most will be pure ramp sales, but we've opened up the possibility of contributions. But I think by and large you'll see more out right sales. Beyond that I am not sure we can characterize things. If you ask about timing, timing is always difficult to say, but I would think that we would have one significant transaction hopefully accomplished by year end, and that would be important as Dean said, both from the standpoint of significant capital and also very importantly from the standpoint of establishing really a data point, an important data point for valuation of real estate because had the market not really crashed and we had not gone through these past two years, we wouldn't have this situation. But I think today, a lot of people are really undecided about where land values really ought to be, given the overall market and the macro economy. But I think you will see as Dean said, and hopefully you will see some very positive data points there.
Joel Marcus: Well I think if you hearken back to kind of '06, '07 timeframe we had actually two and I think we reported back quite a number. I don't know may be two years before that financial debacle, we had two term sheets for the East River science project. We liked them both, but one of which we really liked is, we really like the parties and we were going forward with that we have negotiated the terms and conditions. And the big issue there was construction financing, and so we were headed into that phase of it. This was September of '08. Obviously then Lehman declared bankruptcy and all hell broke loose. So the fact that that joint venture fall apart, I guess we declare Force Majeure or something like that. That's done and then as it turns out we were successful with Lilly lease and there is no reason for construction financing any more. We are ready to deliver the building here over the coming quarters etcetera. But rather than a joint venture like that which was really a third party money joint venture, we've had some pretty detailed discussions I think on two types. One would be on operating or value add projects where a money source would team with us to do a series of projects. And I think, I can't give you time and frame and so whether it will happen or not. But that's something we're pretty actively involved with. And then the second one would be a venture that would be with a user that I've mentioned before. We would put up potentially a land parcel and the user who had capital and a very low cost of capital; we'll put up capital to build the building. We would do that and essentially have kind of a JV if you will, build to suit. Don't know how those will emerge over time, that's a kind of characterizations of discussions that we have to help move our future efforts ahead. So I'd say stay tuned but there is no guarantees there. But they certainly could emerge.
Joel Marcus: So we have obviously, five buildings, a total of about 1.7 million square feet along the East Cambridge, Binney Street corridor. There is one of the parcels which is at 225 Binney, which could build about 338,000 square feet isn't immediately connected. It's kind of separated by a full street, and set of buildings. That could be one that could easily be sold if a user wanted it. It also is in an area where there are a number of datacenters. So that's been an area of interest for us potentially. I think the others cluster very, very well, nicely, and they're all kind of adjoining, almost kitty-corner across the single intersection. As I said, we have ongoing discussions with a number of users. And I would say this is not particularly long-term. And we're also working on, pretty intensively, on site planning and design of each of the buildings, so that if we have a tenant, we'll be ready to go sooner than if we started from scratch. So I would say, yes, they're more in the short-to-medium term than the long-term push.
Joel Marcus: Well, the one in 225 Binney, which is separate from the cluster of the other four buildings, which is 338,000 square feet of entitlement, that would be one. We haven't put it up for sale. And we had some discussion. That would be one that could easily be carved off. We don't currently have any instant plan. So like market it like that, but in talking to potential tenants, if somebody was interested, we clearly would look at that as an alternative for sure.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think originally, our internal numbers were three years from opening, which is September. But I think we're probably two years ahead of that. So I would say it'll be delivered sequentially as tenants take down space. But it'll be through probably the end of this year and through the first quarter or two of 2011. But Lilly will start to move in next month. And the restaurant will, the conference center will, we've got the first small tenant on our two lab space, or as will. And then I've given you kind of an update on where we are on other negotiations. And most of the negotiations on the two floors of built-up space, the larger one is shelf space, so we could deliver that pretty quickly on other larger space. So the answer is yes, with luck, we may be able to do it even sooner than we're planning.
Joel Marcus: I would say we're really more focused domestically. We have a building in South China that we are getting very close to completing, that will go to market either for lease or for sale probably, this quarter, which is third quarter. And we will probably extricate ourselves from that location. And then we have two buildings that we are working on, probably getting close over the next couple of quarters to finishing shell completion and we have negotiations ongoing with several tenants to take space in those buildings and that's in northern China. Beyond that I would say, at this point we don't have anything material going on.
Joel Marcus: Well, we're working to look at opportunities in India, but India is a long term opportunity set that we are interested in all of Asia actually. But, I'd say at this point nothing material to report.
Joel Marcus: He's already been replaced, but he's actually very actively working with the company in a number of ways, so he's very hands on. But Peter Moglia has actually stepped into his duties and responsibilities as Chief Investment Officer.
Joel Marcus: Okay, thank you very much. We look forward to talking to you late October. Thanks again, everybody. 
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, and I think the other thing to keep in mind Tony, especially on the 113,000, this is somewhat of more suburban oriented, it's a cheaper facility, it has an ability to accommodate kind of a broad range of users. And so we're expanding our search for users there beyond just pure R&D life science. So we hope hopefully to have some takers on that.
Dean Shigenaga: I was with somebody, I think it was last week in one of the markets, and they actually commented to me, which was pretty interesting, a publicly traded REIT that their space, when it rolls, they pretty much have to demo everything and redo it almost every time. It's not our product type, it's a different type. But they were kind of marveling because they had one lab asset in their portfolio, and they were marveling that they wanted some advice on re-leasing it to a particular tenant. And they were amazed that they could utilize virtually all of the infrastructure for re-leasing. It's not their focus, but we're looking at it as a possible acquisition obviously; but kind of interesting.
Dean Shigenaga: Nothing has changed in our outlook. Our guidance has held strong in the sense that we think we can convey and that FFO would grow through the year. And on the back half of this year, we have a number of projects both on the redevelopment and development side coming online. You can tell by our in-service days. And our leasing status, we're in pretty good shape. As an example, even just the New York project, we have FFO contributions starting in the third quarter, with Lilly lease coming online. And the remainder of that space being although leased, near the end of the year, not a significant amount of FFO contribution this year just on that one particular project, but I think you'll get almost a full quarter's worth coming on in Q1 of '11 for that one project in New York. And you have same-store performance being positive this year, leasing activity being positive, which is also contributing to results as well.
Dean Shigenaga: No. That's actually not possible to occur because, once they are signed, you can't get out of them. But what happens, the lease column; this is page 30 of the supplemental, for those that don't have it in front of them quite yet, the lease column for 2010 and 2011, which breaks down the categories of the rolls. The lease column represents a lease that was executed post the reporting period, so in this case post June 30. Or, it could also be a combination of leases that are rolling later in the year that have been executed with a new tenant taking the space. So, as that lease is then delivered and it's no longer expiring, in other words, that portion that you commented on in the lease category, Michael, was delivered in the quarter, in the second quarter. So it changes as that activity is actually delivered.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, you might have missed my comment, or in the early part of my commentary. But really it represents new leases that were executed in the quarter, short-term in nature. One example I gave was a month-to-month tenant, which has actually been in the portfolio for quite some time, but they have been on a month-to-month lease for a number of quarters, executed a nine month lease. It's still short-term in nature, so it ended up being an expiring lease that went from a month-to-month on an expected renewal to an expiring lease in the 261,000 square feet. So it's a combination of several short-term leases that were executed, and I mentioned earlier in my comments that we expect most of those to renew again on a short-term to medium-term basis.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, the projects typically are always accretive both development and redevelopment side. The difference between the churn on your investment and the capitalization on your investment I think is what you're getting at, and there is a positive spread on each of the projects.
Dean Shigenaga: No, every asset that is delivered with cash flows will generate a spread to FFO. Meaning the capitalization obviously is embedded in FFO and your yield on your space as you deliver it, I can't think of a circumstance at the moment, where it's short of the contribution to FFO while it is under construction. So yes, in every circumstance, as it's delivered and placed into service, you'll see a positive spread and a boost to FFO.
Dean Shigenaga: I haven't broken it down quarter-to-quarter, but I can tell you the development pipeline in total, upon stabilization, will probably generate something north of $45 million of NOI. The redevelopments could generate probably somewhere around low $20 million of NOI contribution. That's an aggregate upon delivery of all the product.
Dean Shigenaga: Sorry, Will, that was my comment. What I was referring to was when I think Quentin had asked the question about NOI contribution from developments and redevelopments. What I was referencing on the north of $20 million was NOI contribution estimates for the entire redevelopment program, or the assets that are under redevelopment today.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, not that I would say that are comparable to the average asset or property in our portfolio today. And that's why our comment earlier about the future sales of a few of our parcels being significant with significant gains will, I think provide a real nice data point, real relevant to our landholdings. And hopefully help the investment community make reasonable and conservative assumptions to value our landholdings. But on these stabilized side, we haven't seen anything that would be a real good comp recently.
Dean Shigenaga: Keep in mind, Jim is still on our Board of Directors, he's still a member of the Board. And he is still a consultant to the company.
