Stephen Richardson: Thank you, Joel. Alexandria as an innovator and leader in creating first-in-class life science clusters is very pleased to report healthy lab real estate fundamentals, featuring strong demand against the backdrop of constrained supply, and important to note, severely constrained supply in a few of our key submarkets that we'll detail in the following comments. Very quickly, 2018 was an absolutely excellent year. The highlights include a cash rent increase of 14.1%. Important to note that this is the highest during the past 10 years. 4.7 million square feet of leasing, the second highest during Alexandria's nearly 25-year history. And this stat, I think, is critically important that percentage of early renewals and re-leasing this past year was 71%. And what's underneath that is a clear indication of a sense of urgency in the market amongst our client tenants. The quarter highlights include rental rate increases of 11.4% cash and an increase of $41 million in rental revenue, primarily due to the delivery of 300,000 square feet leased on a long-term basis to Merck in South San Francisco and Takeda in San Diego, both high-quality, investment-grade pharmaceutical companies. Other key leases include Dendreon leasing 76,000 square feet in Seattle. That alone was a 44% GAAP increase, which is really a testament to the value and durability of Alexandria designed and operated lab improvements. Moving onto the East Coast. Gates Medical leased 52,000 square feet at [indiscernible] in Cambridge. An important GSA lab tenant leased 64,000 square feet at five Research in Maryland. Regenxbio also leased 132,000 square feet at a new project we have in Maryland. We also have an investment-grade pharmaceutical company that leased 66,000 square feet at a redevelopment project at 681 Gateway in South San Francisco. And finally, a very exciting early stage company insitro leased 35,000 square feet in South San Francisco as well. Our leadership role in the country's leading life science clusters enable us to capitalize on these very solid lab real estate fundamentals. At the outset, I referenced a severely constrained supply dynamic and the details below include the Cambridge market with just a 1.1% vacancy rate with the lab demand at 2.1 million square feet, paired with another 1.9 million square feet of technology demand. Mission Bay and San Francisco has a 0% vacancy rate and Greater Stanford down on the peninsula has a 1.6% vacancy rate. Overall, the San Francisco region's life science demand remained strong at 2.5 million square feet, while tech demand has actually increased to 7.8 million square feet in the area from San Francisco to Palo Alto. We are monitoring supply in South San Francisco with a potential for 2 new projects from new entrants in the market there. Moving north, Seattle's life science cluster in South Lake Union has become even tighter with the vacancy rate of less than 1% and lab demand increasing to 611,000 square feet. And important to note that this is against the backdrop of more than 3 million square feet of tech demand. On the southern part of the West Coast, San Diego's UTC and Torrey Pines submarkets have a direct vacancy of 6.8%. And as well, we are seeing an increase of lab demand there to 1.6 million square feet. And finally, Maryland is healthy with nearly 500,000 square feet of demand and just a 4.6% vacancy rate. I think the clear takeaway here is that the solid lab real estate fundamentals continue to be driven by the success of the life science industry, as Joel outlined. Alexandria as a trusted partner to the entire life science ecosystem is oftentimes collaborating with its clients for many months and even years on new projects. Page 33 of the supplemental details the accomplishments of our fully integrated, underwriting leasing and construction teams during the past 10 years with 4.1 million square feet 100% leased and 3 million square feet 30% -- 36% leased at the start of these Class A projects. As we consider new starts in our core markets that will continue to drive NAV, we will closely monitor these lab real estate fundamentals and continue leveraging our unique and strategic insights. Take it away, Peter.
Stephen Richardson: Jamie, it's Steve here. Yes, sure. As we look at the 2020 deliveries, we've got 5 different buildings that total about 560,000 square feet. In those projects right now, we're 81% leased, another 2% negotiating, so very substantially resolved in the 83% range there. We do have a number of other projects totaling about 1.3 million square feet slated for deliveries later in 2020. We're in active discussions with groups at a number of those projects, and we look forward to updating everybody as the year progresses.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. We've got couple down in San Diego and then the two projects at Medical Center Drive in Maryland.
Stephen Richardson: Manny, it's Steve here. Look, there's always a balance and I think we've been pretty consistent with that. These are repeat clients, multi-market clients. I think you've seen very significant statistics. With the outset, we referenced the highest cash increase this past year. So I don't think we've been shy at all about pushing rents. So we continue to engage on a long-term basis with these tenants, and I think we are hitting the mark and capturing the full value there. So stay tuned as the development pipeline continues to get leased up.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. And to add to that, Manny, I think you see the early renewals and that one of the all-time highs at 71%. Clearly, the sense of urgency there, locking down space, figuring out how to expand when it's a high-class problem, but that is a challenge we have in a number of our markets.
Stephen Richardson: Sheila, it's Steve here. Having been in that market for 35 years, it was historically very well balanced between life science and technology. I mean, you had some very strong brand names down there with -- Merck historically has been a tenant in Stanford Research Park, Syntex, Alza and others. And what we've seen over time is tech has become larger and larger with Google, in particular, Facebook, even Apple begin crowding out to life science industry there. There is still strong demand for serial entrepreneurs, the venture capital on Sand Hill Road for people to be in that Greater Stanford cluster. So as we look at this very strategically, certainly with the acquisition in the Research Park, building out as we will the first new Class A lab facilities in San Carlos in over 20, 25 years, we think this is critically important to the industry and we've heard that directly from clients that we've worked with for a long, long time.
Stephen Richardson: Michael, it's Steve Richardson. Sure, I think as we've listed in the supplemental there, we've got a project in South San Francisco on Haskins Way. So we're beginning to do the predevelopment work and horizontal infrastructure. As I had talked about earlier down in the Greater Stanford cluster, the 825, 835 Industrial Road project as well, we're doing predevelopment work there down in San Diego at 3115 Merryfield, again, predevelopment work there; 1165 Eastlake. And these are all in markets where we don't have significant availabilities, and these are the result of ongoing conversations that we have with our client tenant base. So I just want to be clear on how these decisions are being made and how we're informing our plans to move forward, and I think 1165 Eastlake is a perfect case in point. The 1818 project has done extremely well. And then finally, down in North Carolina, as Joel and Peter were just commenting, the great success at 5 Lab Drive is leading us to start doing predevelopment work, getting 9 Lab Drive. And then 6 Davis Drive is also getting build-to-suit interest, very early discussions down there. So that kind of rounds out the 2020 deliveries, as we've been detailing them in the supplemental.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, I think what we've done historically, Michael, is we've looked at the predevelopment work and the horizontal work as necessary from a speed-to-market perspective, but then we monitor these very closely before we actually make the big capital investment and going vertically. And at that point, that's when we really look at having some type of kickoff tenant or anchor tenant in these projects. And as I detailed in my prepared remarks, 4 million square feet at the time of kickoff were fully leased at 100%, and the other 3.1 million square feet were roughly 1/3 leased, so very significant and on both accounts, whether we were multi-tenant or single tenant.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, maybe stepping back at the Bay Area, we just had a strategic planning meeting, and I think what was highlighted is we are very, very well balanced in kind of the 4 key clusters, the SoMa market, the Mission Bay market, South San Francisco and Greater Stanford market, so not really overweight in any one market. We've been 100% leased in the region now for a number of years. South San Francisco continues to be a critically important market to us, and we think the Haskins project will provide a great platform for a number of different types of companies. Peter had highlighted it, 681 Gateway. We fully resolved that in very short order. We just started the redevelopment activities there. We're already 100% leased. So we monitor the competition very closely. I think we're significantly differentiated on a number of fronts, and we think our tenants respond to that very favorably as well.
Stephen Richardson: Daniel, it's Steve again. No, not in particular. Again, Seattle's very tight. I would say Cambridge is severely constrained. We've talked about the Bay Area, really no significant ground-up development projects down in San Diego. So really, South San Francisco is the only sub-cluster that we're monitoring.
Dean Shigenaga: And Jamie, if I could add, I would just remind you in my prepared comments that during the year of 2018, we executed 1.7 million rentable square feet related to the value creation pipeline. 90% of that related to deliveries that are occurring in 2019. So our team is hitting on all cylinders on lease-up of the value creation pipeline, and we're working hard to really get the remainder of the pipeline addressed, but we're excited about what we have already resolved.
Dean Shigenaga: It is not pushing out much of the spend into '20. Most of it related to conservative two buckets, Jamie. One bucket was conservative assumptions that we were able to address over the last 2 months, which is pretty typical in a given year to be able to knock out 3%, 4%, 5% of the budget just by carefully challenging the forecasting. And then, we had 1 unique project that had a little bit of an element in it that as we looked harder at it, it wasn't something that we could accomplish in the final design and -- or ended up being a reduction to the overall cost of that project. So neither of them, Jamie, had anything to do with pushing the cost out to '20 or any delays on any of the projects.
Dean Shigenaga: We have a modest number that remains, Jamie. I would say that dispositions are always a key component of our capital plan. We also have pretty unique opportunities to invest capital at great returns. So I don't know that it will fully eliminate it, but it's an important component.
Dean Shigenaga: Manny, I think all of our -- whether it's debt or equity capital and dispositions for that matter...
Dean Shigenaga: I'm sorry, Dan, really dependent on market conditions. And when we hit that point in time or assess those, the environment, and execute, the capital needs on the equity front are fairly modest this year given the disposition program we have in place. So either option is available to us when we're ready for it.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, good comments all around. You're right that we did raise more equity over the last few years to drive down improvement and leverage in our credit profile. 70 million to 100 million shares directionally sounds correct, but keep in mind we also grew bottom line FFO per share 60% if you include our growth through the end of 2019 here, so outstanding, top of the market REIT sector growth. I think the key to continuing to drive results as strong as that is to be disciplined with our value creation pipeline, both development, redevelopment and being disciplined on funding, which we will continue to do and utilize sources that makes sense. Over the years, I'd say 10-plus years, we've always thought about different alternatives, including what you just mentioned but we haven't pulled the trigger on it as far as some fund-type approach because it didn't just make sense for the business. So we do evaluate alternatives as the short answer your question, Michael, and we'll continue to be very prudent in how we execute the business.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, it's interesting as we step back over the last -- looking at this question today but we've thought differently about it, a variety of scenarios to fund the business over the last 1.5 decades, Michael, and we'll continue to brainstorm about different alternatives. But I think, again, the key here is to be focused and balanced on how we grow the business and how we fund it, and so we'll continue to brainstorm on the best solutions. And if something changes, we'll share it with the investor community as it develops.
Peter Moglia: Manny, it's Peter Moglia. I also would like to remind everybody that one of the things that we really do well is incorporate annual increases into our leases and add a 3% per year clip by the time those leases roll, and we're still making some pretty great cash and GAAP increases over and above what happened during the lease, certainly, I think, speaks to our great execution on the leasing side.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I think one of the key elements is, have we provided as much value as we possibly can up to this time? And is the ability to create more value later on? In the case of 75/125 Binney, it's fully leased to great tenancy, but it goes for another, I believe, 12 years before you can actually get to the mark-to-market. So our partner is patient capital, and it will do well in 12 years when that lease rolls, but it's a great opportunity for us to monetize that and then put that money to work into our highly leased -- highly returned pipeline. So that is one of the things we certainly look at. And then as far as JV partners go, we've definitely looked for those that are -- understand our business and are easy to work with and trust in our judgment and our brand to deliver great results. And this particular partner recognize that, and I wouldn't be surprised if we do more business with them down the road.
Peter Moglia: Okay, the first one, the current rents, I believe, are in the mid-70s and the market rent there is conservatively in the low to mid-80s. So that -- the answer is that piece. As far as marketing, we had a strategy to message to investors that we wanted to work with because that is a very important thing as far as who we partner with. It's not all about the cost or the purchase price. It has a lot to do with the culture of who we're dealing with because we want to make sure we're very aligned. So we had a small, targeted audience that we approached. We had a valuation in mind that was very close to what we ended up with, and our buyers stepped up early and we were able to get it done. There were a number of other people contacted before we settled on the final choice, and we did receive an enormous amount of interest given that this product was in Cambridge and that there are a number of parties out there that want to JV with Alexandria and get into this life science real estate niche.
Peter Moglia: I think that people definitely recognize on the CapEx side that we're very efficient in our operation versus office. I think they also look at our tenant roster and understand that they're not only investing in great real estate but they're getting credit behind it relative to office. So I think that's really what's driving it. Plus the industry is one of the driving forces of the economics of the United States. It's an industry that's very difficult to take offshore due to intellectual property issues. And obviously, it's a well-paying industry and our tenant base is very -- has very large balance sheets and is constantly looking to expand its pipeline for the future, and they have been looking to us to be a provider of that space.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I mean, I'll echo the comments on RTP. We certainly saw a trend few years ago of North Carolina being an optimal place for ag tech research, and we started making incremental investments over time. And as Joel said, we'll provide some more detail on that next quarter. In Maryland, I wanted to say that -- I think one of the things we're really happy about is that it used to be very dependent on government funding, and so you could basically chart the market based on the NIH budget. And of course, around 2008, 2009, we started to see that dip, and of course, the Maryland market went down. What has happened over the last few years is that we're seeing a lot of commercial companies coming into the areas because they want to be adjacent to the NIH and other institute -- government institutions because they're having the government cosponsor different programs. Kite, for example, has moved there because they're working with the NIH and the National Cancer Institute on projects, and then we saw a follow-up with Autolus, one of the tenants that is anchoring our new development at 9950 Medical Center. They're also a CAR-T company. So that diversity is going to really dissipate the reliance on government, and that was really a key for us to gain the confidence to start investing more in there. And it's paid off because demand has just really been strong, and any thing that has come available has re-leased fairly quickly. And of course, now we've announced to build to suit, which will be the first new product developed in Maryland in well over a decade. So there's been a constrained supply for good reasons because there was very little growth over the last decade but that is now turning. And because we're well positioned with landholdings and redevelopment opportunities, we're able to capitalize on it and we're hoping that there'll be more good news in the future.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So Tom, this is Joel. So I think if you look at Page 26 of the supp, as we kind of think about -- we have really an all-star, highly diversified cast of top 20 tenants that make up more -- almost 45% of the rent. We always think about not trying to be overly concentrated. And I think if you look at the numbers, the percentage of aggregate rental revenues, we really don't have great exposure to any single company in a way that we think would be catastrophic or highly damaging to the company from Takeda at #1 at 3.6% down to FibroGen, which has a potential blockbuster product to oral erythropoietin to replace the injectable, at 1.4%. So I think we're pretty mindful of that. I think when you think about the Celgene/Bristol-Myers -- Bristol-Myers' acquisition of Celgene, so you have our #7 acquiring our #5, but I think one thing to keep in mind is Bristol is leading some facilities in Seattle that we've re-leased at the Fred Hutch Cancer Research Center. And we believe on Celgene, as we luckily don't have any of Celgene's home campus in Summit, New Jersey, which I think where most of the cost synergies will come out of, but they have two important locations -- several with us but two of the most important are Juno in Seattle and the...
Joel Marcus: Receptos, yes, in San Diego. Both of those, we believe, have mission-critical therapies that are critical to the acquisition and the value of the acquisition. So I think we feel pretty good overall about that combination.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think where you have large companies merging to large companies, I think you have a lot of cost synergies that shake out and you have a lot of home campuses, many of those are owned by the pharma companies themselves where things get reduced in size. But I think where you have pharma buying biotech, it isn't always true but I think more than -- more likely than not, those acquisitions are for the pipeline and the talent that you have. There are occasions where select biotechs are bought that have a single product opportunity, and those are pretty easy to spot. So when we lease to tenants, there are no tenants in our top 20 that have -- that are single product, onetime shots on goal. So we're really careful in our underwriting about that. That would be a bad outcome.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So maybe let me talk -- I'll ask Peter to talk about real estate, but for a second, in Maryland, I think you have a resurgence over the last couple of years of tremendous amounts of dollars that have come into the National Institutes of Health. And overall, the government funding of biomedical research in that area has been stronger. You've also seen -- as Peter and Steve said, you've got certain new gene therapy or cell therapy companies that have emerged. There's a stronger base of venture capital in the areas located there and they raised funds that are in the $2 billion to $3 billion range. So that ecosystem actually has come back from a very nascent system. It was super vibrant in the early 2000s with the genetic revolution and sequencing, but then it kind of fell into a long kind of tenure, kind of non-growth situation but it's really coming out and we expect it to be not a onetime shot. North Carolina, I think what we've done is we've tried to move to where we think -- and we'll have a lot more to talk about this on the first quarter call, where we think the intersection of human health is both in fighting disease and then enhancing nutrition. And so we've made a stake in the ground and really created the first ever in the U.S. that we know of -- that we know about multi-tenant ag tech campus, and that's the one that I think Steve referred to that we've got about 100% lease or committed. Peter, you might comment.
Joel Marcus: Well, I guess I'd say one thing. Could you imagine Congress agreeing on anything? But we did actually meet with Medicare recently and had some very good discussions with them. The President's desire is to try to eliminate the rebates and the middlemen fees, which make up -- so if you're an ethical drug company selling branded products, about 40% of the price of that goes off to third parties. And then in the discussion we had in Washington, it's clear that there are a lot of end user vendors, not the patient but the vendors who dispense these. So there are hospitals and other third parties that then mark the drugs up, some as much as 10x. And when it's buried, if you go in for surgery and it's $100,000 -- actually, I just had this happen personally to a family member, and they get a bill back that shows everything's paid for by insurance or reimbursed by insurance except drugs and the drug is $1,000 or $2,000. Oftentimes, that's marked up 2, 3, many times by the group that's dispensing it. So there's a real effort to go after the probably unreasonable markups and the middlemen who are taking 40% off of the list price before it ever gets to the consumer. Those are the two big areas that I think people are focused on but it's pretty clear. Remember, go back to basics. Drugs only make up about 10% to 15% of overall health care cost, and 90% of all drugs that are sold are generic. So there's a lot of fire and talk about drug prices, but it doesn't fall wholly on the manufacture standpoint. I think what you may see is Medicare forcing out that middlemen rebate pricing whether that can be extended to a private pay. Remember, in U.S. insurance or U.S. health care, about 2/3 are covered privately; about 1/3 is covered through Medicare and government plans; and then there's about 8% to 10% which still are uncovered. So if Congress is going to act, they have to act on the 2/3 and it would take both parties and I don't think that's going to happen, but it would go after the middlemen pricing and the unreasonable markups of the dispensary element of the system, if that's helpful.
Joel Marcus: Yes, on a number of assets, I think, Michael, we clearly would not joint venture, things like our center in New York or a number of assets in Cambridge. But the 75/125, for the reasons Peter articulated, turned out to be a great opportunity both time, value and it's on the -- actually the same side of the street that 225 Binney is that we joint-ventured back a couple of years ago. So it's on the north side. It also is going through an interesting transition in tenant base. And as Peter said, we had wrung all the value out of it that we could be. We remember the times when we we're dealing with ARIAD. So that building has a long history, as you know well. So we're pretty careful about what we do, but I think Peter's deep expertise in this area and, I think, world-class relationship together with Tom and those on the ground in Cambridge, I think, give us a real set of opportunities to selectively mix a variety of forms of equity for our future growth. And also, on the future growth, we don't know what's going to happen come 2021, 2020 even. So we're pretty careful about the growth in the future.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I think if you go back to what I said at the beginning, think of Alexandria as a company that has been around for 25 years. I think this year is actually our 25th anniversary. We've built a very special business. We were the first ones to really identify this business and really build this business. We've developed, I think, a unique business strategy, as I said in my prepared remarks. We've developed, I think, a great financial strategy that's been reflective of the market changes over the years. And I think most importantly, we've built an employee base and a management base that I would say is really second to none, very long-tenured people in all aspects of the company. We've had Jim Collins come in and help our people, and I think it's fair to say that if you look at anyone who is trying to bring any discredit or any cloud to the company, I think you can assume that, that is a meaningless approach. And I think that I'll let Jennifer Banks, who's our General Counsel, comment on the litigation. But I think just remember, you have a highly ethical, highly motivated company here made up of long-tenured people, and I think the kinds of things that are going on are clearly illegal and they're immoral and they will be dealt with in a very severe fashion.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Thank you, everybody. We appreciate your taking time to listen, appreciate the Q&A, and we look forward to talking to you at the first quarter results end of April or early May, and we'll bring you more detail on the -- on some of the ag tech strategies that we have in mind and appreciate it very much. Thanks, guys.
