Dean Shigenaga: Thank you very much and before we go to Q&A, I just received good bit of news that our Chief Investment Officer Peter Moglia has advised that we do have a signed lease with the New York Finance (ph) Translational Research Institute for approximately 70,000 plus square feet in New York, so we’re very pleased with that. And with that I’d like to open it up for Q&A.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, I didn’t run that analysis. I don’t have the answer handy but the simple answer is that it will impact the yields that I provided that you are assuming the employees (ph) NOI with the reduction of – I’m sorry, an increase in our cost basis which will impact the yield modestly, but I’d be surprised that we need more than one point in that range, high level – that’s a high level guess.
Dean Shigenaga: It assumes the buildout of the future space. So it includes assumptions to construct the remaining space. It includes lease-up assumptions for both the existing product that has – its vertical today in the development pipeline as well as leased up of the approximate 300,000 square feet of the future development potential. So it’s all in stabilized NOI over total investment every dollar we spend on Mission Bay.
Dean Shigenaga: No, I was going to say (inaudible) maybe today cost of construction and the rental rates in Mission Bay.
Dean Shigenaga: You’re right, Michael. On the accounting there, we will accrue what we believe is the estimated payments that will occur over multiple years. And so the accounting as we do get the cash to pay down debt over a number of years, which we will spend (ph) a number of year as well as payments are made, cash will go out the door but it will take a number of years.
Dean Shigenaga: We’re getting down the road there. We put together really our best estimate of the potential payments in – it will take a number of years for clarity to come through on exactly on how much will be paid. So we won’t know for a number of years until –
Dean Shigenaga: If you look at the overall purchase price, about maybe between $300 and $310 per square foot for the building which is – and this is a truly first class absolutely premier campus considerably below replacement cost and the land allocation with $50 or less (ph) per foot, recent comps in the market are as high as 80. So we feel very good about that allocation. We think that we’re looking at a full campus user, not a multi-tenant environment. We think the CapEx to get there is pretty minimal to really a relatively brand new campus first in class, really just outstanding in all of its regard, and there is a possibility for builders (ph) potentially which could yield us some nice dollars as well. Rental rates for that campus could be in the range of about $36, triple net would be kind of an average.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, the lease was for 15 months so going into it, it was pretty certain that they were going to depart. The question (inaudible) we didn’t know precisely what their reorganization plan was but it was pretty clear they were undergoing reorganization and they also were hiring a new CEO, who came from a client of Exelixis. Actually I’ve known George Scangos for probably two decades. He was at Bayer in the Bay Area before he joined Exelixis, he’s quite a talented guy. And so when he came onboard, it was virtually certain that he would be making some substantial reorganization because they really want this company to grow and become a truly great biopharmaceutical company. So our game plan all along had assumed that they would exit that campus and we would be looking for a large user, which is good in the sense that in San Diego the strength of that market is really to some extent on the small end and on the large end, it’s really the middle area that over the last couple of years that’s really suffered where we’ve struggled with a bunch of our spaces.
Dean Shigenaga: I think that they’ll be there for more of less for the full 15 months would be my guesstimate. Our goal is to have a lease in place as soon as possible and I would assume that the CapEx for that new tenant would be actually pretty minimal.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes I’m going to have Steve give you the details but when we started earlier in the year, we had really teed up for about 500,000, 550,000 of the south targeted MOB and hospital office for sale, but one thing led and Steve can carry the story on from there.
Dean Shigenaga: You’re referring to page 38. Yes, top down it’s the Eastern Mass 113,000 square feet and 30,000 square feet. So you’re most of the way you’re two-thirds of the way half of the way down on page 38. Correct, I think it’s clearly that tell how successful we’ll be in actually delivering that by the end of the year. There is some chance that we actually pull in a question of this into operations by the end of the year. And depending on what we decide to do on the larger one near-term, there is also a change that that comes in as well. They’re both suburban locations Tony, so they’re not kind of necessarily are sweet spot in Cambridge. And there is always a chance on the bigger one there may be a user sale that we might be looking to pull up there.
Dean Shigenaga: I would not go to that. I mean, it’s just such a large vertical industry that we’ve seen a number the larger IT companies with different devices, different software, look more closely at the clusters and how they can be adjacent for their customers. So I would echo what Joel had said.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Then I guess, is there any…
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. One thing that continues to be highlighted at least and the bond markets opened up off the bottom of the financial crisis. It’s not the bond markets have driven of the extremely efficient when wide opened as they have been from time to time of late. And the company, Alexandria, is a business getting to the side and profiled as it is, I think, having access to the bond markets is the prudent goal to pursue. And so it’s an important objective, I think, of the company to add the bonds into our capital structure going forward. Exactly from a timing perspective, I think that’s – we’re not prepared to describe whether that’s, you know, we’d like to get to it as soon as possible but it’s going to be tomorrow versus three quarters from now or a little bit longer. That’s probably premature to speculate on I give you an estimate. But we’ve spent a lot of time over the past quarters looking at a number of, you know, kind of the boxes you have to fit in. and so, we’ve spent a lot of times in that analysis and in that, you know, gaining some areas. We kind of know where need to be. But it’s a process. And but we expect it to be, you know, incredible.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, there’s a whole entitlement process in Mission Bay and the San Francisco redevelopment agency was the governing authority. So a number of the parcels had proceeded through design entitlements. Two of the parcels had proceeded through a permanent set of construction drawings. One of the parcels actually did have the entire set of production piles driven. We didn’t have any concrete slabs or any infrastructure such as that but we did have the piles in place. So it was a continuum of different pieces that had been put in place to bring it to this point.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. First off, I think, maybe to start the answer to your question, if we look at our average cost basis, it’s really – I think I gave you a $171 million coming out of pre-construction. This is just the land, there is another $18 million associated with the parking spaces that were sold, which is not comparable on our land per square foot basis, but it is part of the transaction. That piece is coming out of rental properties. But the land itself, at $171 million is about $83 a foot on average. And my commentary earlier was that the range of investment to-date per square foot by Alexandria ranges from the low $70 up to the low $80, parcel by parcel. But when you blend it altogether, you end up at $3 on an average basis. The difference $278 million, that’s the gross purchase price, or $137 million (inaudible) square foot, and a gain of $60 million or about $30 per square foot, the biggest component is our basis at about $83, $84 a foot or $170 million. You have about $18, or $9 to $10 associated with the parking spaces and it’s a cost on that. And then you obviously have transaction costs, then commissions, transfer taxes and the payments that I described, netting out the remainder of that roughly $20 million in order to reconcile all the numbers I provided.
Dean Shigenaga: It’s not an earnout but I can’t get into the nature of the payments. We did not expect to incur any payments at least in the near term with our plans for building out Mission Bay, but we fully anticipate that the payments will be due under the proposed schedule for buildout.
Joel Marcus: Yes I think we talked about it a number of times, I mean we’re in the low to mid 40s on rental rates and total construction cost below that $350 to 400 a foot range. So I think that’s where the 10% yield holds up.
Joel Marcus: I would say that it wasn’t our intent, we as Steve said we thought they would take the eight parcels which is the million square foot campus, MOV is (inaudible) but then they kind of wanted those. We didn’t necessarily want to sell the remaining side on the north parcel but it became pretty mission critical to them and so it was folded into the transaction.
Joel Marcus: And that they recently gave $100 million gift to UPSS [ph] hospital like there – so he is very invested in Mission Bay.
Joel Marcus: Yes, well if you go to page 31 of the supplemental, the phase – the big phase for 2010 that will go in the 93,000 square feet is kind of an old industrial building in Seattle. So that is what it is. It’s just old industrial. It’s got a good location and we think that there is an opportunity to create a lab space there. If you look at 2011, where the larger amount of redevelopment is coming from really the two big ones are Eastern Mass, that made up the big 400 Tech Square which is about 178,000 square feet. You may have seen it on some of the tours. It’s kind of a – creates a carbon copy of 200 Tech Square which we redeveloped very successfully. It’s occupied not by post research they’re moving to a new campus in the suburbs [ph]. They are solely an office tenant. That would likely be redeveloped. There is a change potentially for that to go either to lab or to across IT. I don’t know at the moment but we have some pretty intensive ongoing discussions that as I said old and then the Seattle amount almost 180,000 square feet. That’s the Gates Foundation building in Seattle on Lake Union. It’s a beautiful sites that’s right now fully, it’s a pretty amazing building but it’s fully office, there isn’t a lab space and we’re working on it, series of leases as we speak to redevelop that as the lab space. So those are the kind of a three major ones Tony.
Joel Marcus: Well and this is true on a worldwide basis, but let me focus on the US and maybe both and I could have Steve talk a little bit about San Francisco, but I think in Cambridge and surrounding areas, its clearly there is a movement and a integration of a variety of technology firms in kind of what is historically been known as the life science cluster and the combination of IT, healthcare, life science and obviously telecommunications is becoming pretty inextricably brought together because one of the critical mandates of the recent legislation in just for good medical practices and (inaudible) good medical records and immediate access to healthcare information into something treatments etcetera. So we’ve had a number location where we have terms that are either dedicated to this area or firms that have significant divisions that are dedicated to this area, looking at kind of Class A locations and the best sales class sub markets. This would be kind of heavy offers, its offers that is fairly heavy infrastructure for what they want to be build – it is an office use and as I said 400 Tech Square, we’ve got a potential health – potential office use that could be a Health IT use or e-records use, or e-pharmaceutical use that could be very valuable to us. The returns I mean if you look at putting on redeveloping the lab, you know, you have an equation that we told you about two hundred types where we’ve shared the numbers there. I think the infrastructure would be a lot less for this view. And the returns, I think, would be pretty darn good. So if you could put in, you know, a hundred dollars or a hundred and fifty dollars, looks like we’re going to achieve $40 triple net lab compared to maybe $60-plus on lab dates were pretty good numbers. So I don’t know if even they or new could comment on kind of the technology which have been…
Joel Marcus: No, we have a situation. We hope this will be kind of our case study for doing this work. It’s moved from a main campus of a major university to a corporate campus where the university won’t be a partner in there after and so that’s kind of the ongoing situation. We’ve lost a lot of time, unfortunately. But, you know, it is what it is. It would on land owned by a, you know, a non-profit institution. And we would be, you know, the developer on that. And it would be kind of an integrated campus that would be pretty unique with a very major university component. The recently deal on campus didn’t work is the trustees wanted a building that was according to a certain standard and given the household (ph), they didn’t make economic synergy. So we had to look for an off-site and an off-campus location. And on the international – I’m sorry?Jamie Feldman – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I’m sorry.
Joel Marcus: No, we would be the owner.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: You’d be the owner? Okay, thank you.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Again, I think that what we’ve tried to do overtime is and I said there’s a number of times our original estimate of, we’re in fact in those six, were kind of low Cambridge Life about 45 triple net. And I think every leads we have signed has been increasingly well north of that. Kind of the benchmark rent. It’s not a comparable place. But benchmark rents are still Cambridge and then an incubator at the Columbia. And I think what over time, we have been able to get really great rents there. I think, you know, if you look at overall hard and soft products of about $500 of lab and then you add in, you know, various, you know, tenant improvements and so forth. I think it’s pretty fair to say that on most of the states that we’re delivering over the coming quarters, I think we’ll have a, you know, a close to a double-digit return on that. So I think we feel really, really good. We’ve obviously had to think some money into on our nickel into the buildout of the restaurant and the conference centers. So that will lead me to the operator, you know, they could take those with the improvement. And therefore, comes to drag down the overall yield of the phase. But I think one lease is just fine which is maybe our highest rental rates to a company, you know, is close to the numbers I’ve given you. And I think, when you look at our overall status, you know, it’s like very favorably in that about 10% range.
Joel Marcus: Well, different markets, from the standpoint of what a buildable foot in each of the markets with the price data if you were to monetize something in Cambridge today. So you’ve got a higher-run environment in Cambridge over at Mission Bay. And you have similar land constraints, I think, in both markets. And limited opportunities which would probably attract a little bit of a premium. So I would say, to an answer to your question, that the land price in Cambridge would definitely be north of our price point in Mission Bay. Exactly what that is? I don’t know how to answer that because there hasn’t really been any comp in the market that would give you that. But I would not be surprised to find that somewhere approaching $200 or more (ph). And our basis is well-thought about. But if you look at, you know, construction costs, maybe in the $350 range and around 50 bucks triple amount, those are pretty good economics with applications. And we feel pretty good about that.
Joel Marcus: Okay, well, I’ll have Dean maybe you address a little more specifically. But in some locations, we have driven files. And there was a lot of work that has been going on on-site work. There was obviously parking fills at Mission Bay infrastructure, if you could describe some of the – gradually.
Joel Marcus: Yes, it’s pretty much set at this point with the design for development guidelines that are in place.
Joel Marcus: Well, I don’t think that’s what we did. So if you came to the conclusion, I think that’s a misconception. We aren’t deploying out of Mission Bay, we are using those proceeds actually to pay down debt. I think if you look at our acquisition in San Diego, it’s part of an expansion of really dominant footprint down there. This is a very highly unusual situation. We’ve never been faced with an opportunity to buy a first in class unique campus that caters to a very different kind of clientele and so that’s what attracted us together with the economics of the transaction, it’s where when you could buy a first class like buying on avenue type of building in our space at such a low percentage versus replacement cost, some 50% to 60% of replacement cost, which is really unheard of. And I think my comment, I wouldn’t again, I think you kind of got the wrong impression. There was no impression to say that San Diego was a Microsoft and Cambridge is a Google. What I said is San Diego is going through a transition from really a FITCO (ph) biopharmaceutical market of the 80s and 90s. Really I think to what is the future of healthcare, and that is if you look at the company as you go through the companies down there, some of the top diagnostic companies, prognostication companies, med device companies, product and service companies, it’s really moved into a much more of a tech and information related healthcare environment as opposed to classic hardcore chemistry, etcetera. And I view that as actually a positive because that workforce is very abundant in San Diego. I mean that’s why some of the great IT companies down there have been able to grow. In fact, if you look at Amilyn (ph), which is a pretty big chemic down there and a pretty big company and one that will ultimately have some pretty big market opportunity, it does already, although it had a little bit of a clinical delay, they had a hard time, I mean I knew the CEO (inaudible) for many years. They had a hard time recruiting the development expertise and the downstream process expertise in San Diego. They are just one enough of those people. So I think San Diego is a huge opportunity really for the next generation of the kinds of companies that I mentioned integrated with the IT and telecommunications down there. And don’t forget, they still have the great anchors of the four major institutions up on Terri Pines (ph). So I think don’t assume from what I said, this is a Google versus Microsoft, it isn’t at all.
Joel Marcus: I think you have to go back and remember the history of this company. The history of the company was Biogen was a pretty successful biotech firm in kind of the Boston Cambridge area. Idec grew up as kind of a cancer franchise in San Diego. When the acquisition was done, most of us, I have 25 years in the biotech and pharma industry, knew many of the people in Idec well, certainly knew many of the Biogen people well, it was an odd combination. I think the Street at the time and many people who had been in the industry thought, that’s a really weird combination. Why would you go buy a company in a different therapeutic area, CNF and cancer on the other side of the country and try to manage them in a coordinated integrated fashion. So I think the company got pretty low marks for a number of years after the acquisition and it seemed like an odd combination. It seemed to me that it – a better would have been at the time, I thought Genentech, which had the premier cancer franchise to go buy Idec because Idec, obviously they had one of Idec’s products. But anyway, I think the announcement and George is a very smart guy, clearly saw that it’s feasible to manage operations on each coasts and one that are pretty different than the core operations of the main survivor, which is Biogen. So I wouldn’t translate this into an industry trend. I look back and say, hey, the origin of their kind of odd combination was odd and out. This is just the end result and it’s not, frankly, it’s not surprising to me at all.
Joel Marcus: Well, thank you very much. It’s been a bit long, and we look forward to talking to you guys in early February on year-end and fourth quarter. Thank you again very much.
