Joel Marcus: Well think on the life science side, we’re seeing a continuation of what we've seen, certainly over the last number of years, and that is both high quality credit tenants moving into the clusters, establishing bases and continuing to expand. A great example is our Bristol Myers, at a 100 Binney bringing a footprint into Cambridge, IBM Watson recently coming into our, part of our 751-125 Binney, I think there is no shortage on the life science side. Because of the nature and the DNA and the ecosystem, they want to be in the best cluster locations. And I think it’s clear that Cambridge, San Francisco and South San Diego, Seattle, New York city remain the top spots for those clustering on the tech-side. Maybe I’ll ask Steve to give some off data, a bit in the bay area.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think the answer to that and maybe the Uber land at Mission Bay was a good example. I think we for many years believed that Mission Bay would become an intersection of life science and technology, in that campus area and certainly because of the synergies between the two, but it wasn’t until Uber really intersected with us, did that really become a reality. And I think having done Uber really opened up the, I think what we, what our capabilities where as a company and the execution and skill and capabilities as we began to expand our Mission Bay into the summer [ph] area. So I think to me, that’s a great example of that happening on the ground.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well good example is that very issue at Mission Bay on those parcels. There was a multi-national pharma that had -- that’s actually current client that had expressed substantial need for space. But it's inability to take all of the space totaling almost approximately 500,000 square feet and moving at a very rapid speed, really I think hindered its ability to compete with Uber. So I don’t think so much it's an either/or except in unusual cases, but where it’s happened, I think you have to look to what you can get the best execution. Obviously you have to look a credit terms of deal and so forth. There’s so many aspects. But I think that’s a good case study comparison, because it actually happened in a life science dominated market at Mission Bay.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I’ll maybe do the first one. I’ll ask Steve to address the second. So on the leases that drove our leasing stats, Cambridge and San Francisco were the most contributory, as I mentioned and then Seattle and RTP also were contributory. But I think Cambridge and San Francisco certainly won that day. With respect to the sublease, Steve you can give a bit of background.
Joel Marcus: A little bit of both, but as you know, the valuation of Biotech and life science generally have been moving around quite a bit I would say that it did Jeff -- as of March 31st, it recovered about a month later and it's scaled back a tad. So net-net there has been decent movement, just from a valuation perspective, and it's purely the publicly traded securities we're discussing. We did realize about 11 million of proceeds during the quarter. So we did have some of the gains during the quarter, but the bulk of it had just to do with the changes in stock price. I would say as Steven mentioned there is healthy activity in the market, broadly, some of which includes our underlying investments and I would guess that in the near term you'll see some large mark-to-markets coming into the public portfolio soon.
Joel Marcus: Well I think in Nodulus [ph], Dan, you could give a little color on what’s the activity there. It's been very strong.
Joel Marcus: And Tom maybe comment on activity on 100 Binney, which seems to be these days pretty extraordinary actually.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I would also put a footnote on that. Bristol-Myers has half the building. The other half is still uncommitted, in various stages of discussions et cetera. But we’ve been told that we will have likely two credit tenant RFPs for as much space as we can provide them. So there is no shortage of demand in the market for that building. And there is no competitive first in class project coming to fruition at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I'm going to maybe give an opening. Then I’ll let Tom talk about it. But I think it's fair to say we did reach a high watermark when we signed ARIAD back a couple of years ago, and I think today we’ll be reaching a new high watermark with 100 Binney. But I’ll let Tom discuss the comparison of both and some of the construction cost situations.
Joel Marcus: Yes, we've seen the flier and that’s all we seen. So we don’t know much more than that at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Yes, maybe I'll open that and then ask Dan to comment. I think we see that there is still a lot to do as you can tell by our activity up in Torrey Pines and University Town Center, centers the Alumina campus, the Campus Pointe campus. So we have our hands pretty well occupied with a lot of moving parts and that trying to capture as much as the quality demand in that market as we see. I think we've certainly paid attention to what's going on Downtown but I don’t think that it is necessarily as ready for prime time as some of the other locations if you look at the Mission district in San Francisco or some of the early activities. I don’t think you see them at the same level but Dan, you can comment on me ground.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think as Dean mentioned our target has been, and this also for our desire to upgrade to -- get upgraded to BBB plus rating, somewhere in the 10% to 15% range, and I think the Dean on your end our target is.
Joel Marcus: Thanks Michael, I think that that’s true. I think the U.S. market has come a long way in the decade since we started in Asia and Europe back in kind of the '05, '06 range. I think there was a feeling that India and China would hold half the world's population and could be really great markets. I think some day they will be, but they are still I think too early for prime time. And you can tell. As Dean mentioned, we have almost $50 million in currency losses. I think it's hard for companies in the real estate sector to focus heavily on overseas operations. I think that, that given our footprint, given our high quality, really amazing campus locations and tenants, there is no reason now to think about overseas, whether it be Europe or Asia. But if you go back pre-crash, those were pretty interesting markets and I think the markets here in the United States, we're still in the process of evolving, but they've come an awfully long way in that decade.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think it's completely off the table. I think that over the next medium the longer term we look at newer markets in the United States, because there are markets here that are interesting, but again maybe not ready for prime time. Think about New York where we won RFP back in 2005, and here we sit a decade later with a campus. But these efforts are literally a decade long effort, and we worked hard, not only things you guys see in the supplement, but an amazing amount of work at the cluster level, to really bring those clusters along. So I think there is no way that I could see, foresee going overseas again. I think it would be expansion in the United States.
Joel Marcus: So well, I think in Scotland we acquired options on land, that we’re able exit that land and recoup our investment, and I think make some money from that. In Terrano we obviously were involved in the March project early on and we structured that and we reported our exit from there and what happens. So I think that’s -- those two have been fully disclosed. We haven’t really done anything else outside of China and India, and I think China and India are pretty well documented in the supplement. So there is nothing else out there that I’m aware of.
Joel Marcus: Okay, thank you very much. We closed early and we appreciate your time and a busy earning season. We'll talk to you for the second quarter. Thanks everybody.
Steve Richardson: Hi Manny it’s Steve. We do continue to see a healthy, it’s not historic demand. We’re tracking about 6 million square feet in the San Francisco market. Right now we’ve got six tenants looking for more than a 100,000 square feet, 23 tenants looking for more than 50,000 square feet. We’ve got a vacancy rate in some of 3.7%. You had a number of sublease transactions that reduced the sublease space to about 1.6 million in the market, which is right where we were at the beginning of 2015, with great tenants taking additional space and expanding. So we see it healthy on both sides. We just add to the life science, in particular in a bay area, you saw the recent announcement with Stemcentrx bring purchased by AbbVie, in excess of $10 billion and a very public pursuit of medivation, which is in our Mission Day building in Illinois by Sanofi. So very healthy capital markets on the life science side for sure.
Steve Richardson: Hi Dave, it’s Steve. Yes, they had towards a market, we were certainly involved in every step of the process and really active in partnership with Amgen. But ultimately from a transaction structure perspective, it made a lot more sense to stay in a sublease situation. So we’ve acted as a very proactive facilitator in the transaction, have a nice direct relationship but from a transaction structure, it just made sense to go the sublease rout.
Steve Richardson: Yes, and Dave maybe to provide broader context at the offset here, we're seeing very active pipeline early renewals. We've completed about a 180,000 square feet of 2017 and 2018 renewals. The one Joel referenced specifically, we are trading papers. So it's beyond just discussions. We expect that to have that completed the next quarter. And we've got another 100,000 feet beyond that where we're in active discussions for early renewals as well. So pretty strong trend.
Steve Richardson: Well I think if you go to page of the sup, we've kind of expanded at page 41, our key future projects and we try to give a little bit of context with some renderings et cetera. We don’t have any plans at the moment I think as I said last quarter to initiate any new developments. We did obviously move vertex to active, but at the moment our pipeline is strong, it's full, it's highly leased and we don’t see any reason to start any new projects.
Tom Andrews: Yes. So both 400 tech and 200 tech square, where we have some significant expirations, we're already very actively discussing pretty much all of what's scheduled to come available next year. In 200 tech it's pieces of the Novartis premises, and we are actually very close to batting up a lease transaction that will take that space out of play. And then in 400 tech square we have one particular tenant with a calendar 17 expiration who has an extension right and they've asked for a couple more months to exercise that right, because they have a significant milestone to achieve or not. If they achieve it, they may need more space, if they don’t achieve it, they'll stay in the space and extend. So we're very comfortable, given the leasing activity in Cambridge with a near to zero vacancy rate that we'll have no difficulty at all releasing that space if the company actually exits.
Tom Andrews: Yes, that one we are in negotiations with the three or so different parties right now. In terms of who might fit best in that, it's very interesting in each situation. Cambridge right now, we have -- in virtually every space that becomes available, there are multiple perspective tenants and it's a matter of winnowing through the through the most suitable and then trying to strike the transaction that's most appropriate for the landlord advancing our [indiscernible]. So I think we again don’t have any worries at all about getting that property re-leased.
Tom Andrews: Yes, if you look at page 52 of the sup, you get a snapshot of what we have publicly, and at the moment our net unrealized gains are about 3x of our cost. And then out of the private side as Steve mentioned, we have made an early investment in a company called Stemcentrx which occupies East Jamie Court and that return could be as high as 25.
Tom Andrews: Yes. We’re down to the short strokes on approximately 110,000 square foot lease with a public biotech company that's in the Cambridge market currently. And it has a lease expiration that they need to deal with. So that’s moving toward completion. And then we have on the balance of the space which is about 110,000 square or 2.5 floors, we’re starting to see more and more activity, even though the space is going to be deliverable for -- until really or occupied until really calendar '18. And it's interesting that we’re seeing 30,000 and 40,000 square foot requirements nearly two years out from occupancy date requesting proposals from us. So as I mentioned earlier, we’re sorting through and trying to figure out the best prospects to engage with and that will play out over the next several months.
Tom Andrews: I think Sheila, the rents have moved. I don’t have a figure directly in front of me. But about $10 a square foot on a GAAP basis so the average rent over the term from when we struck a deal with ARIAD to where we are right now, I would say that we have offered -- and able to offer somewhat less dollars in TI allowance for the -- in connection with that increased rent. So, again if you adjust it for TI dollar commitment, it's an even better move up. In terms of the cost, I think some people -- I saw some comment related to the extent of particularly 100 Binney, and one thing to recognize there is in the Bristol-Myer, situation where we have a landlord build, we do have to carry the cost of the tenant’s investment over and above the TI allowance as part of the basis and the property. So I think you see high number there because of that, more than anything else. Although construction costs have been increasing, I would say they have -- they certainly have not increased faster than rents have.
Tom Andrews: We have heard various things. They are building out nearly -- I’d say over 75% of the space that they are leasing and they're nearing completion with that build out, leasing about 25% of their direct space, and this is exclusive of the IBM Watson space. So this is about 215,000 square feet that they have not subleased. They’ve been building out that space. The current information we have from them is that they intend to occupy but they are -- we know that they are entertaining some discussion with sub-tenant prospects, particularly on the non-build out portion of the space.
