Peter Moglia: Yes, sure. No, the pricing was set during the heat of everything, the war, interest rate volatility. So it is reflective of today's market conditions. The -- I don't know what the -- I don't have the  memorized, but just looking at the top 2 leases, it was very likely close to 10 years, probably maybe 9. So definitely a long time before you realize any upside. And there is upside there probably somewhere in the neighborhood of about 27%, 28%. The rents were overall below market. But again, I think the price is reflective of the fact that someone is going to have to live with that return for a while. The credit there was really good. So there's nothing to worry about. But it was a very fair price considering the amount of demand is looking for high-quality projects, and that was probably the most high-quality project anyone could have found this year.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I mean as you said on the latter part of your comments, I mean being able to take advantage of market conditions where you can get a sub-4 cap rate and then plug that back into your next iconic asset at a 6 plus, it's just -- it's hard not to do that. And remember, we are keeping a pretty material part of each of these assets that we're selling. We are also accrue fees. And so there's some operating leverage that we can achieve there. So it is -- you look at the market, you see what you can monetize at the best price. And you only make that decision, though, if you have opportunities to reinvest that in something that's special. And if you look at our development pipeline today, we think it is full of the next wave of iconic assets. So we don't want to get too in love with things that are legacy. We appreciate them. We, again, don't sell them in whole, but there are other frontiers for us to conquer, and such as the Fenway where we believe there's going to be an incredible rent growth and appreciation as well. So we need to get the cash to make those accretive investments, and we pick carefully, but strategically.
Peter Moglia: Yes, Rich, the -- I think we -- just getting back to my comments, our team has done an incredible job in helping to mitigate cost escalations. And locking things in early. And so because of that and because of the rent growth that we've experienced in all of our markets, we've been able to marginally increase our yields, as Joel mentioned. I -- what other people are doing, I'm not sure. They don't -- certainly don't have the scale advantage that we have, the relationships that we have, probably not even close to the personnel we have. So I'd imagine that they wouldn't be able to do the same thing.
Peter Moglia: I can tell you, I mean I was looking at our comp database yesterday, just seeing what changed from quarter-to-quarter. There's -- a lot of things are still trading with the quality of tenancies completely all over the place, and things are getting for cap rates or more just a certain portfolio that BioMed sold in San Diego with a lot of cats and dogs was a sub-5 cap rate. So there is a lot of demand for exposure to life science assets. And so, unfortunately, for a number of investors, tenant quality probably hasn't been the focus. But we -- rest assured anyone who is looking at our portfolio, we -- our tenants are highly vetted and that doesn't become a question. It's more about the location and lease expiration. Tenant quality is usually soon to be great because it is.
Peter Moglia: Yes. This is Peter. All the markets where there -- I guess, said another way, none of the markets we're in would have a cap rate that would have anything greater than a  handle on it, which is, as you know, remarkably different from a couple of years ago when people were thinking certain markets had 6% or 7%. Some of those markets now are in the 4s or 5s. So I would generally just say, as Joel mentioned, Cambridge is a special place. There are going to be a few submarkets where you probably go below 4% to the mid-3s like we just did. But who knows? I mean there's certainly a lot of money chasing these assets and the competition for high-quality assets, when the investors are thinking, "Hey, there's great rent growth here. I'll pay the price for it today," who knows? We could certainly see breaking through 4% in other markets. But in general, cap rates for lab are like industrial, like logistics, storage or apartments. I mean it's just a hot industry. There's a lot of money out there to be invested and they want to bet on winners and winners are expenses.
Peter Moglia: Well, you bring up a good a good point that actually we don't really talk about too much. But I mean, yes, our large partial interest sales are done with partners that are not buying with leverage. So they're putting this money to work and not looking to lever it up. They're accepting these returns. -- frankly, we don't go into the secured market and buy anything on a levered basis. So kind of hard for me to comment, but I would imagine just seeing where rates are today, that negative leverage is probably the only leverage available if you want to buy a really high-quality asset.
Peter Moglia: Sure. We have a strategic partner in a couple of nearby assets that made a lot of sense for them to participate with us. I can't really go into the details. They'll become apparent later on. But this is a partner that is -- we're in multiple markets with. They have a lot of trust in us. They're a great source of capital that's very attractive compared to common, and they were highly interested in getting involved, and we're keeping the majority share there, but it's also a good opportunity for us to finance something upfront rather than after the fact to keep the capital flowing to other projects as well.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I mean, perfect tremendous location in the heart of Cambridge, brand-new construction more or less. And as Peter said, pretty good lease duration with very strong credit. So a real iconic, I think, investment.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I'll come in and then maybe ask Steve and Peter to comment. So over the history of Alexandria, we've kept kind of 2 approaches. One has been annual rental escalations, generally 3%, sometimes a little less, sometimes it's more, but average about 3%. And during different time periods, we have gone to a minimum, maximum of minimum 3 and max 6 based on CPI. We are involved in a number of negotiations where those -- both of those are being discussed, and you will likely see some of those over time. But I don't know, Peter or Steve, if you guys have any other color on that.
Joel Marcus: Well, I mean, Novartis is one of the strongest, certainly, pharma companies in the world and certainly one of the strongest companies in the world. All companies of large size, as you know, from your long history in this industry go through rationalizations of different groups. I mean, Glaxo is an example, sold their oncology group at 1 point, which was a core, seemed to me to be kind of an odd thing to do. And then later on, essentially kind of restarted it. Different people are shuffling around different lines of businesses whether they be high-value ethical pharmaceuticals or more commodity-type products. So I think I would view that as having nothing to do with the the industry itself, the state of the industry at this point, but rather a rationalization of that company's own operations. And whenever you get a new CEO or a change, a number of these companies kind of shift focus. And so that's something else that you're seeing from time to time. But I wouldn't read anything into that in particular.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don't think it's -- we haven't seen any sign that it's a material impact, and we'll monitor that quarter-to-quarter. So I think, right now, it's pretty building and location specific and, obviously, tenant specific. But we haven't seen anything that I would say material as an overall trend at this time.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So certainly, not all companies I would put in, they went to -- went public too early. I would probably put those on preclinical. So if you've not even entered the clinic, and you're going public, probably that's too early. I mean it's obviously case-specific, depends on what the technology is, what the opportunity is, what your shareholder base is from the private side and so forth. But by and large, there's a host of those that were preclinical that just went too early, maybe grew too fast and realized they still got the clinical ahead of them. And then those that went public in the clinic, I think that's generally been a good game plan, but then didn't realize that after 9 years, I mean, I've been saying that for a while, a 9-year bull market in the sector just doesn't continue unabated. So it tends to rationalize itself. And as I said, 5x the capital volume was being raised and kind of went into the industry, which is a lot. On the private side, as I say, many -- I mean, again, it's very case specific, but many of the companies who have blue-chip founder groups or investor groups who've raised large pools of money have good runway. So generally, a lot of those are not going to suffer maybe some of the challenges that may face a host of the public companies in the have-not sector, if you will.
Joel Marcus: Well, yes, I'll ask maybe Peter and Steve. I would say, on your end, I think you guys need to revisit our NAV. I think you guys are off. But in any case, I think it's -- when you look at Binney, Binney is in the heart of the Kendall Square and Cambridge epicenter. So the cap rate there is not real surprising for relatively new construction, high credit quality and just an iconic location and building. And I think you can see across most of our markets, cap rates have held, I think, very strong and continue to be very positive in our favor. But I'd ask Steve and Peter to comment more detailed. Yes.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, Jamie, somebody mentioned, I don't know, or if not, we haven't really done speculative development since before the '08-'09 crisis when we were forced under contract in New York. We're building 2 towers. We stop one after Lehman collapsed, we built the East Tower. And then luckily, we secured Eli Lilly is our anchor tenant there. But we haven't generally built specs since then. And when we tend to put up, if we go vertical, we generally always have either a signed lease, signed LOI, or we have, as a case of one project I can think of a series of companies who have told us they need growth at this point, and we've decided to go forward and working through the mechanics of documenting that. But we wouldn't just put up steel on the hope that they will come, not because of the current market, but we just haven't done that as a matter of policy in the company for literally more than a decade.
Joel Marcus: Generally, we like to -- I can think of a number of situations in San Diego or other markets where absolutely specifically or the Bay Area, the Peninsula, where we have specific tenant interest. Remember, Peter, Steve and Dean have all mentioned, we've got now more than 1,000 innovative tenants. So the amount of information and the amount of requirements really come to us in a way that there's nobody else that could marshal that kind of a resource. And that gives us the confidence to make some moves where we know that we will be successful. There have been a recent -- we're not going to confirm or deny anything, but a recent San Francisco Peninsula report on something on a project we're doing there, and that we have signed an LOI. I mean that's a good example. And again, I won't confirm or deny, but that's an example of if that was true, where it makes sense to do what we did. And that's kind of how we operate.
Joel Marcus: No, we diligence tenants before we sign leases or even letters of intent, and we monitor them oftentimes usually quarterly, but sometimes monthly. And if you look at -- on Page 17 of the supplement, we give you a breakdown of our tenants. Half of our tenants are investment grade or large cap. We've got about 7% of the portfolio, which is private. We feel very good about the majority of -- the vast majority of those companies because they generally well-funded, and they've got a pathway for additional funding. We've got -- in our public biotech, the vast majority of those, again, are well funded with cash runways that go out, oftentimes beyond leases. And if not, certainly multiple years or are waiting for readouts oftentimes for Phase III. So we feel pretty good about where we are. And if there's anybody that runs into a problem, we kind of know about it. I mean, a good example might be Nektar, which had a is in our Mission Bay portfolio. We have watched them for quite a while. We're very close to them. They're going to, I think, sublease their office space, which is with Kilroy. They've got  space with us. That project is partnered, but we already have demand for backfilling that space should they decide to give it up, but they said they're going to keep a big chunk of their lab space, so I wouldn't expect them to give the majority of that up. So we've already -- I mean that might be an example of something you're referring to. We're already well ahead of the curve there and could backfill that space probably at much higher rates.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I don't have it in front of me, but it's a long-term lease. And the truth of the matter is, in some cases, and I would never say that with specifics to Nektar. But sometimes, you might hope a company would decide to give up a lease because you could backfill it at a much higher rate. So some of that you'll see happen, I'm sure in -- I mean mission-based still, the vacancy rate there is literally 0 at this point for built-out lab space. And so the demand is significant. There's a high credit quality in that submarket that has a huge pent-up demand for space. I'll tell you that.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. Joel, just to echo that, it's Steve, Sheila. That's exactly what we're doing. And we're being very targeted and thoughtful with the particular segments of the portfolio that we might do that for. So we think it's going to be very fair and reasonable. And so far, it's been understood and well received. So just at the beginning of the process here.
Stephen Richardson: Michael, it's Steve. Yes, I think it's within that window. And the key is whether someone is going to actually start doing that and going vertical to deliver in that time frame. And what we've really done is drill down to the capital behind these operators. Obviously, the operators are going to be positive and bullish. But we just haven't seen that from the capital sources actually committing capital as of today.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. Tony, it's Steve here. Yes, I don't know that drilling down on one specific quarter really tells a trend there. You are right. It's generally flat, but it's flat from an exceptional perspective. I mean, maintaining a 30% mark-to-market, I think, is extremely healthy. Look, again, as I said before, we are still in very low single-digit vacancies in these core markets, particularly for Alexandria's portfolio as you see with our occupancy. We continue to see healthy demand. So our expectation is we will continue to see pricing power in the market.
