Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think Sheila this Dean here, excuse me for a little vagueness on the answer but the free rent period in the first year will be based on a start data of November. But I said also caution as we’re trying to work with limited accelerate the time of when they get into their space. The exact timing we don’t have good handle on but we’ll be able to report over the next couple of quarters.
Dean Shigenaga: Well they are different because this is a an existing asset and the Alexandria Center for Life Science in New York is obviously a development but they’re really kind of different but I would assume this would be a higher yield if you looked at on a basically a yield basis.
Dean Shigenaga: I can’t Shiela, broadly speaking and I say that cautiously because you know from my comments earlier that we’re actually not in the market on the CMBS side of the life-side today and so I don’t have a term sheet to give you an accurate number but I would say its, life companies remain aggressive, the CMBS deals in my opinion probably fall one step behind it on pricing and on the life-side and banks I would say for shorter tenure deals probably are extremely aggressive today and our pricing probably tighter but on a shorter tenure basis I’d say your seven to 10 year paper from either the CMBS or the life market would probably put you somewhere plus or minus 5%. The bank side for Alexandria, shorter tenured paper I’d probably say something approaching 200 over LIBOR.
Dean Shigenaga: No, I think Joel summarized it at the end they’re very nicely like we did earlier been able to share the increase in net cash flows to our business while retaining some as the primary objective going forward.
Dean Shigenaga: And then Jamie just to add some color there. In the marketing actually the tail column, most of the leases are below 20,000 square feet in size. And I think there is only one lease that is north of that and it’s in the 50,000 square foot range. So, it is spread across a number of smaller spaces with no large lumpy exposure.
Dean Shigenaga: No I don’t it’ll increase relative to the current quarter straight line rents a number of roughly $9 million. I think I was forecasting somewhere to be in the low $30 million range on straight line rents for 2011 that kind of frames the range that we would expect.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, you probably picked up from the pages of our redevelopment projects and development projects that there are – we estimating 110 million and 70 million respectively of constructions spending for those projects. You probably also noted in the real estate section for projects in China and India that we’re forecasting construction spend in roughly $60 million range. We also have a couple future re-developments where we’re likely they are not in redevelopment today but we anticipate spending some money later this year which is probably in the range of $26 million. The rest includes spending both in our development site in Denny (ph) to accelerate our opportunity to go vertical as well as an estimate for unknown projects which we know are quite possible to occur.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, it’s everything redevelopment, development Asia, pre-construction projects, every construction dollar we expect to spend this year.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, Suzanne its Dean here. As far as the dividend strategy the increase as well as future increases I think we committed in both situations that our strategy is to share increases in net cash flows with our shareholders while also allowing us to retain increases and net cash flows to recycle or reinvest into our business. I guess, I should additionally point out that we don’t forecast any shortfalls in our dividend deductions to meet a 100% or zero taxable income I should say going out over the next few years. So, really it comes down to our desired to share increases in net cash flows with our shareholders.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I mean we had reported back, Jay, I don’t know couple of years ago, when we started the New York project and I think it was right before the crash actually we had a term sheet negotiated for the East Tower with a JV partner, I’m trying to remember it’s been too long ago. But I believe it was more or less a 50-50 deal and we view that capital would be helpful. We were actually looking, I think at that point at maybe building the east and west tower together but obviously the downturn changed that. So I think as I recall it was probably both towers now that I think back about that. But I think when it comes to a large scale project and also that was not available really at that time for us and certainly latter it was not on that size of spec construction project. Today, I think the JV sources the capital, in fact I met with one very, very prominent JV person in New York, not too long ago, had discussed The Binney Street Project. If we kick off a large scale project as oppose to a single home (ph) JV capital something we clearly would look at as an important source of capital. I don’t know if that helps answer the breadth of your questions but that’s kind of what we’ve done to date.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I mean our redevelopment, the biggest one we’ve done was really a pretty huge success. I think we achieved, when we did a case study a number of quarters ago maybe about, I don’t know four, five, six quarters ago on our 200 Tech Square building where I believe our returns on incremental capital we put in approached about 16, 17%. We signed anchor releases in that building, when we bought it, 200 Tech Square was going to be an updated and redone office building, we ended up being able to convert it to lab. Rents went significantly up, our anchors there were Pfizer, Novartis and Glaxo and that I think is one of our most successful projects, a big scale. And I think today we’re going to be embarking this year on redevelopment of 400 Tech Square. We don’t have pricing yet, we don’t know whether it would go new office or new converted labs because there is actually very significant demand for both in Cambridge today. It’s very, very hot companies or entities. So, we would hope to achieve obviously double-digit returns on our incremental capital into that project. When it comes to development on the Binney Street corridor, I think we would target something in the range of a high single-digit probably likely given underground parking and other amenities that we’ve had to provide to city. I would say if could reach anywhere between 8.5 and a 10 on unlevered basis, that would be pretty strong.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. We have obviously back over the last couple of years since the dividend cut that many REITS were implementing. In fact, I remember being in San Diego in November ‘08 when I think we did our first day 13 one-on-one meetings. In 12 of those meetings, people begged us to cut the dividend, it was kind of, a surreal situation as you probably recall. But I think as we go forward, we would like to see we just did make a significant, the board did a significant increase in the dividend. And I think you’ll see that going forward in a measured way so that we’re sharing the upside in cash flows with our shareholders but at the same time retaining as much as we can because it’s the cheapest source of capital. I don’t know Dean if you want to add anything to that.
Joel Marcus: Yeah I try to do that a bit in my kind of geographic review but let me just go to that page, bear with me one moment here. So, it’s page 40 of the supplements and I’ll just run down each of the markets. So in San Diego, we’ve got a total of 550,000 square feet expiring and as you can see the bulk of that is already leased. So, we don’t see much risk there. The Bay Area, we got about 100 – 269,000. Most of it still is remaining and so we see that as a modest challenge but we think we can work certainly up to that challenged in the greater bofinary about 484,000 square feet almost 200,000 of which is the 400 Tech Square which we have a high degree of interest in, probably single building users and about 120,000 that’s’ remaining that isn’t resolved. So, we think that inordinately handle able New York, New Jersey suburban about 38,000, which is pretty small, southeast is pretty small DC. We’ve got one big one we’re working on and the balance is pretty small and Seattle is pretty small. The Gates Foundation building which is coming back to us which is an office building, we’re converting it for lab we’ve already signed a major league there and we see that is resolving. So, we don’t see inordinate challenges in the releasing risk for 2011.
Joel Marcus: Yeah and in San Diego if Dean will make sure my recollection is correct, I think he is pointed out the 34, 36 annual base rent expiring in San Diego, a big part of that is the Biogen Idec lease and if you back that out, that number drops to about 25 bucks or something, so that’s important to remember too.
Joel Marcus: Well, virtually everything we did this year was up market. So in that sense, we didn’t have any competition to speak up. But I think deals we saw and we passed on, there was one deal in Sorrento Valley in San Diego, another deal in the Bay Area of South San Francisco. There have been a number of deals we’ve seen that we passed on. So I don’t know necessarily the number of bidders and kind of what their makeup is. But I think it’s fair to say, I did quote a couple of quarters ago, there was a deal that we really like and went after but lost to a pension fund back in June in the Massachusetts region, which we thought was kind of emblematic of what you’re talking about. It was a – I don’t remember how big it was but it was about a 60, 70,000 square foot building, B building, B location but triple-A credit tenant and lease through 20, 28. And there were quite a number of bidders because people view that as an almost like a borrow on. So I think, it depends on the nature of what the acquisition is.
Joel Marcus: The only group that, the only group that I have seen recently in any of our markets actively developing with the Boston Properties on a site in Cambridge that we believe they’re going forward with and I believe that will be a lab building and but other than that I would say we haven’t seen any development in the markets at the moment.
Joel Marcus: And most people don’t really have, most people frankly don’t have great land sites. You can have land sites, but if they are not really AAA land sites your competition for a really high quality tenants isn’t very good.
Joel Marcus: Sure, great question Mark. So taking China first we have a – our first really test development there was a building in South China for a variety of reasons we choose that location. We also had our early partner that decided to exit. And that really got our feet wet in doing our own, having our own team and our own ability to build in China high quality buildings and we do have good activity on that building of 280,000 square feet, if not a lab building we ultimately want to lease it and sell it because we have no desire to be there. In the North we have a land use REIT that we can build. It’s a little bit like Mission Bay near a rate one of the top five technology centers in all of China. We have our first two buildings underdevelopment about 300,000 feet 150 each. It’s really – they are today, the only first class lab facilities for lease in China. We just had team there. We’re putting together our whole marketing plan, that construction is going well, we hope to have space available actually, some prebuilt space for moving late in the year. And our big challenge in that project in addition to executing it but which we’ve done I think very successfully so far is really getting incentive packages from both the local and national government to be granted to us to give to tenants as opposed to having tenants have to shop around the 30 locations in China comparing a benefit. We’ve now secured that as of – I think I may have mentioned in our Investor Day, I can’t remember but we have finally secured that on our last call and now we can actually go out and put forth an incentive package that is highly competitive. That was a critical step. So I think you’ll see activity through the balance of this year. We’re also working on another possible center in the heart of Beijing. We view China as you have to do it very carefully, very slowly and not get ahead of yourself. So we want to make sure we get fully leased on our 300,000 square foot building as rapidly as possible before we go to break ground on our next center in the heart of Beijing which will have a little bit of a different scope collaborating with the major universities. So it’s a bit of a different business model. But I think our goal is the journey of a thousand miles is the first step, I guess as was said in China and so we want to travel that road very, very carefully but clearly over the next decade or two China’s going to be huge and we think we’re well positioned to take advantage of that. In India, our view is a little bit different, the market is different, the infrastructure challenges are very different. But we view India as an easier nothing is easy in Asia but an easier market operating because it’s obviously free market. It’s not government control. And so we have a plan there to develop a series of clusters again in lab and related kinds of businesses much like the alumina business and life technologies and others and we think we have a great chance to kind of dominate that market. We did announce or – and we didn’t but there was an announcement in one of the newswire of an acquisition we made from Indian company of a project in Hyderabad. And so we think over the long term, India the benefit of India versus China in one sense is, it’s lower cost, the access to great people and intellectual capital there is pretty amazing because there is a very young highly educated population, and we think it make sense to have footholds in the two most important actually the two countries that have half the world’s population. So I don’t know if that answer is fully your question but.
Joel Marcus: We think so correct and a significant part of which we already have committed tenants in India, existing tenants.
Joel Marcus: 26 of future redevelopment projects that are not in the redevelopment schedule and 110 in actual redevelopment.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, let me rail through 110 on redevelopment, 70 on development, roughly 60 million in Asia, 26 on new redevelopments that are not in the redevelopment pipeline today. Roughly 16 million on pre-construction substantially all related to Binney and the remainder is unidentified. It’s a projection of spending that we think is likely the curve, but not specific to any project.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. Well, there are hosts of smaller tenants that looked at the East Tower and some of those were up at the Columbia incubator, some of them were in the suburbs Connecticut, New Jersey et cetera. And if you’re comparing prices and then having versus those, it’s obviously easier to kind of stay in those locations. I think the West Tower will be the anchors are probably the two that I mentioned if and when we decide to go forward with. That one is a large well known independent translational entity focused on a particularly disease area much like the Neuroscience Institute we have in the West Tower but it’s a standalone, it’s not, doesn’t have an affiliation per se aimed at commercializing products. And then secondly, there’s a pretty fast growing biotech company that has its eyes on a lot of space north of 100,000 square feet and this would be the logical location. So, those are the two most important current anchors that we would see. There could be some smaller tenants, I can’t tell you today exactly but we certainly have a list of one that have looked and express some interest but we haven’t, I mean we don’t really account those as logical or credible to kick off a project of that size although we do clearly own curtain wall and steel today.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, so what I can tell you is that several of those we are certainly engaged in finding other suitable facilities for it. So stay tuned and I will comment about a net positive absorption, yes some of it would be absolutely net positive absorption. And I think Illumina is a good example. There are number of entities that seek growth. They have existing facilities but they’re just not able to grow to the extent they need to grow to satisfy the platform and the business opportunity and so we hope to be there to provide that opportunity for them.James Sullivan – Cowen and Company: Good.
Joel Marcus: And that’s why we been pretty bullish on our prospects in San Diego.James Sullivan – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I don’t know that you can ever make a generalization. I think you really have to deal with the market reality and so today if we were to lease or do a deal in Binney Street which we’re working on some things or on our conversion at Tech Square. You really have to be responsive to a marketplace. And so the marketplace really dictates what roughly is marketing any given point in time and it changes pretty rapidly. And I don’t know that I can be more specific. There is no, it is always very market dependent and very time dependent in a given point in time.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: And I guess....
Joel Marcus: No, I’d say it’s been going on since we all emerged from the two-year debacle and that’s probably started in the spring. So, I don’t think there has been a noticeable shift. I mean you could look at one transaction or another and say does that make a data point back, I don’t think so. But I think if you’ve got a first class location you’ve got a first class facility and you have term and credit that isn’t even a lab product anymore that becomes, almost a desirable acquisition for anybody like the one I described pension fund the one I’d said, they just viewed it as a bond. So I think that’s prevalent, not only in this product I said broadly out there today. But if there are poor locations, poor quality and you’ve got some value out then I think the world kind of changes on that. So, I mean if you look at our markets, Lake Union kind of Mission Bay, the good places at San Diego you look at Cambridge, you look at Gaithersburg, Rockville in Maryland and New York city, I mean the cap rates there. If we’re to sell flagship assets with term and top quality tenants. Those things would be at very aggressive cap rates today.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Joel Marcus: And our payout ratio is historically book pre and post-crash, has been I think among the lowest in the industry. So, we have I think a good basis going forward. But as I was mentioned earlier, we certainly want to retain as much free cash flow as possible as well to reinvest in the business.
