Stephen Richardson: Thank you, Joel. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to focus on Alexandria outperforming in all of its key clusters. The company is driven by its most important asset our best-in-class team used with our unique business model has and will continue to outperform in each of our key clusters. The life science industry we serve as Joel just highlighted and noted in our recently released annual report is undergoing a knowledge explosion. And Alexandria is pioneering and now dominant position creating highly desirable world-class campuses and ecosystems in urban settings adjacent to the countries most productive life science research universities and institutions is providing excellent financial results. I'll go ahead and run through the market and really highlight the outperformance with again significant contributions from each of the markets. In Cambridge, our franchise-leading campuses totaling 5 million square feet now are uniquely positioned to continue capturing growth in the immediate term. Rents have grown to the upper 80s, with one in fact eclipsing $90 triple net. And market's 0.2 vacancy rate and three-point million square feet of demand, an increase over the 2.8 million square feet of demand last quarter provides ample opportunity for Alexandria to continue its strong renewal and re-leasing rent growth over the next several quarters, without having to wait several years or more to capitalize on this strong market. The San Francisco region has an availability rate of 1.9%, down from 3% last quarter with demand up from 2.5 million square feet to 2.9 million square feet. The 480,000 square foot lease with Pinterest at 88 Bluxome highlights another superb example of the trusted partnerships we've created with our tenants, as we will embark together on the efforts to secure our Prop M allocation and create a world-class destination, a truly remarkable achievement and kudos to the entire San Francisco team. In addition, two separate renewals totaling 83,000 square feet with rental rate increases ranging from 37% to 58% paired with modest tenant improvements contributed significantly to this quarter's record cash increase. Moving down to San Diego, have a very healthy market with just 5% to 6% direct vacancy in the core UTC and Torrey Pines clusters and demand now of 1.6 million square feet has increased over the 900,000 square feet from last quarter. Another important renewal rate that was 20% higher for 54,000 square feet in this market also supported the cash increases. Seattle's vacancy rate remains very low with 2.5% and demand ticked up to 611,000 square feet versus the 400,000 square feet from last quarter. And Peter will touch on the excellent leasing activity at our waterfront facility 188 East Blaine which positions the company well for future growth in this critical cluster. And finally, Alexandria's unique product offerings are increasing in RTP as demand has grown from 277,000 square feet to 392,000 square feet. Maryland as well continues to be in a contributor with a 35,000 square foot suite released at 35% increase against the backdrop of a market vacancy of just 4.4% and demand now nearly 300,000 square feet. So, in conclusion, as we look at these markets, our strong competitive advantage derived from our broad-based value proposition to the life science industry is clear from the financial results posted in each of our markets. The future for our operating and near-term development pipeline is very robust and we are energetically reaching well into our intermediate pipeline with significant leasing activity, as evidenced by the large lease with Pinterest. On this positive note, I'll hand it off to Peter.
Stephen Richardson: Hi. It's Steve. That's a wide breadth of companies there. So as you annunciated it, it's all of the above.
Stephen Richardson: I think we're seeing it very well distributed. You have continued demand in Mission Bay. The challenge of course is the supply constraint there. Equally strong in South San Francisco and we are seeing very positive demand down in the Greater Stanford cluster just as we anticipated. So it is broad-based in each of these core clusters, Tom.
Stephen Richardson: Well I think that relates to the question that was asked earlier about Seaport and some of the other locations. I think naturally you have to look at other locations, because doesn't matter how much capital you have there's a limited amount of land and limited amount of buildings in Cambridge. And so clearly people have to look at other locations in some fashion.
Stephen Richardson: Yeah. Rich this is Steve. I mean when you start looking at the mark-to-market in Cambridge right about 21%, San Francisco you got Mission Bay at 18%, South San Francisco as much as 27%, San Diego and UTC 11%, Seattle about 10%. So, in each of those markets, the mark-to-market opportunity is pretty significant. When you get into the individual sweeps that might be rolling, there may be a mix there. So that's not necessarily guidance for how it's all going to shakeout, when you roll it up. But I think across the board in those markets in particular, you can see it's pretty healthy.
Stephen Richardson: Dave, hi it's Steve. No, it is purely expansion. That was the clear intent. And that's the way this is a new expansions stand-alone lease. So they're very excited about that. And they are thoroughly enjoying their existing billing at 505 Brannan which has actually won a number of design awards. So that's an important facility for them.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. So I think Manny at the moment, we'd prefer not to make any comment on that. There are a lot of moving parts and I think in the future quarter or so we could give better color on kind of our view of the world. But at the moment, I think we're going to not make any comment.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure Jamie. It's Dean here. That's basically done if you look at the bottom of the table on the right side on page 6. We did complete the issuance of our unsecured notes. In fact, upsized it opportunistically, which allowed us to retire some additional secured notes on our balance sheet. So that's been taken care of. What we are laser-focused on and that's pretty true every year. We've always had a component of dispositions going through. So on top of the 75/125 partial interest sale, we have another at the midpoint roughly $300 million of dispositions predominantly spread over two transactions that are in process, so stay tuned there. And then I assume you're also asking about common equity. We never really disclosed when that happens, but it's an open item for us to focus in on through the remainder of the year.
Dean Shigenaga: No, I don't -- not necessarily. It's possible that a little of it, but Jamie we already have $750 million at the midpoint of our asset disposition program for 2019. So it's a pretty healthy volume. As we make our way through the two key transactions that are in process, we can give you more color once we get through those too.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Yes Sheila, so let me comment in two areas. First, as I mentioned in my prepared commentary, our run rate for last three quarters has been actually interestingly consistent averaging $8.9 million per quarter over the last three quarters. That might give you some sense of recent activity. To the extent that this type of environment with the types of investments we do hold, it's not unusual as to see something with a really great multiple come out. And to the extent there is one individual transaction like that, we'll exclude it from our run rate as we have historically. But hopefully, the commentary and you just look back over the last few quarters though as far as what they expect may be a better barometer, since we actually haven't provided specific guidance on that line item in our results for 2019.
Dean Shigenaga: Dave, its Dean here. Every year we look at our capital line carefully. Each year is slightly different and the needs. And it's interesting it's only April. Well, it's almost May. It's a day from May and we've knocked down a good chunk of our capital needs which we're very pleased with. The bond deal is very successful the JV sale 75/125 Binney Street was an outstanding transaction. And so over -- as we go through and look forward Dave we'll provide more color. We never really get into the weeds on timing and structure. I think it's safe to say that we'll remain disciplined in our approach and we want to be prudent and disciplined in how we go about raising capital. Eventually we'll be able to lock-in great returns on the cost to capital here whenever we get to the race. And then it will allow us to move on to whatever else remains open on sources and uses of that point probably. We talked about our dispositions but we're working on that as well. So, surely in the year but we're firing up on all cylinders right now.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think Pinterest, we did have an equity investment there and that will get marked up to market when we report I guess next quarter. And I guess it was this quarter, we do have a stake in Uber, so when that goes public that will get mark-to-market. And we have still Google stock, we bought in 1998. Although Google was down -- Alphabet down 8% or something today, but -- so we've done some highly selected investing in certain technology companies and I would continue to imagine that most money managers view the tech sector as one of the most positive sectors these days in the general market. So I think its best we're viewing it things are pretty solid and we stuck to really high quality either big cap public companies or selected unicorns we feel have really legitimate business models and highly disruptive impact to the economy.
Joel Marcus: Yeah our goal was not to get into the business of being a provider of real estate to the users here which are the dispensers of health care services. This is very unique. But what we did feel is we could make a difference and we spent a lot of time over a number of years trying to find the best place where we could make the best and biggest impact and that's Dayton for the reasons I enunciated. And we're trying to do a unique campus and a unique set of data-driven services that have never been done before from intake, literally from The Street to job placement. Not just you come in, you detox and you're out on the street in 28 days. I think the -- literally all those efforts fail wherever we've seen them. I don't think were going to be doing lots of sites or multiple sites because that's not our core business. But what we do feel is this is a model for every community in America which is hit hard and we'll make it -- we're going to make our secret sauce as available possible to the -- to other communities. Because we think this is something that private industry and the government should be partnering to really build throughout the country. So we're trying to be the tip of the spear, but not the spear.
Joel Marcus: And our -- we own the real estate 50-50 with Verily. Our payback period's about a 25-year payback period. So it's not fast. Our returns aren't as great as Peter's enunciation of our other things. But I do believe, this was a critical call to action where we have unique skills and Verily has unique skills. And I -- we could not have done it with something we really compelled to do.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So that's actually a good question. I happen to see that in your note. We actually a group of us have actually been at Center for Medicare Services not just for pharma industry, but a wider group and we have been working pretty intensively with CMS on this issue. This issue would only cover the third of people covered by Medicare. The international pricing mechanism is probably not the best, because the U.S. is supporting pricing to some extent overseas, which is kind of unfair. So not only the drug -- or the biopharma industry, but I think payers providers and a group of people all feel like there are some alternatives that are better and those are under intense discussion with CMS as we speak.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I'll let Dean answer that. But I think as you probably know Sheila, on the IPO, there is a standard six months lockup for all IPOs so that despite whether we wanted to or not selling after the IPO was limited to all participants. But Dean, can give you his view on.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. Sheila, so the total investment is $20 million, split 50-50 between Verily and Alexandria. The operator is actually a consortium. We have put together a non-profit consortium. I don't want to get to details, because there is a kind of a big grand opening in public announcement kind of mid-June where the Governor of Ohio and the Mayor of Dayton will participate with us and the Verily folks. But it is a -- when you think about tech or information driven, think about if you were able to understand the all of the data, human data from or as much as you can from everyone you intake, who has been impacted by opioid addiction or overdosing, and you build a database, the treatment mechanisms can be much more individually tailored if you have a set of data that is valuable versus just giving everybody the same detox schedule. It's like cancer. And everybody knows, everybody has a cancer patient in their family, and literally virtually there are no two cancers that are identical. It's one of the most heterogeneous sets of diseases that you can possibly imagine. And so treatment has to be really tailored for each patient, and that's what we're trying to get to. So people are treated almost like cattle. They're just brought in detoxed and thrown back on the street. That's just a recipe for disaster, and that's why we have 115 people every day dying.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. We think -- I mean think about what we have said on the call, half of our revenue is generated by investment-grade tenants, and/or big cap companies. And so we also believe in the Life Science industry that you have to really be a part of the entire ecosystem, which means from seed stage to grown-up stage. A good company example that I always like to use, we were involved in the Series A start-up of Alnylam up in Cambridge with our Science Hotel product. I think they took 4,000 or 7,000 feet. Today, they occupy hundreds of thousands of feet, and are multiple billions of dollars in market cap. So it's good to be there at the beginning, so we can pick the winners of the future, especially given the amazing progress and disruptive technologies today. So that's our goal in dealing with that product.
Joel Marcus: No, they don't. Tom, this is Joel. There are three products. One is lab -- lab office, and then the other is greenhouse, and they're all triple net leases and the lease structure is exactly the same. We just felt that -- and I think I may have mentioned. If I didn't, venture capital certainly is one indicator went from something like $8 billion over $16 billion over the last two years in the AgTech, and it didn't fall on deaf ears when we tracked those statistics to understand that more and more this world is about not only fighting disease, but it's about gaining good nutrition. And this is an industry – especially, given the huge consolidation among the big guys. Now there's only three, and the Chinese own one of them. That's really important for what we think is a huge launch of innovation in this area. So that's why we've kind of gone after that particular niche.
Joel Marcus: In fact -- I mean, it's much like New York. We've got I don't know 50-plus tenants in our campus in New York. Not a single one of them other than one that I can remember did research in New York before we had the campus. So the -- some of the AgTech stuff in north -- in the Research Triangle region as we call it -- really these are new companies being seeded by venture people, sometimes institutional investors and sometimes the big majors to do things outside of the big corporations. And so a lot of these are very new companies. Some are big, big existing companies, but there's a broad range of demand that gives us comfort down there.
Joel Marcus: Yes, because I mean if you look at Cambridge as an example and we are working day and night with tenants to try to direct them sometimes out of Cambridge most people want to be in Cambridge and our product is new Class A campus-like or rehab -- Class A rehab and that's where they want to be. They want to be in the best locations. And you have to remember that rental expenses aren't generally the biggest part of their budget. So I think that's why you see that that split. They're a lot of NewCos, same thing in San Francisco where they want to be in the best locations for interaction with UCSF et cetera. Going out to the burbs or to concrete tilt up buildings in lesser locations just aren't of great interest. So I think that's why you see -- I don't know that there's any right answer for what our credit amount should be, but I think 50%-plus is where we've been for a long time and fairly comfortable given lease durations of what we have.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if you just -- I'll ask Steve and Peter to comment as well because they're very granular with this. But if you look at the 2020 expirations, I think 24 we've got what 1.7 million square feet of -- which is about what 5.9% of the annual rental revenue. But if you look at the rental rates on the right-hand side in the markets, many of these are well below market.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So I said in the beginning we would give over the next couple of quarters more granular visibility into 2020, but maybe just keep it high level. I think it's pretty clear we'll be able to deliver way more than shells in 2020. I think we've got a very robust pipeline. I think we have a lot of great activity. And will save it for another quarter but we have a lot of confidence in the 2020 pipeline. I think if you look at this year's pipeline, just think about that as continuing on into 2020.
Joel Marcus: Yes. The big focus at the moment is on the two additional dispositions that Dean spoke about so that's kind of where our focus is.
