Peter Moglia: Sure. Thanks, Joel. There were two notable trades from other investors in the third quarter I’d like to highlight. The Heights at Del Mar, a 219,000 square foot office, lab building, two building campus which is located in the Del Mar Height submarket of San Diego was sold by Prudential for $126,350,000. The property anchored by Neurocrine Biosciences is also included an 89,000 square foot developed pad. So we estimate the cap rate to be 6.3% and the price per square foot of the improvements to be about $547. So, although, we were admires of this real estate and intimately knowledgeable of the project that it was Veralliance redevelopment, we chose not to pursue this investment based on the pricing and the nature of the tenant. Also 320 Charles Street in Cambridge traded for $52 million or $523 per square foot. The property is currently occupied by the Broad Institute, but will become vacant when Broad moves to their new 250,000 square foot building at Cambridge Center in the middle of next. We decline to pursue this opportunity based on the pricing expectations for this 1940s vintage building. So, with that, I’ll pass it over to Steve.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Fortunately, Jamie, 2014 only has a handful of leases on, I think there is two leases that are north of 60,000 square feet and their range are 60,000 to 70,000 square feet. One space, currently have subtenancy unit that will likely extend in that property. On the other space, we clearly expect a renewal on it. So again, the two largest roles for ‘14 are in the 60,000 square foot range.
Peter Moglia: Hey, Tony, this is Peter. There are just two good opportunities. One in our TP was a credit tenant, a tenant that we have a great relationship with, and want to build an even better one. At long term, lease and pricing was very good.
Peter Moglia: Right. So we really like that one and then the Barnes Canyon one in San Diego was something that Dan Ryan had looked at decade ago. It’s near the San Diego Tech Center. It’s a very vibrant area. There are lot of tenants in and around there because of the amenities and the access to the highway. And he really came in and said look we could get this for a very reasonable price. And I’ve got plans to redevelop it. And I think we could really hit a homerun. And so far that seems to be playing out. We have two tenants in that projects right now, one of them will be expiring by the end of the year but we’re already talking to tenant to backfill that space and a nice incremental yield. So both projects were very good opportunities and we wanted to capitalize on that. So we did.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Just to comment on the -- the reason that we haven’t met the original guidance on acquisition does not have anything to do with the amount of opportunities available. It has really been our selectivity on when where we wanted to place the capital. What we do next year, we’ll see at this point in time. I’m sure we’ll give better guidance at our Investor Day but there are plenty of thing available and not just in one or two markets but really broadly across all of our clusters.
Peter Moglia: Yeah. I mean, there certainly could have been a couple of things that, had they just gone another way, we could have easily sold it. But the negotiation cycle takes a while and because our product is actually a very invoked product, people -- in fact there is more and more investors that really like it. You get into some competitive situations then you feel like hey, go ahead, let this other guy pay that price forward, we will get the next one. So, I think this is just as simple as that. There has been plenty of opportunities. It’s just we are very selective and I think that you guys will quite appreciate that.
Steve Richardson: Thank you, Peter. And I’ll start with a quick overview and then touch on specific leasing items and finish up with couple of key trends of interest. So, overall, the Alexandria's life science cluster markets are very healthy. As we’ve been discussing, the Biotech Index has hit all time highs, liquidity is very strong with 42 IPOs to date raising nearly $3 billion, as well as large and small M&A activity, all driven by genuine clinical results. Alexandria is fully integrated regional teams lease to total of 829,533 square feet and 57 leases during this past quarter at our outstanding assets, driving occupancy gains of our North American operating portfolio did 95%, up 40 bps from last quarter. Also noteworthy is the occupancy rate of 94.5% when including the company’s redevelopment set of facilities, a clear indication of our ability to attract and retain the highest quality client tenants. Cash and GAAP quarterly leasing spreads increased by 4.1% and 16.5%, respectively with the major drivers not only including activity in Cambridge, Torrey Pines in New York but also the Greater DC market in South San Francisco. Finally, as Joel touched on the redevelopment and development pipeline, continues to make steady progress with 228,000 plus square feet leased this quarter and specifically increasing the lease and negotiating percentages to 68% at our New York facility, up from 56% last quarter and now 82% at 499 Illinois, up from 73% last quarter. To touch on the markets, specifically demand in Cambridge in the inner suburbs was very strong with 11 different life science tenants leasing space in the 5 to 15,000 square feet range in the mid to high 50s triple net. We are tracking approximately 1.6 million square feet of demand in this market, split roughly in half between life science and tech users, so obviously a very, very dynamic and robust market. The Greater DC market appears to have hits its trough and is rebounding, as we lease 203,000 square feet, highlighted by a 42,000 square feet lease to an important institute at a 3% in cash increase in a $32 triple net range and the market outlook has been further improved by our recently announced extension of an existing lease and a new long-term lease, totaling 135,000 square feet in the aggregate with the NIH at 9800 Medical Center Drive. Also, the Mission Bay market has tightened significantly, as UCSF leased 30,000 square feet on the sixth floor at 499 Illinois, while a high-quality public biotech company recently signed a lease for the entire fifth floor, comprising 43,680 square feet at the start of the fourth quarter. We have only 8,000 square feet on the first floor and 28,000 square feet on the second floor at 499 and are in active discussions for all of the remaining space with a number of tenants. Also, the South San Francisco submarket, the Bay area that continues to improve as we are nearly fully leased in the submarket after executing a lease for approximately 19,000 square feet with one of our second cohort companies in the mid 30s triple net range. Rounding out the clusters, RTP highlights include the 40,000 square foot lease with Novartis that Joel had mentioned, San Diego with a 25,000 square feet lease with a very promising public life science company in the mid 30s triple net and the Seattle market consummated lease with a 17,000 square feet tech tenant given the AAA location at 1551 Eastlake in the South Lake Union tech and life science corridor. Couple of key trends to really highlight here are the emerging company expansion formation is in full swing in Cambridge, San Francisco and San Diego. A recent Barron's article detailing the success of Third Rock Ventures portfolio companies, as well as a recent liquidity event for venture firms, venBio and Novo, of an acquisition of a San Diego biotech company, all are contributing to the creation of another platform for demand coming from the life science sector during the next one, two and three years. And also notable to consider the imperative for these life science companies to remain committed to and expand their mission-critical facilities was clearly evident as noted and the lease is consummated in the DC and RTP area. It’s both a strategic and operational necessity and this positively impacts our franchise. Finally with the Seattle market’s ability to capture demand from the tech sector, this is continuing the trend that was started earlier in the year in the San Francisco Bay Area and positively highlights the desirability of our AAA locations in these key brain trust location clusters and supports rental growth, along with our dominant life science client tenant base. With that, I'll hand it over to Dean.
Steve Richardson: It's about 120,000 in total and two spaces and I believe their lease is currently go out to roughly 2019 on this space.
Steve Richardson: In South China, we have a lease out for signature that will be finalizing shortly here that will lease the balance of the projects there. So that one particular facility will be fully stabilized and again that should be done very shortly here with a credit tenant.
Steve Richardson: Sheila, just to add or to clarify that. We’ve just seen a real resurgence in the emerging companies, both at the formation stage and the expansion stage. So as I referenced, the Cambridge market there had 11 different leases, all between 5,000 and 15,000 square feet. And we’ve just seen historically that those will mature and a number of them will advance. So we’ve seen quite a bit of growth. The same thing is happening in the south San Francisco market. Now historically we’ve talked about the large overhang there from the Amgen blocks of space but when you segment the market for smaller box of space say 10,000 to 50,000 square feet, you’ve only got 2.9% vacancy. So, again, field by venture capital firms that have a lot of liquidity through M&A activity, through IPOs and so you are really setting the stage for another cycle of demand as we did number of years ago.
Steve Richardson: Dave, I think, again, looking at the 2014 rolls and we have got probably a good 30% under negotiations there, only about 600,000 square feet remaining, half of that is in the mix of Boston in the Bay area. So I think we will have plenty of quality leasing opportunities there. We have talked about near-term development and redevelopment opportunities whether they might emerge from acquisitions that, Peters, had talked about or that we have highlighted in the supplemental as well. So, I think, we have plenty of near-term growth opportunities both in the operating portfolio and the development and redevelopment portfolio as well.
Steve Richardson: We used to do, well, we’ve focus on that pretty much but a lot of that was in the 495 corridor out in the outer suburbs of Mass.
Steve Richardson: Right. It was part of an OP unit transaction that we had consummated several years ago up in South San Francisco with a partnership there and so as part of the recapitalization in the OP units, yes, we did acquire that Walgreen’s for this partner.
Dean Shigenaga: Thanks, Steve. Same property performance for the year of 2013 is solidly on track for our target of about 5% to 7% on a cash basis and up 1% to 3% on a GAAP basis. Cash-same property performance of 6.5% for year to date ‘13 was driven primarily by contractual annual increases in rent, lease up of temporary vacancy in the first half of ’12, specifically in Cambridge at 790 Memorial and 300 Technology Square and rent commencement for Illumina in San Diego in October of 2012. We completed 461,000 rentable square feet of development and redevelopment projects. These are detailed on Page 26 of our supplemental package, including disclosure of NOI contribution for the second quarter, third quarter and fourth-quarter for your models. On average, our initial stabilized yields on a cash and GAAP basis are up 20 basis points and 10 basis points respectively and our average cash yields are up 10 basis points over our prior disclosures. Debt to adjusted EBITDA was 6.8 times and fixed charge coverage ratio was about 2.8 times and by year-end we're projecting improvement in leverage of approximately 6.5 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio of about 3 times. Non-income-producing assets drop to 19% of gross real estate, down from 23% at the beginning of the year. Outstanding debt under our bank facilities were reduced by over $800 million, or approximately 42% since the beginning of the year. In addition to the $55 million of land under contract for sale, it started to close in December of ’13. We also have $30 million of additional land sales under negotiations that are targeted to close in 2014. The largest sale was approximately $20 million to residential developer in Seattle. As Joel mentioned, we expect to continue to identify additional land parcels for sale in 2014. Our unhedged variable rate debt was 10% as of 9/30 and we anticipate executing additional interest rate swaps or caps in the fourth quarter to mitigate a portion of our future unhedged borrowings. We updated our EPS guidance on a diluted basis to a range of $0.54 to a $0.58. We also narrowed our range of guidance for FFO per share as adjusted for 2013 to a range from $4.38 to $4.42, with no change in the midpoint of our guidance. Detailed guidance assumptions for 2013 are included on Page 4 of our earnings release. Our guidance this year includes our FFO per share target of a $1.16 for the fourth quarter of 13, representing a $0.10 per share growth over the third quarter of ‘13, driven primarily by the following. The third quarter of ‘13 development and redevelopment deliveries, net of the impact of capped interest is highlighted on Page 26 and that shows the NOI ramp quarter-to-quarter on an FFO basis that’s driving about $0.05 of the growth going from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We also have some fourth quarter deliveries that are scheduled late mid-December on the West Tower spaces and 4757 Nexus, that’s going to drive about $0.01 of FFO per share, the acquisition is about $0.01. We had some early leased extensions at 455 Mission Bay Boulevard South, driving about $0.05, some other items of about a penny and then lastly the repayment of about $100 million of our term loan in the quarter with outstanding cash or cash we had on the balance sheet. Percentage rent at tax recorded in the fourth quarter, primarily from parking and the lease up and delivery of space ahead of plan at 951 Gateway drove about a $0.015, so that’s about a $0.10 aggregate growth as we go into the fourth quarter. With that, I will turn it over to Joel.
Dean Shigenaga: That’s correct, Gabe. It’s Dean here. We’re still working on the core and sell and none of the interior improvements have started yet.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Sheila, the answer to your question as far as contribution, it’s roughly call it 700,000 of NOI coming in, that’s fairly small because its being delivered, call it mid December and so -- when you roll it into the first quarter, you get a nice (inaudible) adjustment.
Dean Shigenaga: Sheila, let me just add. I think as you keep in mind this project which commenced about 12 months ago. So we’re fortunate to be able to actually deliver space as quickly as we can later this year. And we’re going to continue to work on the fed up and lease up with the remainder of the space. So I think I have taken some questions over time where the capitalization would see in ‘14. I don’t expect it on the project as we had quite a bit of construction to continue to lease up.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. That’s true. There might be a couple very small things, very small things, very small in the fourth quarter.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if you think about what we just said or what I said in the opening remarks, 50% of our annual base rent is from investment grade tenants. I’m not sure how many REITs out there have that kind of credit in their portfolio especially in our world, in the biotech and pharma industry but just broadly across even the office -- the office guys. It’s such a -- over tech guys. I think it’s pretty extraordinary. I don’t see any big credit risk at all. Certainly, the -- if you take what Steve said, this has been over the past year and half, the best of times in the biotech and pharma industry. There are some exceptions by companies but industry wise, this has been the best time since really the hay day of the Internet when biotech also reached to peak back in ‘99, 2000, 2001. I think if you look at Ariad, biotech is a tough business in general of producing, inventing and then going through the development stage and then ultimately producing medicines for the commercial application. And I would say if you look at almost any number of the top-tier biotechs, virtually all of them have been on the brink at one time or another. I think Tom Andrews reminded me the other day that Ariad’s situation with safety post marketing reminded us of Biogen in the mid 2000s with Tysabri when they were approved in ‘04, pulled from the market in ‘05, put back on the market in ‘06 and had sales approaching $1 billion in 2012. My own view on Ariad is that the jury is still out. The story is still to be written. I think if you look at the deep science behind it, it's pretty clear that this product has an impressive scientific feet because it is not only able to hit the CML and the so-called gatekeeper mutations but it could be effective in a range of other potentially even more important cancers including things like GI Cancer, thyroid cancer, lung cancers, which actually have a much, much larger potential. So I think the drop of 75%, 80% in their stock that’s happened on a number of occasions to a number of the big guys today. I think it determine -- it will be determined over the coming weeks, months and over a period of time, over the next year or two to see what the ultimate story is. But we are ready for all eventualities.
Joel Marcus: And the total rolling about a million square feet is 7.4% of the portfolio. It’s actually well below the average we had. So we feel pretty good about that.
Joel Marcus: I think we’ll talk more specifically on our Investor Day in December but very broad strokes, Jamie, I’d say directionally, relatively in line with our overall performance on leasing or at least our goals for leasing this year.
Joel Marcus: Right. I think there are 26 lands down which is in the Forest City, University Park area. Those buildings -- at least their main building which has been their headquarters building for a long time is a pretty older-like building. I don't know that it's functionally fit for the company, assuming the company continues to make and recover -- make progress and recover from this hit. So clearly that's a factor. I think the properties are well over 20 years old. So when you talk about where they're coming from, that's where they're coming from and obviously the expansion was going on one metric and given the safety issues, even though it's cancer and then the change in direction on the clinical trial obviously, they've announced they are going to do an earnings call on November 6 when they will give kind of an update. I think the larger question is, in both buildings that we have we feel very good about the ability. We had those today let's say Ariad didn't exist and we have those buildings available for lease in Cambridge, both as single-tenant, two single tenant buildings or two multi-tenant buildings. We feel very good about excellent location and they're very functional. The floor plates are really ideal for kind of lab office. I think the only impact that we see as we move along on the Binney Street project is clearly we want to see this resolved before we announce any further start which we were thinking about doing in 2014 of 50 Binney. So we will clearly wait to see how Ariad gets resolved before we do anything there. So I think that's the practical outcome. And Steve talked about we're tracking about 600,000 to 800,000 square feet of demand in the Cambridge area, some that’s even not known to brokers while we know from CEOs of companies who are looking but haven't engaged brokers. We know of a shadow pipeline that's even larger than that.
Joel Marcus: Well, now construction multi-tenant probably is in the low-to-mid 60s. That’s just where they are today. Ariad’s rent is north of that. So there would be a difference but I’m presuming Ariad is not folding up its tent and going away. Very few companies do that. Beyond this drug, the company does have a pipeline but I believe and I think others believe that this drug has some greater use than the CML use. And if they are successful in treating other types of cancer, this could be a Tysabri story again. And I think again we’ll have to see.
Joel Marcus: No. I think you know just in this business and in any business of selling a land, it is extraordinarily like pulling teeth. We’ve had a number of sales through the year. I think we’ve done pretty well. We’ve got a number teed up and others that were looking to move forward. It’s just one of our timing and diligence and also where you have to repurpose the use. It just takes time. Buyers aren’t willing necessarily especially if you’ve got a resi situation to take the property without contingency. So we just have to be patient and I am sure we’ll be able to do a good job of hitting some important targets as we get through the fourth quarter and well into 2014.
Joel Marcus: And they were actually very instrumental in getting us involved in this property which is sometimes unusual when it comes from a tenant.
Joel Marcus: And we looked at -- I mean if you look at, there is a large volume of projects in the market today. And we have said on other calls, we kind of think strategic optionality is the best way to think about it. We look at everything and we should be aware of everything and it’s been a pretty active market issuance. Peter also highlighted two deals we looked at but didn’t pursue that ultimately closed.
Joel Marcus: I would say we have no updates since last quarter. We are still working on that but Steve, you could talk about the one lease we’re about to sign in South China.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Dean can give you a little bit more details on the onboarding of income but we do -- we will deliver to Roche in December. We also have find, as you know, a lease with a credit tenant for 12000 additional fee. And as I highlighted in my commentary, we’ve got a number of tenants, both credit and non-credit that we’re actually not training people or not just -- at a lot of intent stage, we’re actually at a more robust lease negotiation stage for an additional approaching 84,000 square feet, could be three or four users. So that would bring us up and I think there’s a high probability of virtually all that happening. So that would bring us up to about 68%, almost 70% by year end. Which I think would be pretty -- pretty amazingly dramatic. We feel very good. There is a good demand in the market place. We have interest from Europe, from Japan, obviously domestically. So we see it as -- as we said and as we told the city of New York we view this as a destination. Dean, I don’t know if you want to comment on it.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So if were at 68% or almost 70%, we aren’t including in there additional -- we're hoping Roche expense in the project. None of the 84,000 square feet under lease negotiation right now includes Roche expansion but we just had Franz Humer in the building. And he basically told the packed audience including the deputy mayor and quite a number of other dignitaries that he was certain that Roche would want to expanded its footprints. So we hope that it is a 2014 event as well.
Joel Marcus: Specifically, we’ve just got the 8,000 square feet left on the first floor, 28,000 square feet on the second floor. We have roughly a million square feet portfolio in Mission Bay, so this represents the last remaining space. We are in active discussions with people for all of that space and I would expect probably be two or three tenants. And if we are not completed by the end of the year, it would be very shortly after what maybe just one small piece remaining. But our hope would be we would have that completed close to year end.
Joel Marcus: We’ve had some ongoing discussions but I think it’s fair to say the November 6 is important date because they’ll publicly unveil their reorganization plan to address the issues that have been kind of trust upon them. So any substantive progress has got to wait for that public unveiling. But yes, we’ve had ongoing discussions so, but I’m not at the moment able to tell you anything more.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. That’s a super great question and as soon as we found out about this, we asked our self that exact same question. And so one thing that’s pretty shocking that happens rarely, Tysabri is maybe a good example. Obviously, Ariad’s drug is one of the latest example. But it’s pretty unusual when you have a product that’s been allowed on the market by the FDA and cancer is different than some of the chronic diseases because cancers are generally terminable by and large in many cases. How a safety profile arose the way it arose, I think that was pretty surprising and pretty unusual. I don’t really want to comment more beyond that but I would say that was pretty unusual. And I think there will be a lot discussed in the New England Journal commentary on November 7th about dosing and that’s obviously a critical issue. But let me just say this, this was pretty unusual. What you normally find is a company that’s working on development and then the product just doesn’t work. In other words, the clinical trial was a bust and everybody goes home and the company goes on, either with another pipeline product or if they are one-trick pony then that’s it and that’s few and far between. Most have multiple pipelines but I think the safety profile issue coming up the way it does, I think it’s unknown at the moment at least to those of us who have seen just the base data. How many people had cardio problems going into the trial who had preexisting issues? I think that’s an issue that has to be explored. There is a whole range of things, so I think the answer is you really have a couple of choices. If you do a, I mean we didn’t go forward with Ariad until the product was approved and that gave us a high level of confidence, obviously one doesn’t anticipate very often the safety issue coming back. But yeah, we will be very thoughtful and careful about how we think about development projects even the companies that have a single product on the market as we go forward in the past, I think that wasn’t of greater concern, but obviously this shows that it needs to be, even if it’s once in a every few years, it still is a big question. But I do believe as I said, I think the nature of this product I think, Ariad’s got a good shot if they can respond to the FDA properly. And if they are able to use this in a broader set of indications, this could be an interesting product, assuming it’s not CML limited. But anyway the answer in short is yes, we are clearly looking carefully.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think the set that we are looking at has stayed pretty large throughout the entire year. I think as Peter said it’s the selectivity that’s been unusual and also I think again if something doesn’t really line up, we generally pass on it. But also there is a cycle of bringing things through the acquisition pipeline in some but not ours but sellers and it takes a whole lot of time. I don’t know Peter you could comment.
Joel Marcus: And I mean, I think one property that Peter will comment on next quarter it hasn’t closed and it’s in process is I wont say where it is. I mean, what it is, but it’s a property in Cambridge. It’s a property we were kind of interested in but as we heard the whisper number and it’s a good size property, maybe in the -- I can’t remember the exact amount but pretty good size, combination of office and lab. When we heard the whisper number, we just kind of pulled away and said that doesn’t really make sense and so we didn’t even bid on it. But there was a pretty fierce bidding war among the number of institutional investors and a whole lot of pension funds we heard. But that was one that again when it started, when it came up on our pipeline, we said wow. Given location to us, we’ve really liked it, liked the combination but then when it got to the point of what brokers were putting out on the market as the whisper number we just said, it just wasn’t of interest to us. So, I mean that’s a good example.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think what we’ll do is let and what you just said is correct, we wouldn’t see starting the Third Tower in New York, little too early. We’ve got some leasing to do and clearly until Ariad is resolved to our satisfaction, we wouldn’t kick-off another project on Binney. But we’ll update and we’ll give you very granular detail on the spend number for ’14 when we do our Investor Day. I don’t think I want to preempt at this point.
Joel Marcus: Well, we do have under negotiation as what I commented on which is the $30 million, but we have also broadly accommodated, George, that we are looking at different parcels and I think, we will provide more color over Investor Day and possibly the next couple quarters on exactly what we might monetize next year.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think we look at it on a submarket by submarket basis. I think if you look at the supplement pretty closely you can see us pushing forward a couple of parcels in Seattle. We have very robust demand up there and we have very little product to meet that demand similar in San Diego. I think that’s also true. So I think you will see those two markets will be pushing ahead both development and redevelopments, New York no, obviously Cambridge no, until 75/125 is resolved. We do have -- we have done a good job of leasing space up in Maryland. We are getting tighter there even in North Carolina. I was at the meeting the other day and there was interesting immediate requirement for a fairly large amount of space, we can’t deal with but we are hoping to capture the long-term opportunity through a development there. So, yeah, it’s a little bit of a good conundrum or quandary where we have demand and we don’t necessarily have absolutely immediately available space of the size that they are looking for, I guess that’s a good thing. And remember too, I think, this sector and the sector obviously go through its own mutations, but is less dependent upon the general economic environment and much more dependent upon, it’s really event driven and so that’s what we have to be focused on. On chronic vacancy, you mentioned, do we have any spaces? We did have a few spaces in the suburbs say at Massachusetts over the past year or two that or three years that we viewed as chronic. We had trouble getting traction. We had one tenant we do something with and then it kind of flaked out on us. But we have been very successful, Tom, in the team of leasing virtually all the chronic vacancy. I don’t know Peter or Steve if you know of anything out there that today we would say is just tough space. There are some buildings that may have like a basement level space of 5,000 to 10,000 that just happens that isn’t ideal, but short of that kind of a minor rounding everything, I don’t think we have much.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And I think our dispositions that we made late last year and early this year helped not only to give us some capital to recycle, they helped resolve some of the submarket issues we just were in love with and I think that turned out to be a good thing for us.
Joel Marcus: Absolutely, as I just mentioned, Mike, we clearly, while 50 and 100 residential on Binney, obviously we are moving forward with a bunch of infrastructure and things like that we have to do. But as far as moving round up we certainly aren’t going to do that till Ariad area is resolved. I think you will see us move Science Park pretty quickly. I think Illumina will move at some point here, Campus point as well, New York will hold off and then both Seattle’s will move. So I think of the ones I mentioned and I mentioned just a moment ago, San Diego and Seattle, I think you will see move pretty rapidly in 2014. We are trying to make sure we have the entitlements perfected in any upzoning for increased FAR to get maximum advantage and then in Seattle we have literary tenants in hand who we know need space, so that would probably go very fast in San Diego. We know also Illumina has certain demands. We know down there, LIlly, UCSD have demand on space and in the Science Park we have, Dean circled a tenant or two. So I think on Investor Day we will give you a more detailed rollout of those, but I think you will see those move ahead aggressively in predevelopment and hopefully as best as possible in development where it makes sense where we have got a target of tenant. We clearly won’t do just random spec development but we will make sure we have got tenants soft circled or hard circled.
Joel Marcus: Well, yeah, the answer is we are trying to get a approval to divide that building into two buildings. We think one would be easy for tech because we have been approached on that by tech opportunities and the other potentially, so it would be 200 and somewhat 1000 square feet building, so we are going through the design work and the approval work right now. But, yeah, we still would like to go maybe one tech and one lab there, but we wouldn’t start anything at all even if it was tech just until we resolve 75/125 to our satisfaction.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. We are, as I said, looking for an investment partner to go forward with this platform, we think it’s a great platform, it’s lead by our number one Novartis. We think it offers a great opportunity and we are well into discussions and we hope that we can bring in a partner to really help us move that platform forward.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. We did it. That’s new headquarters. Now don’t know anything about it. Let’s Peter have doing random, he has gone road.
Joel Marcus: We want to just thank you very much and we’ll talk to you on year end and fourth quarter in February. Thanks again everybody.
