Peter Moglia: Just we have a number of properties on the docket to do the same thing, too. We’re recycling capital, putting it back into great projects we have in our value creation pipeline. So it was efficient capital to harvest and reinvest.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I’d agree with that and as it consistent with my comments, I would say it’s a normalized rate that corresponds to the last few years if you take out 2021, which was an outlier. But it’s broad. And it’s still, we’ve talking about it for a while how all of our clusters have been doing well that continues to be the case.
Peter Moglia: We’ve had a consistent buyer pool and all of our activities over the last few years. We generally try to keep it limited. We don’t want to disperse too much information to a broad audience. And those players have continued to show up for our deals and it has resulted in the cap rates. So, on an unlevered IRR basis, yes, I’m sure that it’s higher than it was. I know in the peak times people were underwriting to a 5 or less. I can’t tell you what they’re doing today, but obviously it’s gone up. But with our product type, the rental growth, you can pay a 4 something cap rate. And with the annual increases in our leases and with market rent growth, you can exceed 6%, 7% pretty easily on an unlevered basis these days.
Peter Moglia: Yes. And this is Peter. You should harken back to Hallie’s comments in the beginning, where she talked about the fact that it takes, on average, about 10 years to get something to the clinic. So demand for life science real estate is much more inelastic and can’t necessarily be varied due to current macroeconomic conditions. The companies need to continue to press on to get their revenue-producing project to market. We look – we did a look back to the great financial crisis a little while ago and noticed that the change in occupancy from the start to the end was negligible. I think it was maybe a 40 basis point swing at the trough. So our business is extremely resilient and it needs to be – or just because of the industry’s profile, it will continue to be, nothing’s changed from that aspect.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I mean, supply continues to be tight. So as new opportunities come about we are – we have continued to increase rents. We’ve – and what we typically, even in our new developments as we lease them up, that they do tick up a percent or two over time. So I guess macro wise, without trying to predict what the actual percentages are, they are still increasing at this point in time and we don’t see any evidence that that’s going to slow down.
Peter Moglia: Yes, and we have been receiving some anecdotes of projects that were on the radar that are not going to happen. Even a couple that started construction that paused, I mean, I talked about cost escalations in my prepared remarks, and they continue to wreak havoc and go into a lot of percentages because I didn’t want to talk for 20 minutes. But just year-over-year from Q2 2021, I’m sorry, Q3 2021 to Q3 2022, they were about 13.5%. So it has just become very expensive and I think that’s giving a lot of sobering up a lot of people that were ready to jump in and try to get involved. So we don’t expect there to be a huge supply problem in any of our markets. From what we see under construction it looks to be a fairly normal rate in a normal environment at this point. And as long as that continues everyone’s being rational. We should continue to see good rent growth, not 2021 rent growth, but not the hockey stick that we experienced that Joel referenced. But good, and usually over time, we’ve exceeded inflation. And I’m not saying we’re going to do that now with the inflation numbers, but as soon as inflation normalizes, I would imagine that we would continue to exceed it.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I also think you have to pay attention to the time we’re in. So I think tenants are given today’s inflationary spiral and kind of what’s going on broadly. I think tenants are maybe somewhat, it depends on the size, the nature and so forth. Bigger tenants are more attuned to this, but I think a little less attuned to sustainability today and more focused on the recruitment, retention and return of their workforce. And then also recognizing that if you just read any number of articles on China’s major ramp up of coal-fired plants and coal use and certainly in India too, it’s pretty clear by scientists almost no matter what we do here in the United States, until that part of the equation is solved for the Planet Earth these, these measures aren’t going to make a difference in global warming.
Joel Marcus: Well, and I think one of the other things is we have some fabulously large opportunities up on the Mesa and Torrey Pines, two very large-scale development sites that we’re working on. And so we have no shortage of Class A opportunities in the best submarket in San Diego.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we’ll – if you’ll hold your question to Investor Day, I think we’ll be able to give you a very good view of that. And I think we have an interesting set of alternative plans given what may unfold in 2023, given how we think about Plan A, Plan B and Plan C that might unfold out in the general economy. But I think it’s fair to say and Dean can comment where we have very strong leasing opportunities, we’ll clearly look for ways to accelerate those opportunities and fund them carefully with the best sources of capital. But Dean, I don’t know if you want to comment any further. I think we wait until Investor Day to give you a eyeballs view of that.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I mean, Tony, the one thing to think about what Dean just discussed about yields, how that bears on our decision-making is useful to think about our decision not to go forward with that specific project. So that clearly is – weighs on our decision to go or not to go in every single case.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So this is Joel. Hey Steve and welcome back. I think we’d like not to answer that question at a granular level. I think it’s pretty proprietary and as we said, 87% of our leases this quarter, for example, came from our tenant base. And I think it would not be useful for us to go into granular detail on that. But I can tell you and Peter can comment broadly demand is solid in all of our markets at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Yes, and I would add a gloss on that, Steve. Think about what both Hallie and I said this is not a – these are episodic – this is an episodic industry, so to speak, not really driven macroeconomically. And so demand often is generated by clinical data readouts, regulatory readouts and updates and sometimes M&A where somebody buys a company and then wants to expand. We’ve seen that. We’ve seen it on the other hand where they may buy a company and roll it up, but oftentimes companies are bought for their talent unless you’ve got a kind of just a product opportunity. So I think that’s how you have to think about it.
Joel Marcus: Well, that’s a complicated question. I’m not sure we have the time or ability on this call to go in market-by-market, not sure we want to do it. But I mean, I think if you look at New York as a great example. We’ve pioneered the first commercial life science center and campus in New York City. There’s millions and millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions of square feet, and there are a number of projects that are being worked on there. The demand has been fairly modest. It’s early stage. And it’s pretty clear that literally almost most buildings in New York can’t be converted from office to laboratory and probably wouldn’t want to be given the market. So, I think you have to look at that on a submarket-by-submarket basis. I don’t even think you could look at it as an overall market-by-market basis. And we know from Boston, there have been a handful of conversions. We know, in particular, a recent case downtown, where somebody kind of jury-rigged an office building, brought in some smaller tenants, and we know the smaller tenants have experience both for the developer who’s never done it before and the tenant massive cost overruns on that conversion. So – but as I say, just look at, again, 87% of our leases come from our existing tenants, we feel very good about our ability to continue to generate steady demand in these markets. And we’ve been through the cycles. We are through the cycle in 2000, 2001, the big tech up bus bubble, if you will, and 2008 and 2009 with a big financial crisis. So, we’re fully prepared and I think our portfolio or asset base really is in great shape.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So, we’ve been very protected. I don’t know, Hallie, do you want to comment on that? Because you’ve had a number of conversations about the health of the – and the diversity of our tenant base and the credit quality.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so Peter, I don’t know if you want to comment. I think, we’re still seeing rent growth in almost not necessarily all of our markets, but in almost all of our markets. It certainly won’t keep pace with the hockey puck growth that you’ve seen over the last year or two, the kind of COVID years. But I think it remains, I mean, just look at the numbers we posted this quarter and last quarter was an indication of kind of where things are and how they look like they’re kind of settling out on a normal run rate. But Peter, I don’t know if you want to comment macro.
Joel Marcus: Yes, and I think, again, you have to look at that question really almost has to be asked submarket-by-submarket, not market-by-market, Dave.
Joel Marcus: What goes on in Cambridge is going to be far different than what goes on in Somerville, for example.
Joel Marcus: Yes. But again, you have to take that supply issue submarket-by-submarket again, what supply might be in Cambridge versus what it might be in Somerville. It’s talking about like night and day out a handful of years. So you have to think about, you can’t generalize even do a market about supply, but it’s pretty clear in addition to I think the important points Peter raised about either capital pausing or operators pausing. I think it’s pretty clear cities are having and other jurisdictions, it’s just tougher to get things approved, they’re requiring more concessions. Residential is becoming a big – a big issue. We know in some jurisdictions if you don’t have a resi as part of your project you’re in a long line. If you have it, you may go to the head of the line. So a lot of dynamics now on a national basis that are I think changing and that will be a good check on supply.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well, I would refer you to and a good question to our September 12th press release where we talked about a range of issues in New York. New York is a very complicated market. It still remains a small company market. I’ll come back to that initiative in a moment. Probably 250,000 square foot of lease – actual leasing last year. So that’s a very small market. We started that market. There were literally only two commercial companies in New York doing research when we started, today the number approaches 75, 80 or more, but it’s a slow growth. It’s gestation period is 25 years or more. We’re 12 years into it. So the market is not going to be grown by any supply. It’s going to be grown by capital helping create companies. That’s the only way that market is going to grow. You’re not going to have big farmers like they’re doing, like we signed these two leases a quarter or two ago with Lilly in Boston and BMS, Bristol Myers and San Diego. You’ll never see that in New York because of the just the nature of the topography and geography there. You’ve got very high tax burden and you’ve got some safety issues going on now that hopefully maybe the Governor and others will wake up to. But it’s – that’s the kind of market it is. It’s a small company market, it’s a great place, but it’s different than every other market. It’s unique compared to all the other clusters. With respect to the State and City effort in Kips Bay there, it’s a pretty broad and deep effort. Much of it is institutional and governmentally driven. There is a, a thought of building or a plan to build a tower in that area, but probably to get, go through the land use approvals will take two plus years and then go through an RFP process and then the development process it’s maybe a decade away. But I think what’s really needed is company creation there to really continue to foster the demand. And that’s kind of, I mean, we know that market because we literally help create that market so that that’s the state of play there.
Joel Marcus: Well, those are I mean, I think it’s good anytime you can continue to build infrastructure for institutions and governmental bodies that are doing research or developing. Part of that is health care delivery services which we’re not involved with. So those are all good things. That’s the East Side Medical Corridor really at its best. We’re anchored between Bellevue and NYU and that’s why we chose that site when we responded to the RFP by Mayor Bloomberg. But I think it’s fair to say what really is needed is capital and company formation because that will be the lifeblood that will really grow that market over time. And what we’ve helped grow it over the last 12 years. That’s what it’s been.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think as Hallie said, there’s been an all-time high venture fund capital raise this year, and that is kind of invested sprinkled out over a three, four, five maybe even longer time period. And I think it’s fair to say that great companies with great technology, high unmet medical needs, protected IP, good IP, just really smart people at the scientific helm and the business helm will generally always attract capital. I mean, we invested in Alnylam back in 2003 when it was a startup company because we felt that RNAi had great promise, but it took 15 to 20 years to prove, but it was a great investment. That company has gone on to do great things and has a huge footprint in Cambridge. And then in 2013, which again was before the bull market started to happen, we took an early investment in Moderna and everybody knows the story there. So sometimes down markets as things are, valuations are better, and they give you interesting opportunities that really are focused on totally, I would say, groundbreaking technologies that may create tremendous opportunities for shots on goal on so many of the diseases that we’re all suffering from. So – that’s how we look at it. So yes, good time to invest.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think what I would just add to Joel’s comments is that we sit in a pretty unique position. We have the benefit of some of the best located land parcels for life science use in these core cluster markets and really positioned from the standpoint of optionality is the best way of thinking about it. Meaning, we have the tenant roster that, as Joel mentioned, 87% of our leasing activity comes from. We have the land sites. So we really have the option to meet the demand. So we have that flexibility. And so I think that’s the best way of thinking about our pipeline. It gives us options. We don’t have to address it, but it gives us plenty of options.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure. It’s Dean here. So as you know, the disclosures we had about a little bit more than $38 million in impairment charges. It was primarily related to 1 project that which we no longer chose to proceed forward with. It was a development project, about 600,000 rentable square feet. The parcel was located in California. We did not own the land. We had pretty significant cost incurred, but it was really our investment to date, which was significantly related to the entitlement work for the site. And the reason for not moving forward with the project was very specific to the financial outlook for the project. There was no lease, re-lease negotiation related to the project to be clear. And beyond that, I guess, we’re not in a position to comment much further on the project. But as you’ve heard from us on this call and over the last several quarters, it’s really important to keep in perspective that we did lease about 2.7 million rentable square feet of development and redevelopment space just in the first three quarters of 2022. So it’s very specific to the project.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. By and large, they’re getting close to being locked up in the sense of – as you go through a lease negotiation and execute a lease, both sides of the relationship landlord and tenant will work through a fairly detailed budget. Once the lease is executed, the tenant moves forward their side to refine their cost estimates as they get into really the details. So big picture, we have a sense of the yields. The exact yields will be refined as the tenant finalizes the extreme details of their build-out. And then on the cost side, as you’ve heard from us for many quarters now, we do build in contingencies to protect us from construction cost escalations. And as we usually do, we’ll make disclosures of those yields as soon as we can. And generally, that time line is consistent with once the tenant finalizes the details of their project design. So it usually lags disclosures of lease-up. But I think the important thing to recognize is we had no changes in cost at completion for any of our projects on an unfavorable – from an unfavorable perspective nor on yields. We did have one project that had an increase in cost at completion, but it corresponded with a pretty significant increase in revenue as well. So we’re generating for solid return on the incremental capital. So our team has done a tremendous job managing costs in a very unusual environment when you have to consider supply chain considerations and just continued escalations in construction costs.
Dean Shigenaga: I think it’s tough, Tony, to speculate about yields on a specific project because every project is very unique, the location, the nature of the build, the complexity of the build and specifically the back and forth negotiation with our relationship tenants. I would say, generally speaking, we’ll do the best we can to push yields in the right direction upwards by managing our construction costs carefully looking for opportunities to become more efficient, but that’s not a simple task as we all know, you can’t just cut cost. You have to do that very carefully. And hopefully, the rental rate environment continues to support upward movement in that direction, which would translate hopefully into ongoing upward direction in returns or yields. But Tony, just I don’t want to speculate specifically. Every deal is very unique, and we’ll take those decisions incrementally when they do come up.
Dean Shigenaga: Generally, it’s the original cost, Tony, unless for some reason, over the years, we’ve taken a write-down, which is a realized loss, i.e., in impairment. But traditionally, it’s against the – more often than not, it’s against our original cost basis, Tony. And I would also just point out that the key drivers between or around realized gains in our venture portfolio is really driven by liquidity events. So they’re natural events. Occasionally on the public side, which is only about 30% of our gains historically over the last six years, I mean, we ultimately sell a handful of public securities and that’s what ultimately drives some of the gains on the public side. But it’s a small piece of the overall mix on average.
Dean Shigenaga: Hey Dave, it’s Dean here. So, I guess as you acknowledge, we’re going to get into the details of our plan for 2023 in about four weeks at Investor Day. Maybe some high-level thoughts on the capital plan that you’re looking at on our active projects with a handful of projects that we’ve committed in the near term that are leased. So, we have about 7.6 million square feet. It’s 78% leased and this pipeline can generate $645 million of incremental net operating income, which is just spectacular. If you look at the most recent starts or the stuff that’s pending to start near term, just call it some projects could take up to three years to finish. NOI will commence quarter-to-quarter, as you would expect, even starting next quarter on this pipeline. I highlighted earlier that if you look out over about a three-year period at our current run rate for cash flows from operating activities after dividends over three years, you’ve got $1 billion to reinvest. Equity capital – equity type capital for our pipeline includes this – we probably are sitting on about $6.8 billion of equity type capital and it’s this $1 billion of cash flows that I just mentioned, we had about 1.5 billion of outstanding forward equity contracts. And then obviously, our CIT [ph] related to just the $645 million of incremental NOI is all that stuff’s broad equity type capital. Some of it’s incurred, some of it’s future cash flows. But if you look at that, some number approaching almost $7 billion that are typical leverage profile, assuming a five one year end target for net debt to adjusted EBITDA. This pipeline will generate probably 3.3 billion or something in that range of debt funding. That’s roughly one third debt, two-thirds equity on a leverage neutral basis. So as the EBITDA starts to come online, you can fund quite a bit from a debt perspective as well. And so those are the numbers I would keep in mind broadly. We obviously continue to focus on real estate dispositions, given the strength of the private market values and the scarcity of our assets as Peter has been highlighting for a number of quarters. Obviously, over the next three years, each of the years or every year is very different. And therefore, the funding needs for each year will vary. Basically, there’s different timing from commencement of NOI and construction spend in each of the years, but it’s really important to point out that there is a path forward if we had to navigate a period without access to the capital markets. So call it, if the capital markets were shut for three years. And I think from a risk management perspective or team analyzes this every quarter. And we do find comfort in the results, obviously, this is clearly not an operating scenario we would expect for three years. And I call it, one bookend scenario that you must evaluate from a risk management perspective. So I don’t want to get into specifics for 2023, but hopefully those broad strokes help you understand that. We’re reasonably well positioned in a – to address a, what could become even more challenging environment. We look forward to presenting the details of our outlook for 2023 at our Investor Day in late November.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, maybe 325 is a good example and I think the, the way to think about this is you do have some advantages when you do sustainability initiatives from the start. It’s a lot more efficient. You can, I think that project incurred something around that 6% to 7% range of cost to really end up being able to describe it as becoming the most sustainable lab building in Cambridge. As you guys know, it’s probably the most important and unique feature is taking advantage of geothermal energy for heating and cooling of the building, which along with other attributes of the design, allows us to eliminate almost all the fossil fuel consumption for the building. It’s an important attribute for Moderna, the CEO emailed their team as soon as the lease was signed, literally as soon it was assigned and said, let’s get moving and make this one of the coolest, most sustainable green buildings in Cambridge and so they were passionate about it. Most of our large pharma and big bio tenants have already publicly announced sustainability initiatives. So they do find it important. Like LEED was in the early days. LEED had a cost element to it that we all had to get our head around, and we did early on. We had the first core and shell LEED Certified Building and so we were a pioneer there and continuing to be a leader in sustainability here in lab buildings.
Dean Shigenaga: So if you look at our guidance today, same property, call it the midpoint is 7% GAAP, 7.8% cash. And I think my commentary earlier highlighted we’re at 7% for nine months on GAAP. So we’re right on the midpoint today. And then we’re at 8.9%, we’re on the upper end on a cash basis. So we’re at a good perspective for nine months. And I kind of highlighted the outlier drivers occupancy growth driving a 2x benefit to NOI. So we had 100 year-to-date for nine months, 110 basis point occupancy growth with a double impact, at least to NOI and then early lease renewals early, early in 2022, which was also driving the strength. So that’s the backdrop. We’ve got a good run rate for the nine months, which will carry us into a comfortable spot with our outlook for the full year.
Dean Shigenaga: Look, I think the way to think about cap interest and interest expense; we don’t change those numbers very often. The run rate that you’ve seen for capped interest this year is probably reflective of the volume of construction activities in our business, which continue an upward trend at the moment, meaning capped interest probably on a quarterly basis, doesn’t peak out until probably Q1 of 2023. So you’re still on an upward trajectory as our – and that’s just a pure function of what you would call construction in progress or the basis that’s under construction, which drives the amount of capped interest. The interest rate drives it a little bit, but so much of our costs are fixed. There’s very little variable cost for interest expense. So it’s really just a function of spend quarter-to-quarter adding to CIP at a pace that’s outpacing the deliveries which, as I mentioned earlier, will start to peak out here in the next quarter or two.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. I think that’s the key concept. And I guess the other thing to keep in mind, Michael, there’s always – it’s interesting in the articles that you on any company. And most companies will choose not to comment specifically about articles in the press. As Joel mentioned, we do have a lease with a credit behind it. It’s somewhere around 80,000 square feet in the Seaport market. But beyond that, we don’t really have much to comment on.
