Joel Marcus: Well, if the question – Jamie, is the question presume that somehow the above-standard improvement from office somehow is not valuable for the long-term? Could you expand upon your question? Because, obviously, the return is the overall return of the project, it’s not segmented core and shell versus improvements. But if we have a build-to-suit, generally, they tend to be 10-year, 15, 20-year leases. These are yields that – and the yields that – I think it’s important to note these are initial stabilized deals, so these don’t include all the increases over time, which I think investors and analysts often overlook as well, but these are yields on the full package.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think – I mean, my own personal view is that it’s likely to happen, it may not last for a prolonged period of time. We know just through my work at the NIH and others that there’s no one on either side of the aisle, as well as the Executive branch that wants the NIH budget cut, so we think a deal will be made post-sequestration as part of another budget package. I think the only area that we see it impacting is really the institutional side, because the institutions are the ones that get direct grants from the NIH. The pharma and bio side, zero impact to those guys, by and large. But I think a project like Longwood or projects where you’d be looking primarily at an institutional base, a 501(c)(3) through university or research, those are the ones that would be on pause until that sequestration is resolved. But my guess is, it will be resolved by June 30, if not sooner, in a positive fashion.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: So, when you think about your expiration schedule, is there anything there that might be slow to renew based on...
Joel Marcus: We have one roll of about 60,000 with a GSA lease in one of our markets, and we expect to renew that, and – because it’s mission critical – we’ve been told that. And as far as bigger leases, I think we’ve said before, the only lease we have that really is heavily dependent on NIH is a lease in – rolling in 2016 with the Scripps Research Institute, which is the largest non-profit in the U.S., but there’s no near-term lease exposure to that, that’s 2016. Other than that we have nothing coming up in 2013.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Marcus: Well, first of all, let me may be correct your view. When you sell an asset – and Peter’s the one that’s handled that and can give you chapter in verse – it’s really a mischaracterization and a misnomer to characterize this as being sold at some GAAP yields. Those were ramps that were produced in the past and in the Columbia – 1124 Columbia we had already removed one of the key anchors and move them down to South Lake Union. Another tenant, we didn’t choose to underwrite, moved to another landlord. And then another tenant chose to elect an early termination. So, if you talk about a GAAP yield on that project of 15% or 17%, it makes no sense. It’s really on a per square foot basis and it really is on a – on the buyer looking out what you can pay for repurposing that. So that’s how you have to look at it. And Peter will talk more about – we don’t have too many of those in the portfolio on a value basis, but it is pretty different. Same thing on West Watkins; we had almost 60,000 square feet that’s rolling this year. We have another building that the tenant is likely to exit, which is the main anchor there in a couple of years. So, again, you can’t look at it as we’re investing in it on a yield or you are selling on a yield basis. But, Peter.
Joel Marcus: Well, again, we haven’t – we haven’t had a handshake or concluded any joint venture. We’re actually aggressively pursuing the construction financing first, because that provides valuable piece of the puzzle. So I think it wouldn’t be useful for us to comment on any of the broad terms we’ve had broad discussions with. We just haven’t been that – we aren’t that far along. We’re really focused on – we’ve had discussions with a number of partners and structures and things like that, but we’re really waiting to get the construction financing in place ASAP.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, we’ve modeled none, but there are in one market or another, assets we know that are being positioned for sale. We’re certainly looking at a few, as we speak. We don’t have any huge motivation one way or another, but, obviously, if something was superbly fascinating to us and one where we thought we could create value and deliver a product that fit into that submarket in a smart way, we would potentially pursue it. But I would say we’re looking more than we’re aggressively pursuing.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. About half are from existing tenants and I would say those are highly probable. So out of the seven floors, let’s say more than half – four floors or more are from existing tenants. So we think those are highly probable and the others are new tenants, but we have strong relationships. And I think it’s hard to always characterize and you say something and the Street assumes you have it. So I would say 50%-50%, but my personal view is it’s higher than that.
Joel Marcus: That’s a – maybe try to restate your question in a more compartmentalized fashion, so we can try to, take it in bite size pieces, that’s a pretty broad question.
Joel Marcus: I’m not sure what you mean by leasing backlog, but let’s put it this way, we’re seeing stronger leasing in – strangely enough – in some of the suburban markets than we’ve imagined or seen over the past year or two, which has been I’d say significantly more than we assumed. I think we’ve got pretty conservative assumptions on some of our existing space when those things would be speculatively filled. And we’re seeing the – a more rapid conversion of requirements in the leases than we planned in our internal model. But I don’t know that – we track by market and submarket, not overall. We don’t really roll it up because it doesn’t mean anything rolled up because rents in North Carolina could be $15 a foot and rents in Boston could be $65, so it’s a little hard to say, but if you want to be market specific, we could be responsive.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I think it’s much broader than development related. I mean, I can think of spaces that we’ve had – we have kind of what we call chronic leasing or chronic vacancy spaces that we’ve just seen stay vacant for periods of time. We have one space that’s been vacant for quite a while in the Greater Boston market, that’s now just been – just been leased, I think this quarter to an institutional tenant that we haven’t had activity for three or four years on it. It’s not part of Cambridge, but we’re starting to see that happen in quite a number of locations with spaces that have been hard to lease and we’re getting really good – good results. So that’s been surprising to us.
Joel Marcus: Well, our preference would be do it all ourselves, but we’re mindful of – and we haven’t made final determinations – but we’re certainly moving down a road here. But our goal to meet our debt to adjusted EBITDA target of 6.5x this year. So that’s part of the overall plan and that’s been driving our thinking now.
Joel Marcus: Well, about more than half of that, Michael, I think Dean had in his remarks about $50 million or $60 million are targeted for three assets in San Diego, all of which go dark and are in our lease rolls today. So that’s going away no matter what, but we can try to...
Joel Marcus: So, maybe to put book ends around that, we think that in the broad – if we looked at all the assets that we would want to dispose of today – that we could dispose of today, that we haven’t identified, but that we kind of have an idea about, that number would be somewhere in the $5 million to $7 million range of NOI...
Joel Marcus: Well, we can maybe do that off line. I don’t – we’d have to look at it. Clearly, you’ve got the superstructure, the infrastructure, which is expensive, you’ve got all the steel and curtain wall that we bought back in I think 2007 when we kicked off that building. You’ve got, obviously, the carry issue described. We’ve got, obviously, a budget for finishes, et cetera. But I think it’s wise not to get too obsessively and compulsively focused on the costs, but look at the number on the rent that Peter gave. If you’re getting $70 or $80 triple net, 10-year, 15, 20-year leases with 3% escalations and you’re getting a yield we think will be ultimately north of 6.5% in a triple A, class-A asset in New York, I don’t know of any deal we could do in New York City today, by way of acquisition or development, that could equal those yields, Michael. So, I think put that into perspective. We’ll try offline to get you somewhat of a segmented breakdown on costs; we don’t have it with us...
Joel Marcus: Well, I think when we started this project in 2005, 2006 and 2007, our view of the market pre-Lehman was quite different. And, obviously, we had never built in New York. And I don’t think we ever gave – you could go check the transcripts – I don’t remember giving specific yields because we had no rental rates at that time. But I know over the last couple of quarters, I think I personally said, both in meetings and publicly, I’ve said we think it’s probably in the mid-6%s. That’s a number I’ve been using publicly for quite a number of quarters. And, I think the numbers as they finally come out through our finance group are pretty consistent with that. So – but if you go back five or more years and our hopes on the project, I’m sure hopes were in 2006 and 2007 in the mid to high-single digits, but those were only hopes, certainly, no details behind that. So, I think that’s how we thought about it over post-Lehman.
Joel Marcus: Again, thank you very much for your time and we’ll look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call and, again, Happy New Year to you all.
Peter Moglia: Well, I would say that we would – we amortize that, the majority of that into the term of the lease. So, if it’s a 10-year lease, we’re getting that back in 10 years.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, thanks, Joel, I guess, Quentin to give you an example of that 1124 Columbia building may show as a – I don’t know – 15% GAAP yield or something like that right now. But after these tenants exit, I think that would go down to a 3% and you’d be holding an asset in a market that is just not in favor with lab tenants anymore and its highest and best use is really medical office. So I think there was a really good marriage between us and the buyer where we were able to cash out of an asset. They did really well for us for a long period of time, but no longer was needed. We could take that cash and put it into higher earning investments.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, and a little more color on the 1201 Clopper asset, as Joel alluded to, we have a tenant in a couple of years that has told us that they’re – they’ve told us that they’re moving out. They have their own campus already in another other part of the I-270 corridor there and their plan was to move. So, that building is quite big. I think it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of about 140,000 square feet and it’s also a mix of office, warehouse, and lab. And we took a look at that strategically and said: this is Gaithersburg, it’s not Rockville, which is really the place where people want to be these days; do we really want to sink a large amount of capital into re-tenanting that building? And the answer was: no, it didn’t make sense. So, we found a buyer who was really willing to put in the work and the capital to reposition it. And, again, I think that was a good marriage between us and them, and we got a fair price for the income that’s left on it. So, to talk about what’s remaining and we do have a few assets across the portfolio, some in San Diego that we’ve identified that have very similar attributes there. They were great performers for a while, but the market has really moved into more high-quality areas. So, I don’t know if I want to disclose too much more than that, but suburban Pennsylvania’s another area where maybe some of the assets have longer-term leases than maybe rolling in the next two years. But down the road, we don’t really want to own those assets anymore. It’s just not a market that we want to be invested. So, we’re looking at potentially disposing of those as well.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, I mean, I guess it depends on what yield you’re looking at. I mean, we haven’t announced – we have disclosed held-for-sale in Worcester, a portfolio we have there.
Peter Moglia: Yeah. Quentin, this is Peter Moglia. We’re still in early discussions with a number of parties. I – it’s just not smart for us to disclose any specific details with those negotiations at this time.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, I think, Sheila, on East Grand, ultimately the team on the ground did a great job of buying out the project, and that combined with Onyx really wanting to occupy as soon as they possibly could, so we accelerated they’re delivery; so that helped. And then at East Jamie Court, we were just more successful than we had been projecting. Again, we talked about that smaller segment having a lower vacancy rate in the market, so we were fortunate to capture a few tenants and really beat what were conservative projections.
Peter Moglia: I think $29 million of that was associated with the 1124 Columbia sale. Remember, that the – well, maybe – you may not know but the buyer is repositioning that. So, in order to maximize the value, they were looking for a loan that could bridge them through the entitlement process in the beginning of construction. So that’s a short duration loan; I think it’s a couple years where they’ll be paying us, I think they have an option to extend it for one year after that. And then there was another $9 million loan associated with the $40-something million West Watkins/Clopper deal, which was part of the negotiation to maximize our proceeds.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, I – this is Peter. I’d just comment, too, I mean, versus the Biogen Idec campus. I mean, this is a development that still had some leasing risk associated with it, so it just makes a little bit more sense to do a JV structure where you have some more risk involved than the Biogen Idec deal.
Steve Richardson: Yeah, I think in the Cambridge market, we’ve got very solid support as we talked about in the mid-$50s, triple net for existing product. So, I think we’re doing well there.
Steve Richardson: Right, non-build to suit, absolutely, that’s existing product and, again, as we talked about build-to-suit’s significantly higher. So there is certainly is a step function as these companies – we’ve talked about this a lot and we’ve seen improve out now, with Onyx, with ARIAD, as they’re looking to aggregate around a campus to build a company for the next 10 or 15 years, they’re really driven to this build-to-suit type of product and they’re absolutely willing to pay for that step-up in rent from the existing product that’s out there. Moving across the markets, we think Torrey-Pines has certainly stabilized in that mid-$30s, triple net range, South San Francisco, again, segmenting the large blocks of space from the small space, similarly low to mid-$30s, triple net.
Steve Richardson: I think it’ll be starting this year and it’ll continue through the time period that the medical center opens. There’s a clear effort to consolidate in and around Mission Bay. The Chancellor’s building is now broken ground, so that is clearly the power center for UCSF, right there at the corner of 16th Street and 3rd Street.Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, there’s only – the two assets we sold in 2013, one was actually the asset that was held-for-sale as of year-end. One of the assets did not meet the qualifications for held-for-sale as of year-end, so it was actually not in the discontinued operations numbers. The asset that Peter’s referring to, there is a third asset that’s in the Q to be sold in the first quarter. That asset’s also a component of the fourth quarter discontinued operation information. So whether it’s the revenue or the NOI that you see in the supplemental package you kind of could get a sense for the income estimates off of that project.
Dean Shigenaga: Actually, the seller financing had no impact. What really drove the change in our guidance was driven twofold: one, our improved outlook on occupancy and leasing in 2013, which was driving improved NOI; and then a little bit of the entitlement efforts, which I described, to really advance opportunities for prospective tenants in certain campus locations. But going back to your rate question, George, we haven’t disclosed that publicly, but just keep in mind the low-rate environment; it’s fairly consistent with what you would expect.
Dean Shigenaga: I don’t. That was actually same-store performance for the entire year. I don’t have that breakdown, George, but I can come back to you.
Dean Shigenaga: Hey, Dave, before you jump into your next question, let me just get back to George’s question about fourth quarter same-property performance on a cash basis as reported was 6.3%. If we were to back out the benefit from cash rent improvements at New York City, cash same-property performance for the fourth quarter would have been 3.7%. So, it’s roughly a couple million dollar cash improvement in New York for the fourth quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. But some of it was coming out anyway because of either lease rolling out or termination of leases. So a chunk of it I don’t have it in front of me, but...
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, so, Michael, I’m sorry, I just got the schedules, as you can imagine $377 million projected, I wanted to be sure I looked carefully at the breakdown to answer your question.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, so on the income-producing, the only other sale that’s been identified is the one we referenced on the call. So – so, we completed $84 million, there is roughly something in the $40 million range that’s closing here shortly in the quarter. And outside of that I think there’s another $18 million to meet our bogey. So, it’s a small number. That asset has not been identified, so I can’t give you a yield today, in the sense. So, it’s small and I don’t expect -all this information’s included in our guidance, included in same store. I don’t have that particular yield assumption in front of me at the moment, but on $18 million it’s not a big assumption.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I don’t – Michael, you’re talking about our overall asset base, and if I think through, we don’t have anything specifically identified that falls into this category that we’re looking to monetize at the moment. We have one asset in the Worcester market, out in suburbs of Boston that we’ve identified and those are in our disclosures. I think that was disclosed in the fourth quarter as a component of one of the targeted sales in December.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: Hey, good afternoon. It’s Michael Bilerman speaking. I just wanted to come back to sort of the asset sales that are planned in July. We completely understand and appreciate that under-leased and underutilized assets and assets that go through changes in dynamics, can’t really look at them on a cap rate basis. But I think the other side of it is that income is being lost from the company, right? You take the two sales that happened the beginning of the year, the $84 million, you are losing $15 million of GAAP NOI; that’s coming out of the P&L.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: But I assume that’s not in your same store guidance that we need to figure out some way to take that out from an NOI stream to be able to get to the numbers. So, arguably, I understand that selling these assets, they serve a different purpose and they’re great to do and it’s cleaning up the portfolio and all the other benefits that we think are good, but at the same time we have to make sure that we’re stripping out the right amount of NOI for the sales.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: Right. Well, and I guess maybe the other way to look at it is there a way to sort of parcel out, if you were to sort of look at the NOI stream today, sort of calling it on an annualized basis, the $430 million, what percentage of that income do you view within this bucket of – is it $10 million, is it $20 million, where we should be really treating that on a price per pound basis, rather than a cap rate basis? Understanding that $15 million, right, was – that represented almost 3.5% of NOI, but a much, much lower percentage of NAV.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: Great. And then just coming back to New York for the construction cost of $1,100 a foot for the second Tower...
