Peter Moglia: Yes, I agree with that assessment. I would say that we will see things that are still lower than 5% potentially when there's a good mark-to-market opportunity that can be monetized. But if it's stable, high-quality assets going to have a five handle on it just like this one did.
Peter Moglia: Yes. There's been a slowdown in activity due to the fact that boards and companies are really just trying to figure out where the economy is heading. There's definitely expansion needs. They're just not going forward with some of them, which is contributing to the reduction in demand. So, I would say that there's a nice amount of pent-up demand building. And I would say a couple of years from now that, that's definitely going to be in the market if not sooner.
Peter Moglia: Yes. It's Peter. I'll take that. We actually have a number of choices still in the market. But there are definitely some folks that are on the sidelines that are facing redemptions. And so, they're interested in accumulating more life science product, but they can't necessarily play right now. But that's been filled in by some other new folks coming in that want exposure that are also high-quality institutional investors. And yes, we have liquidity, and I'm not too concerned about that at this point. I think it will get better once there's more certainty in where the terminal rate is going to land and where cost of capital is so people get comfortable in spending their allocations for '23.
Peter Moglia: Well, it was a fairly low yield. So we're giving away not too much upside by selling part of it, right? And are the investors that we attracted really like the building, and it was an opportunity to fund something that was near-term dollars. So it made a lot of sense.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I mean there was one nuance to kind of focus us on 275 Grove, which was when we acquired that, there was a thought an opportunity to expand our holdings in that neighborhood and in fact, adjacent to it. So we in addition to high-barrier to enter, we also really are focused on aggregating into mega emphasis and the opportunity to do that wasn't attractive enough for us to move forward. And so we ended up with this kind of stand-alone asset, which is a really good office asset. But you have to start prioritizing and that one just kind of lost some of it shine when the opportunity to expand kind of went away.
Peter Moglia: That's a hard question to answer because it's pretty -- would be pretty granular for me to understand when I'm looking at leasing reports remembering what is expiring today versus in the future. But I believe our early renewal statistics have been fairly strong recently. So, I guess the short answer is, I don't -- I haven't noticed anything. We are constantly in communication with the regions about their upcoming renewals in a year to two years, even three years ahead at times, our -- what's the status of the Company and are they expanding? And do we want in the portfolio or not. And so, we're pretty aware. And if I think -- if there was some weakness there, I think I would have probably noticed it by now.
Peter Moglia: Just some new recent starts and one, large one in particular in South San Francisco, you made up most of that change. It is just uncanny that people are still trying to put new products into the queue in a market that has a lot of vacancy. We're fortunate we have one project moving that is kind of a good niche for earlier-stage companies, mid-stage companies, so we don't have to go on an elephant hunt to lease some really large project, but there's a lot of folks out there that are going to be in a lot of trouble because of what I would think is fairly reckless investing.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. So Steve, -- so the huge majority of the change was really due to a simple future mega campus development project that we acquired. It's a retail project known as the shops at 10 Fran. That was almost all of the change in the tenancy from roughly 1,000 to 850. You're right. Beyond that, like we highlighted, not just during this call, but over the last couple of quarters, we've had, as you would always expect some normal lease expirations that occur at the end where the tenant doesn't choose to extend. And that's fairly normal activity. And then we've also had a few tenants that have come back, as you guys are well aware and have come back to and their lease a little bit early. But that was really a handful of leases over the last couple of quarters. I think the big takeaway though is, look, you know that we do a really good job at selecting really high-quality locations in the core of the life science cluster markets. So, great locations, great facilities, and I think our operational excellence and our brand puts us in a great position to capture mark-to-market on most of these spaces that have come back. I mean the comments I provided on the vacancies that came up just in the first quarter alone with mark-to-market, both GAAP and cash north of 100%. And 29% of that space has already been leased. If you go back to my comments in the fourth quarter, I believe I gave similar comments of pre-leasing on space that had just rolled as well. So, we've got good activity. And again, going back to the crux of your question, Steve, almost all that change in the tenancy was retail related at that shopping mall.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, it's somewhere around -- I think last quarter, it was somewhere around 27%. This quarter, it's closer to 22% overall in the whole portfolio.
Dean Shigenaga: Tony, it's Dean here. So you're referring to the Page 34 for others on the call, which is in the bottom right-hand corner. This page highlights square footage of our operating, but most importantly, the different categories of our pipeline, everything from construction to the future. There's no significant cash flows from assets that are sitting in the pipeline. I just want to make clear that there's a line item that adjusts the future pipeline for square footage that's sitting in operations, but those cash flows are in the operating portfolio of, Tony, as you pick up that NOI to value the Company. We just don't want you to double count the square footage as you go towards the future pipeline. But from an NOI perspective, if that's your fundamental question, the future pipeline doesn't have any significant NOI being generated at the moment.
Dean Shigenaga: We'll wait a second, the $4.2 million is in rental properties today. It's in operations, Tony. I thought you were asking about the $38 million right above it. $37.889 million
Dean Shigenaga: Correct. So you don't want to double count the square footage there. That's why we net down the square footage in that disclosure to 30 -- roughly $34 million.
Dean Shigenaga: The book value would only have it to the extent it's not related to the operating component, Tony? It's in operations, the book value would be sitting in the operating component if a larger campus had two operating buildings and a pad to support two buildings, the pad to support the future buildings would be in the future pipeline, the book basis, but the cost base is related to the operating buildings would be in operations, not in the pipeline.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I don't know that -- I mean, it's interesting the way you posed the question. Maybe I'll start from the back end of your question. Flexing capital plan and turning to equity as a solution is not really something we are contemplating. I think the way to look at our capital point is what we are doing internally, like we did in the current quarter for earnings as well as over the last several quarters and prep for initial guidance for Investor Day this year was to really challenge the uses of capital. I think one thing to keep in mind is that -- our pipeline is $610 million of incremental net operating income from projects that are highly leased today. There's so much equity type capital that's invested in CIP today, there's very little incremental equity needed to fund that pipeline. And so, we're looking at spend across other projects as we look forward over into '24 and beyond to be sure we're prioritizing things that we should be investing into and maybe holding on things that we shouldn't be just given the macro environment. So, hopefully, that gives you just some color on how we're thinking more broadly about it. I think, as I mentioned on the call earlier, we're mindful of the macro environment. We're also in a position where we know where we are here at the end of April with a lot of good activity on the pipeline. And so, we're reasonably comfortable with our outlook into 2023 and we'll obviously provide an update as we go quarter-to-quarter, but a bulk of what we have under executed LOI or PSA agreements today is sliding to close here fairly soon, plus or minus mid-year. So we feel good about it, and we'll keep an eye on things as we go through the next two quarters.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Well, it's all reflected in our guidance. We just gave -- so you saw there was no changes in capped interest down in the details, obviously, if you -- we did on a number of projects review strategically what we wanted to do and a number of them were put on temporary hold. If you want to look at it from that perspective, redevelopments were placed into operations as vacant assets, development projects for the future for -- they have been paused on a few circumstances, which basically were left in the future development pipeline. From a capitalization perspective, that operating building that went in -- I'm sorry, the redevelopment building that's vacant that went into operations capitalization ceased immediately. The other projects have activities that are winding down as we speak, meaning capitalization will cease over the next month to a number of months going forward. But they're all basically shutting down in the near term in the scheme of things, they're relatively small. So, we've been able to absorb that. It sits within our range of guidance. It sits within our range of FFO with other assumptions offsetting those changes. So, we are able to pick up some improvement to offset those. So hopefully, that gives you a sense. I mean we look at qualifying activities carefully across all of our projects that are undergoing construction activities and capped interest and shut them down accordingly. So you will see some of that, but they're fairly small in the scheme of this.
Dean Shigenaga: I see what number you're referring to. So you were referring to the pipeline that's under construction, 5.5 million square feet, plus another $1.2 million near term. Those are all 100% pre-leased projects. So that ties to the $610 million for others of incremental net operating income. We haven't broken out that number for '24 to spend just related to that, but that's not -- within that bucket now we've slimmed down the focus of what is continuing to generate the $610 million of NOI. And for the most part, Rich, for the most part, those are either 100% leased projects or multi-tenant projects, most of which have some level of pre-leasing. Some that don't have pre-leasing today are multi-tenant projects anywhere from a building to multiple buildings. So rightsized for delivery to requirements in the market, they're not lumpy, large build-to-suit opportunities that could be more specific to larger requirements. So I guess, a long way of saying, Rich, I think we feel comfortable with what we've rightsized for the pipeline of activity. The construction spend, plus or minus will play out like a normal curve for spend over that pipeline, roughly two years from the start of new projects, the active pipelines part way through that already. So -- what you're really focused on, though, in your question is a spend outside of that, which goes to quite a bit of activity, site work, advancing site work as well as entitlements. Entitlements are important. They add a lot of value. Site work shrinks the time to deliver buildings to a tenant, which if you looked at us two years ago, we said, let's move that along. If you look at us today, we'd say, well, let's think carefully about site work given cost of capital considerations with the macro environment today, and let's just hold on that until the right time. And so, I think we're going to look hard, as I mentioned earlier, over the next couple of quarters. We continue to refine our plan for 2024 because as I mentioned earlier, the $610 million of pipe, that pipeline does not require much more equity capital at stabilization because we have so much already in CIP which the incremental EBITDA will allow us to debt fund leverage neutral, the wide majority of the incremental capital for that pipeline such more general TIs kind of renovation costs that aren't part of development and redevelopment that we need to scrutinize in our business.
Dean Shigenaga: Rich, it's here. I think the way to think about at a high level is that we just close the conversation about the pipeline 6.7 million square feet under construction or including 1.2 million to start in the near term here. That's a lot of product. And we just completed a lot of product over the last two or three years. So, we have added a lot of high-quality assets to our portfolio in recent years as well as coming online here over the next two to three years. So put off a piece of the portfolio makes sense. And we're mindful of your question, but we have so much coming online and that we have completed in recent years. I think we feel we're in pretty good shape.
Dean Shigenaga: It's reflective of where we usually start at the beginning of the year. If you look back over time, I think we've enjoyed the opportunity to move rental rate growth and same-property performance northward as we make our way through the year. And so, a combination of settling in on activity this quarter, as well as our continued outlook for the remainder of the year, so slight improvement overall.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I mean, a couple of years back now, I think it was two years ago, Jamie, we took -- the market was able to deliver on some unique liquidity events within the portfolio, and we had something just north of $200 million in realized gains. Now, our policy has been these large significant unusual items. They're one-off. There aren't events that we control. And those, as you go back about $100 million of that was excluded from FFO per share. These were individually very significant gains. But that's just one example as a historical data point, Jamie, is -- but if you look back for now, I think this would be the third year that we're into this run rate right at about $100 million, $105 million on average, I think, for the last couple of years. And that's kind of the general outlook other than having a slightly lower number for the first quarter.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And let me maybe put a footnote on that, Steve. You asked about the nature of underwriting. I think kind of Hallie said it all that when we look at private companies or we look at preclinical public companies or even companies in the clinic that are public. So that group of tenants, you're always looking now even much more so for much nearer-term value inflection milestones and really good data and importantly, large unmet medical needs. I mean we've always done that, but I think now it just goes to show that they're going to be the haves and the others that have not. So that's really, I think, where the mindset is.
Joel Marcus: Yes. That is almost -- that's hard to do generally, and it's so submarket and building specific, Tony. Clearly, demand is overall down from the peak of '20 and '21. You see that just everywhere and you certainly see it on more of a normalization of our historical leasing, which has bounced around over the last either five-year benchmark or 10-year. But maybe the thing to say is companies that are active are pharma, and I think Peter alluded to this, bigger biotech product and service companies that aren't so much focused on the manufacturing side or the supply side. And then clearly, biotechs that whether they be public or private that have got good data coming. I think that's where you see it, but I'm not sure we could give you a numerical characterization of that.
Joel Marcus: Well, yes, I'll let maybe Peter comment on that as well. But I think it's fair to say if you look at our pipeline, which is pretty highly leased, I think we have a reasonably high level of confidence that we can fully lease those projects. And there are demand that doesn't even show up today on projects that may be on the future drawing board that we're also comfortable with. I don't think we see demand dropping off a cliff here at all. But Peter, you want to comment and Dan, you could comment as well.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And I mean it's a world-class building with a world-class tenant. So it certainly is one of those opportunities that would attract a variety of capital sources. And we continue to be the dominant owner as well. So it kind of meets all the requirements that we have for monetization.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think Peter can comment as well. I think the way we're trying to think about it is to -- I mean, we have a very significant position in the Greater Boston market, 14 million, 15 million square feet. And I think in a tougher macro environment, it's kind of thought to prune and rightsize you see what we've done last year would be a good example of -- we sold a set of really good high-quality workhorse assets, but we felt in locations that were not necessarily high barrier to entry markets, but good economics for buyers as well and good economics for us. And I think as we think about different assets, we're trying to make sure that we're more focused on the highest barrier to entry markets rather than less. And I think that's probably the best example I could maybe share Peter, but you could give you color.
Joel Marcus: Well, and also, historically, if you go back to my comments, I said we have tried to shape the Company and allocate our capital as much as possible the high barrier to entry markets and mega campuses. South San Francisco, we've never had a dominant position. We chose not to win the Britannia assets came for sale quite a number of years ago and in those days, HCP bought that, I think, almost $3 billion, we valued at about $1.7 billion. So we decided to pass on that. But what's changed in South San Francisco is transportation is now a bit of an issue. Genentech transitioned to Roche, which is a great company, a world-class company, but they're not company creating in that market like Genentech was like a factory for spin-outs much like MIT is. And some of those aspects of what would otherwise be a high barrier to entry market don't exist there. So you saw some of the moves we made last year in South San Francisco, exiting a number of assets, passing on -- we passed on an option we had to do a development. And so we're being pretty darn cautious there, and you'll see that continue.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think maybe South San Francisco might be not so much for us but maybe others. Yes, that's a good example. And we've tried to minimize limit our exposure there and transaction that we build to suit was really a bit -- it's in the South San Francisco submarket, but it's a little bit out of there. But directly on transportation, we felt was a huge competitive advantage in landed a world-class tenant to 100% occupy that development. So, I think that's one example, yes.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we're still seeing decent activity maybe RTP or RT, I should say, has slowed maybe a bit more than we would have guessed, but part of that's due to my guess is the mix of tenants down there in the -- not so much our tenants per se, but the mix of life science, the components of life science tenants in that market. And I think we see in Maryland, it's still pretty good. It's slower than it has been because obviously, '20 and '21 were peak times and obviously COVID dollars we're heavily focused on that market, but we're still seeing pretty decent activity that I would say, matches our historical numbers. So that's just two examples.
Joel Marcus: I don't think you can compare that because no one has the scale and depth of the tenant base that we do, and we know pretty instantaneously about the needs of those tenants versus if you're just in the market using brokers and you're kind of hearing here, say, your secondhand. So, the two are pretty fundamentally different.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don't know that -- I mean, we don't call it a credit watch list. I think Hallie indicated, we have a pretty methodical deep and judicious approach that has always been there. And I mean, if you looked at, say, the Rubius situation, we would say that if there's a management change that then you look at -- or you put that scrutiny at a higher level when it happens. And then as technology developments or take hold that you are informed about. And rumor sometimes when you're dealing with public companies, you have to -- sometimes we have confidentiality agreements, sometimes we don't. So information comes in different ways in different fashions. We just have a more -- much more hands-on work approach with clients. But I think the bottom line is the simple bottom line. If you look at Hallie indicated, if you look at the tenant collections by segment, they're 99% to 100%. So we've, I think, done an extraordinary job of managing rent collections and monitoring all of our tenants in a way that I don't think anyone else could even imagine. So I don't know if that's a helpful way to characterize it, Jamie.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I mean if you look at the tenant base and where we, again, how they went through each of the segment or a number of the segments, and I think you could always say to me, the privates are in pretty good shape because they're not exposed to the public markets, and they generally assuming we've underwritten them well, and we have. They generally have good and deep backers, whether it's venture or institutional. And then you look at public, which are preclinical or in the clinic, but don't have near-term milestones. I think that's the area that everybody is really focused on, and we have very limited exposure there. I mean, for example, we turned down a lease with Sorrento Therapeutics down in San Diego some years ago because we -- it was kind of like Elizabeth well, Theranos, forget her last name, but Elizabeth Holmes. I know people who did diligence and they said they could never look at the Edison machine. Well, if you can't look at the Edison how it works and so forth, you can't underwrite the tenant. Well, that's kind of how we looked at Sorrento. We couldn't understand the science, not that we had some ability to say, hey, this is going to fail or not fail, but we simply could not understand the science that we passed on the tenancy. And that's just how we do things.
Anthony Paolone: I guess maybe a different way to ask it is if you think about the next couple of years, you see where the growth is within your portfolio, and you also know space that's coming due in your development pipeline, do you see enough demand today to absorb the space that's coming online in the next couple of years? Or do you think we should expect some moderation in occupancy levels as the demand is lower.
Anthony Paolone: So like that 4.2 million square feet, there's not an appreciable amount of NOI from that that we would be picking up.
Anthony Paolone: Right. So, the $4.2 million does have some meaningful NOI associated with it. That's that we'd be out...
