Joel Marcus: Yeah, let's go to Q&A. And sorry for the long presentation but important to get all the facts out there. 
Joel Marcus: Yeah, I would say also important to distinguish, we think in Cambridge the impact would be far less than South San Francisco. South San Francisco as you can see from the slide just adds too much stupid supply. The good news is a lot of that supply is in an area that people don't want to be in. 
Joel Marcus: Well, I think number one, Marc just went through the details of occupancy and guidance in giving and he just answered the question from the analyst on what we're thinking about occupancy. And we said, for example, on a - we have a signed LOI and negotiating a lease for all that space. I'm not sure what else you referring to. 
Joel Marcus: Well, at the moment they have over $300 million in cash. It gives them a runway out through 2026 as I recall. You have to remember both 270 Bio and Bluebird or both joint and severely liable on the lease. We expect that's a great location. It'll be subleased. And we don't see any challenge to yards successful collection or rent over the coming few years. 
Joel Marcus: Yeah we're under confidentiality. So we can't. So stay tuned for Investor Day or year-round and we will give you know as much detail as we're able to. 
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think that's a really good question and that'll be a cornerstone of the Investor Day presentation. But I think it's fair to say Rich that the way to think about it is we continue to have, the company owns and operates 40 million square feet and has the capability to double our size and what we own beyond that. So there's a pretty deep pool for partial interest and sales of outright non-core assets, but we do have an approach to self-funding for next year in addition to that, which I think will be pretty, pretty exciting. So let us wait to announce that that at Investor Day. 
Joel Marcus: Well, I think that the obvious one is one that a number of people mentioned throughout the commentary. And that is certainly in the small and medium size companies that are emerging that are dependent upon whether it be private financing or public market financing or cash on hand. The fact that we're in this de facto recession, inflation and high interest rate environment just makes the management of cash, the management of burn, the management of decisions, just more methodical.  And yeah, maybe just more methodical. So our job is to understand those needs and work intimately with the clients to make sure that we're doing the best job that we can to meet their needs. And I think we've done a great job of that. And we have very, very close relationships. These are not ones they sign a lease and that's it. These are ongoing very deep relationships.  So we're generally pretty intimately involved in a lot of the decision making. 
Joel Marcus: So Marc you might want to comment on that, but that's kind of used in isolation because that's just one piece of the business. But Marc, go ahead and comment. 
Joel Marcus: Well. Yeah, hey Steve. So I think the way to think about that is other landlords who may have laboratory assets. If they're in - if you're in Cambridge or you're in other key markets that are directly competitive of ours, it always depends on their financial capability and also the needs of the tenant. I mean, it's really hard to say.  I think at the moment we feel very good about our positioning because if you're a tenant and you need especially now just in time space and you need a path for future growth, you hit a valuation milestone, value inflection milestone, which is very typical today. A one-off building, no matter whether it's fitted out or not fitted out, doesn't really offer you that opportunity.  You need a campus. You need a campus and generally you want one run by Alexandria because you want the best operator because a one-off building may get you some space, but oftentimes there's no path to future growth or expansion. And so that that's how we kind of see things. So we think we have an enormous competitive advantage and moat against one-off buildings by whether they be landlords who know what they're doing or landlords, who have no idea of what they're doing. 
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So, first of all I think you noted we had a slow quarter. I don't think any quarter is slow. So you might rethink about that commentary. Second, yes, just remember the quote that I gave regarding Warren Buffett. So we think there may be some opportunities, but we certainly won't comment on them. 
Joel Marcus: Well, most of it. Hallie can comment. We see as a big, big opportunity as, if you look at these schedules of drugs coming off patent for the balance of the decade, it’s pretty large and virtually the only way to fill pipeline in that shorter time is to acquire technologies and pipelines that are available. And so we see it as a big opportunity, number one. And by and large most of that is R&D related. We're not so focused.  Sometimes you have the new modalities that are you've got intimate manufacturing with the new modalities as part of the R&D Center, but kind of classic manufacturing. We don't really deal with that. And we don't see that as an opportunity for us. But Hallie, I don't know if you have any other comments. 
Joel Marcus: Yeah, that's a kind of an unusual circumstance where we felt we had a robust client that needed space even a little more quickly than we anticipated. We had another client. We saw that maybe had taken on too much space. So it was actually an ideal mix and marriage of putting the two together. They come up from time to time. I'm not sure I'd read anything into that, but that's kind of normal, but that's how it happened. 
Joel Marcus: The answer to that is yes. And but that tends to be more like Cambridge-centric. Maybe our San Carlos campus, not quite a mega campus yet. It's about 600,000 feet, but to grow much larger. So, Alexandria Center for Life Science in York City is another example. So, yes, some places we see that there are multiple tenants we're having to kind of juggle. 
Peter Moglia: Yeah, certainly, it's going to be part of the negotiation with tenants. What we believe is that our mega campus platform and our reliability and brand will - gives confidence to tenants that they're going to be well taken care of. And so there is a premium to that that will help us overcome the competitive supply dynamic when it comes to that. 
Peter Moglia: Yeah. Rich, I mean, the comment, the intent of the comment was to express that 2024 was going to be a peak of supply deliveries and that the numbers that I just went through I think illustrated that. There will be some, some things that we thought would deliver in ‘24 that might get pushed into ‘25. But we're not seeing more than less and probably in total in all of our markets like a handful of things that have started in recent times meaning like the last few months.  It does appear and the numbers themselves in San Francisco I think were really telling it does appear that developers are finally understanding that the market has plenty of supply underway. And not - there's not more needed on a speculative basis. And so that's good news for the coming years. 
Peter Moglia: And, remember, I mean, this isn't the first time we've hit hard times as a company. We've been around for, close to 30 years. And we've worked with our tenant base during all of these times. And the goodwill that accumulates and how we're able to help them is why 80% of our leasing comes from these existing tenants.  I mean, we have the ability - we have the size, the ability to work with folks that need assistance and it provides great goodwill for future endeavors for those of the - those management teams that are in the buildings that we're helping them out with. 
Peter Moglia: Hey, to dive a little - this is Peter. To dive a little bit deeper into that. You'll notice the big increase in vacancy in San Francisco of buildings essentially that delivered and they delivered in shell condition. I took a deep dive with the team as like guys, what does this product look like? And a lot of it is just our buildings that are basically waiting to see whether they should be office or lab.  They were built with an ability to be lab and so we're counting them in our supply numbers, but they could very well go office because nobody is super committed. But you're also right in that those developers are not able to go ahead and just build out TI's because their financing isn't there for that. But I wanted to bring attention to that because you reminded me of it, you're seeing vacancy numbers, you're seeing supply numbers.  A lot of these projects are agnostic about whether or not they're going to be office or lab especially in the larger markets. But we are counting on them on our competitive supply because they could be. But they may very well not be and they very well may fail if they don't have financing to provide TI's. 
Marc Binda: Yes, sure. Hi, it's Marc. Yeah, so about - going from that 140 basis point increase, about half of it was from leases that we leased either in the current quarter or prior quarters that’s delivering next quarter. So a big chunk of it's in the bag. And then about another 20% was for some assets that were designated as held for sale after the end of the quarter, in October that we expect to sell.  And then that that leaves about 30% and then of that, a big chunk of it relates to that space in San Carlos. It was the former - space which we do have a signed LOI there and hope to execute on. 
Marc Binda: Yeah. Hi Connor. So, yeah, so capitalized interest is really determined based upon the size and magnitude of the assets under construction activities or under broadly all types of activities to get that asset ready for its intended use. So, to the extent that deliveries outpace construction spending and assets that are going through, either redevelopment or development, then capitalized interest would go down and the opposite is true if construction costs exceed the pace of deliveries.  What I'd say on 2025, if you're looking at the leasing percentages is, we've got some time on some of those and we've seen that that pre-leasing percentage pick up. Definitely, if those assets, we get to ‘25 and those assets seize activities and yeah, then capitalized interest would turn off. But we're, we got a long headway there. We got a long time and we've done - we've definitely done studies to look at the timing of pre-leasing and we're not quite in that sweet spot for some of these assets that are out in ‘25 and beyond in terms of when tenants are ready to make decisions. So, I guess, stay tuned. 
Marc Binda: Yeah. I guess the way to look at that, Connor is this, if you're looking at projects that has say just to make the math easy 7% yield and capitalization is in the high 3% range that that would, that would kind of tell you that, if half the building turned got delivered and half the building got turned off, you'd be neutral, but that's really, it's really not typically the case.  I mean, that the pre-leasing on all the, all the assets that we have for ‘23 and ‘24 is extremely high. So, we'll have to wait and see, but like I said before, we've seen the pre-leasing on ‘25 pickup as we get closer and closer to delivery, which is, which is pretty typical for tenants that of smaller size that make decisions much closer to the point at which they can see the building coming out of the ground and can visualize it. 
