Joel Marcus: Yeah, Sheila, will be happy to try to do that. So I think just kind of going around the country quickly, in Seattle and I – boy, a year ago is a little hard to remember, but I think the demand there has been I think quiet, it’s been selective, more focused on the institutional side and I think it has been a pretty busy time for tech there with Amazon leading the way. I would indicate that market is – they’ve held rental rates, but I would say demand is kind of average. In the San Francisco Bay Area, again a little hard to remember exactly a year ago, but I think Mission Bay we’re seeing more on the tech demand and institutional demand. At this point, South San Francisco, we’re seeing more on the biotech demand. I think we’ve been pleased that although that market has been slower and more lethargic because of Roche’s really re-evaluation of the integration of Genentech, so previously Genentech was really growing like crazy, Roche has really rationalized that. They’ve moved a lot of people into their campus in South San Francisco, but we haven’t seen any real new requirements from them. But we’re seeing activity in biotech and cleantech and we’ve managed to capture most of those requirements. The Palo Alto area, we’re full. And Mountain View has been strong heavily in the tech area and also a number of life science. Down in San Diego, I think we’ve indicated that market has really come back pretty dramatically over the last 12 months, not only due to the market itself, but I think the integration of the Veralliance team has really benefited us greatly, and they’ve executed in a marvelous fashion. We’re seeing requirements down there institutionally biotech, cleantech product and service companies, not so much pharma, and that market remains very strong for us. Cambridge has been I think continually followed all year. No dramatic change. As I said, we’re tracking some pretty big tech and life science demands today and so that market has held well. New York, we’re full up there. We’re literally 100% occupied and talking to a number of folks for a potential West Tower kick-off as we look into the future, not sure what the timing of that might be at this point, but we’re having some very serious discussions. I’d say Suburban D.C. that market has been challenging. I think with the cutback in the NIA or cut back I should say in the overall budget. NIH is flat for the year and that’s good. There’s no cut for this year. We still see less requirements obviously out of the government side. We just see a number of tenants really looking at current and future requirements, but nothing new dramatic entering that particular market. And then I think Research Triangle Park, we’re seeing a number of small tenants, nothing dramatic there. So I’d say that market remains quiet, but promising on the institutional side. So if that’s helpful, that’s kind of a quick (inaudible).
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And part of that’s driven, Jay, by – we’ve got two significant roles in the Maryland market coming up in the second quarter, one tenant that’s exiting and another tenant that we’re still unsure of, and then we’ve have got one roll in South San Francisco we’re working on. So, there are a number of rolls that have figured into how Dean has kind of given that guidance and kind of the flow from early in the year to late in the year. But, we’re pretty confident outside of the Maryland market that we will be able to either re-lease or backfill space pretty successfully. We certainly have done it over the past few years.
Joel Marcus: The answer to the first question is that would be our hope. We don’t know for sure, in this our initial tenant would be a three floor tenant. And then, potentially a follow-on would take up the rest of the buildings. So, we’re potentially looking at two tenants.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I mean I think it’s pretty fair to say that in Mission Bay and in Cambridge, those numbers penciled pretty favorably. We haven’t really been faced with it up in Seattle, nor in San Diego, nor in Maryland, or New York, or Research Triangle Park. But I’d say in the Bay Area and in Cambridge those are compelling opportunities. I remember when we did Google’s first campus, we had a redevelopment, a sale leaseback we did with FIOS-NOVA that ultimately got bought, but we bought their campus. Google came in and paid us, this is back in 1997, 1998 kind of an obscene amount, because they wanted that campus in Mountain View that was our first foothold. They ended up getting all of the infrastructure, and it turned out to be great deal for them and for us. So again, we just have to be opportunistic and play our cards the best we can, but we’re not focused on creating a tech sector portfolio.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: Okay, thanks. And then just for Dean. I’m curious what – I noticed there was an increase in the straight-line rent assumption in the 2012 guidance, but the FFO outlook is flat from the prior guidance. I’m just curious what that was? And I apologize if you already said it.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think what is striking is in a number of the build-to-suits or redevelopments that we’re working on, I think you’re seeing substantially long lease terms. We’re able to achieve 10, 15 and even 20 years, these are from bigger well-capitalized entities, whether they’d be big biotech, obviously pharma or institutional. I think some of the meat and potatoes leases that run from small-to-medium still are three, five, seven years. So that hasn’t substantially changed based on the size of the space and based on the size of the entity.
Joel Marcus: Well, I would say if we’re talking about 2006, 2007, I would say, no I think today is tougher. And I think occasionally there are landlords in the market that are willing to do things that we normally wouldn’t consider rational, so we have to be mindful of that. And – but I would say, although we had a spectacular quarter and really year from a leasing standpoint, it’s never easy and it’s always challenging. And I think boards of entities, whether they be big pharma, big biotech, institutional boards, smaller company boards are all mindful. We’re in a – we are still in a tough macro environment and people aren’t making dumb decisions. So, I think, we just have to be very, very careful, very competitive and focused. But we have on occasion decided if a tenant wanted a certain opportunity or wanted a certain situation and we just felt it wasn’t worth it or our underwriting of the tenant that’s happened recently didn’t justify economics that a tenant wanted, we just passed on the deal.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. It’s hard to know because, again a lot of bigger tenants tend to want to put their own capital in but it varies actually lease – it truly varies lease-by-lease.
Joel Marcus: Right. I think the difference is and Phillip, you know the sector well, let me just break it down by groups. In the pharma area, you have specific requirements, a specific requirement like Pfizer had coming out Groton or Pearl River and they’re looking for 250,000 square feet for that specific requirement. So, we see specific requirements in pharma generally moving a group or starting up a group into a clustered location. So, that’s a dynamic. In the biotech sector, when you have a clinical milestone or a regulatory approval made, obviously the need to them take down whether it be additional space or shift what they may be doing becomes very milestone driven and so we’ve seen that. And then, in the smaller companies, it really is just milestone driven as they begin to grow up and their funding is tied to milestones whether it would be on the private side or the public side, we see those just develop again based on a milestone-related situation. So, I don’t think that’s fundamentally changed in the institutional side. It usually is again a specific requirement funded by whether it would be bond funds or a particular gift. A deal we signed in the New York happened to be endowed and so when the endowment was made for the long-term that requirement then got generated and we were able to secure it. So, I think those things fundamentally haven’t changed so much, maybe the pharma situation has changed more over the past couple of years than anything else.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think, Dean suggested that’s about 20% of the total I believe of the redevelopment and returns range. Generally, I’d say mid-single digit to high-single digit. That’s kind of where those are there a number of smaller projects, but that’s kind of typical.
Joel Marcus: It’s just a lot of detail for a lot – we’re trying to kind of highlight the principle matters. And then, I think, over time, our view is we probably will be doing a lot less suburban work.
Joel Marcus: Well, a little bit will come off of our line, but I think our hopes, Michael, as we mentioned in our prepared comments is that the bond market has shown some significant improvement in 2012 and we’re optimistic that we have the opportunity to have our bond issuance sooner than later and that would allow us to fill a large chunk of that $700 million of incremental capital.
Joel Marcus: And I’d say, the other thing that factors in and we’ve said this without being particularly specific and I mentioned in my comments, we do are sitting on and you’ve been one of the proponents of this, a fair amount of non-income producing assets and we clearly are focused pretty laser like on the movement of some of that to aid in our funding of both the retirement of variable rate debt as well as the reinvestment in development and redevelopment. So that is likely to be an important part of this line item as well.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, pretty big systems conversion as Dean mentioned on a number of particular areas of the operation of the business.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think we have to tread carefully there, because we have to – we don’t have specific transactions at this point in time obviously teed up. But, as I said, we have – you look at the supplement, we’ve got 24% non-income producing assets to GAV. And so we’ve got a pool of assets on the non-income-producing side that we’re pretty laser focused on that we hope over, as the quarters unfold through the year, we can do some things with that would help us supplement the sources of capital. And so that’s probably going to be one of the dominant factors and features. And we’ll keep you posted obviously over the coming months and quarters. So that’s pretty important. On the $112 million, Dean can give you the ratio of asset to just kind of our rough estimate of land income producing. I don’t recall exactly what that number is, but it’s probably maybe 50:50, 60:40.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, that’s a good and timely question. I think, if you look at what Roche has said the – and what commentators have said, there has been a lot written recently both street commentators and then people from the industry believe that the Roche – if anybody would buy Illumina, the Roche and whether they stay independent or not, I don’t know, and that’s obviously for their board and shareholders to determine, but that the Roche integration might be the most seamless and the best with Roche’s Applied Science Group. We have seen public pronouncements by Roche that they were going to move their headquarters of Roche’s Applied Science Group. I forgot it may be in Europe to San Diego build around Illumina as the flagship piece of its whole focus in the diagnostics and tools area. Obviously, this is a huge growth area given the personalized medicine and it gives them a – how they view moving whole genome sequencing as a routine clinical practices would give them a huge advantage. Roche is a huge leader in that area. So we – if we believe what comes from Roche directly, this would not be a consolidation and some kind of a movement out of San Diego, would rather be a movement into San Diego and build around Illumina as kind of the flagship piece of their whole DX effort. With respect to pharma M&A, I mean, all we can say is, it has gone on, I mean Wyeth and Pfizer being one notable part. Pharma has really kind of moved on from that world and there still may be more, but they’re really in the rationalization of their own R&D and the – really measuring the productivity and moving much more of their R&D to the touch points of innovation. I mean, that’s where they are today. They get a lot of capital, cash on the balance sheet. Yeah, there are patent expirations. Yeah, there are a whole range of different issues that all the pharmas face, but fundamentally many of them and most of them have successfully transitioned to kind of the new model. And again, we’ve seen that in spades in the requirements that have come to New York, come to Cambridge, come to Mission Bay. So we’re pretty comfortable with the state of pharma affairs today.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Marcus: Just want to thank everybody for their time today during earnings season. And look forward to talking to you likely early May on first quarter. Thanks again.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, OpEx, I think has been up primarily from utilities and some winter-related matters, whether it was the storm on the East Coast or snow removal matters. Most of those costs because of our triple net nature of our portfolio are passed through to our tenants, so it’s recovered. Although OpEx may highlight in the same-store pool as fairly meaningful increase on year-over-year, those costs are borne by the tenants substantially. And that would be true for 2012. Hard to predict how summer or winter weather patterns impact utility cost, but again the same thing would occur. Any increase or decrease in those operating expenses are absorbed by our tenants.
Dean Shigenaga: I think you’ll see some occupancy improvement in those three submarkets going into the second quarter and that’s really between South San Francisco and Boston. Both of those markets, I think being substantially recovered as we get into the third quarter. Maryland just given the dynamic in the Maryland market being much quieter market than Cambridge as an example. I think that might take a little bit more time. But again, by the end of the year, overall, we expect to be relatively in the range of where we are, again, in the 94% to 95% range.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. And I think in my – our last call comments, last quarter also highlighted that in Boston, we have temporary downtime on some space that rolled and was re-leased. So it is subject to a lease today and that will be delivered in September I believe and it’s about 25,000 square feet.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think if you look – I think you are referring to generally speaking page 23 of our supplemental, which highlights our leasing activity for the year. And on the renewals, we’re averaging just under $6 a foot both on TIs and leasing commissions and then closer to $13 on previously vacant space, whether that was inclusive of redevelopment or development. I would generally expect the dollars to remain in the range. And I think in our 10-K, we gave a pretty good summary of CapEx in TIs leasing cost related to the renewals and re-leasing the space and they generally over five-year average stay within a fairly narrow, fairly small bandwidth. I don’t expect 2012 to be meaningfully different from our historical averages.
Dean Shigenaga: It was – Jamie, I think you’re picking up on a change from $6 million to $6.5 million. It was really rounding more than anything. Nothing really drove the difference significantly.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America: Okay. All right, thank you.
Dean Shigenaga: So the first question relates to just the transition of some of the basis into land. So, we completed what we needed to complete on that particular project. Broadly, the other question you asked about the $41 million to spend, that’s really on construction related to laboratory facilities in India. A little bit of the final interior improvements for China as well, but the majority of those dollars are focused in India.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think I’ve said and I think over time as we get to some more critical mass, we will try to be pretty detailed about this. But I think our goal is in India. China remains to be seen. We don’t have a lot going on there at the moment in the sense we clearly aren’t doing any expansion. We really are test running a project. But I think in India, our goal is to try to achieve 500 basis point return over what we would achieve in the U.S. on a net after-tax basis. And that’s I think what I’ve pretty much said and I think it turns out to be pretty true.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I’m sorry. Yeah, I’m sorry, that was confusing. That would not be incremental to generate our total sources to – if you add – if you assumed it was $500 million, it wouldn’t be additive to the $899 million resulting in roughly $1.4 billion of sources. It would fill that $700 million requirement.
Dean Shigenaga: Actually to maybe clarify a little bit what will likely happen from a bond perspective, because we do have a specific use to retire our 2012 term loan. If a bond event was to occur before the maturity date of the bank term loan for $250 million, we would likely concurrently retire that $250 million term loan and part of that has to do with the legal structuring of that transaction where we need to – I think it’s the only bank agreement that has provisions that were not modified to release our borrowers. And so, it was always contemplated that one of the key chunks of bank debt that would retired was the 2012 term loan. So part of the answer to your question, Michael is, yes. Some of the proceeds will be used to retire bank debt at a minimum the $250 million term loan. The remainder will obviously depend on the size of the transaction and how much incremental capital we have. But ultimately we are going to work on retiring bank debt, replacing with longer-term fixed-rate debt over several years. I think it’s difficult for us to – it was much more difficult for us to sit here and think about this 60 days ago, probably relatively difficult for us to contemplate much on this 30 days ago. The recent short trends in the last four weeks in the bond market, for six weeks in the bond market have been pretty spectacular to say the least. So we’re a little more optimistic. We are set on that transition, Michael. This is just the first start of it.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think he was – really the contributions came in stronger as a result of, I think OpEx being inside of where we thought it was going to be, because I don’t think there was much change in top line. And we do have some OpEx numbers, as you know from our recovery ratios, that don’t necessarily move hand-in-hand with recoveries. And there’s about 15% of that. So I think we had a favorable non-recoverable component of our OpEx that dropped down. I would say, a little bit of the contribution at the rental income level, but nothing significant stood out in my review. So I think you had a little bit of contribution from all areas and it definitely wasn’t another income, because other income was down.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. And most of the G&A stuff – a good chunk of that, I think is non-recurring. So we had unfortunately not anticipated some of the cost coming in.
Dean Shigenaga: It’s in that general range and I think we’ve got three assets I believe under contract in that number. They’re relatively small, but I think they aggregate somewhere just under $20 million in proceeds.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. Well, I would say, I don’t want to get in the role of trying to handicap what we may or may not do on conference calls, but I would say we’ve really set out our strategy on the capital plan. And as we see it today, certainly now and here and where we are in time and space, equity – common equity capital is really not our priority at this point. Getting to the bond market clearly is potentially at some point when the market is appropriate refinancing, but perpetual preferred obviously to the extent that we look at any other situation trying to match source with use. I think that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it, but we – we don’t – that at the moment is not a priority of ours. And obviously, probably the other top priority in addition to getting the bond market is really moving that non-income producing asset base down a few notches and thereby freeing up capital to both to pay down variable rate debt and to reinvest in what we’re doing. So I’d say those are the two dominant priorities at the moment, Jason.
