Joel Marcus: Well let me -- this is Joel. With respect to the timing, it really is driven not by us, but MIT's Management Company's decision to sell certain assets so that they can invest them in development projects both on and off campus. So that really drove the decision for timing on Tech Square and 640 Memorial Drive. When it comes to other opportunities, certainly those would be very interesting. That given, Cambridge is one of our most important markets. When it comes to the 100,000 square feet, we're working on the design and entitlement of that. And so I'm not sure I could say much more than that. Tom is unavailable today, but I'll make a note. We'll comment in our next conference call and give you some updated details on that. 
Joel Marcus: Not particularly. We did use a set of parcels there for the development of the Onyx campus, which when Onyx got acquired by Amgen, they succeeded to those assets. We do have another set of parcels for development, but I think that's something we'll continue to look at as time goes on. So it's possible but nothing certain at the moment. 
Joel Marcus: I don't think we have anything that is in the near-term, but we look at everything that comes to market that we feel is in the sweet spot of either the nature of the facility, and certainly the nature of the location. But I don't think we have anything in the near-term that we're looking at. And as I just said to Smedes, the timing of the Tech Square acquisition or really the sale by MIT and the decision to market 640 Memorial Drive really driven by their own capital needs and on decision making timing had nothing to do with ours, I can assure you. 
Joel Marcus: Well I think if you look at a map, it's directly west of East Cambridge. It encompasses, kind of circles -- it kind of touches MIT and circles around towards Harvard Square. There are a number of owners and developers in there. MIT certainly has an important toe hold. Some years ago we actually owned a property next to 640 Memorial called 620 Memorial that was ultimately leased to Pfizer and then I think we sold it to them and they -- I think they turned around and sold it just a year or two ago. But back about 10, 12 years ago we built 790 Memorial Drive and 780 Memorial Drive. Tom really managed that development right near the Polaroid building. And so that's been a real important anchor for us in that mid Cambridge market. So we like that market, and when this opportunity came up we decided to move on it.
Joel Marcus: Well I think you will see naturally it move out -- you can't move east from Mission Bay, because you'll be in the Bay, but you can move south, you can move west, and you can move north. So I think those would be the natural extensions at Mission Bay. 
Joel Marcus: Yes that's -- well it's always difficult to speculate what land will trade at Jamie, but I think if you turn to Page 37 of our supplemental, bifurcate the land holdings into two buckets, we have 2.3 million square feet in near-term and that product that you know is heavily under negotiation. So I'll skip over that. That's all going to yield very nicely, very attractive returns. The future bucket, you have about 2.9 million square feet, and if you go through that the larger components -- where the largest component 1.7 million spread across multiple markets is $32 a foot, I don't -- I am not really concerned in any meaningful way with that. It's $56 million. Everything else? If you’ve got, Technology Square, just some residential and Cambridge, Grand Avenue, which is adjacent -- the fourth side at the Onyx, Amgen campus, plus some other land on Grand Avenue. So great locations. We can make money on those deals. If we sold we'd be close to that depending on the buyer. If you compared it to the trade we just did we traded out of San Francisco to an industrial buyer at about $80 a foot. So maybe a slight haircut, but these are pretty small dollars, Jamie. So I think all in we're in really good shape.
Joel Marcus: The GAAP cap rate is shown on our disposition page on the supplemental, probably at about 51, Sheila as you stated. I think the cash number trails that just a tad, maybe somewhere in the 30 to 40 bps behind that.
Joel Marcus: Let us not comment about the transaction itself, other than to say that you have a very high quality asset, that I think will be very attractive and we feel you can get a sense for our approximate price point that we expect to complete on the transaction. So I think it's an attractive trade for us.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think -- it's hard to speculate on timing too specifically because there's a lot of negotiations ongoing and it ultimately will depend on the terms of the lease, but I think it's safe to say that if it contributes into '16 at all, its fourth quarter. That's probably the earliest. But the exact timing for each of those buildings will depend very specifically on the lease negotiation. So we can provide better color as we execute transactions.
Joel Marcus: Yes, we had -- actually over the past two years I think we've had '14 IPOs. So yes, there will be I'm sure sales over coming quarters and years.
Joel Marcus: I think we did a study about a year ago when we looked back probably seven years if I recall and the retention rate has been pretty consistent as you roll that forward. It’s been averaging about 85% over that time frame. And the only qualifier I'd give -- as you know acquired a couple of assets recently that were development targets right out of the gate. It was leased. We acquired a lease in place but had generally maybe 12 months of remaining term and we’ll exclude something like that because that’s intentional targeted lease rolls that were planned for redevelopments. But it’s a very solid retention rate. You could tell from our occupancy stats and our leasing performance that it's all very consistent, so very strong retention.
Joel Marcus: Yes, it depends Rich, so much on the nature of the lease, the nature of the location and multi-tenant buildings with companies that grow rapidly and need flexibility on space. Three, five, seven years are kind of where the sweet spot is and then you get into the development. You see this quarter was about over 10 years. So you see in the larger blocks of space 10, 15, 20. That’s really how it's broken down for years, and years and we don’t expect to change that.
Joel Marcus: Well again, it depends on the nature of the building. If you have an older multi-tenant building, it would be higher than five, but if you have a new Class A facility with a long term lease and the credit tenant you’re not going to be above that.
Joel Marcus: No change. There is really -- Asia is a such small portion of our business, and as you know we’re really focused on our domestic growth opportunities here. So we continue to focus on the lease up of our properties there, but we have some work ahead. But again it’s a small piece of the business.
Joel Marcus: I’d say -- it’s hard to speculate. I think we yield nicely in India on the operating assets and you can tell from our disclosures, China has been a little tougher on the returns. But it’s hard to speculate going forward. But I think it’s clear we’re not trying to put any significant new capital into those markets. Clearly investors and management and the board et cetera want us to focus on our core urban clusters here in the United States.
Joel Marcus: Unfortunately Tom is not here. So we’ll make a note and ask that question during our next call, but let me give you my own view on that. There could be -- again, it so much depends on the nature of the facility itself, new versus somewhat data is at multi-tenant, single-tenant, made term the lease credit and then exactly where it is. So 640 Memorial Drive, I think it’s encumbered by a ground lease. So that’s one thing. It is Mid-Cambridge. It is a really developed fairly new facility but has two tenants, long term leases. So that was in the heart of Kendall Square. My guess is maybe 50 basis points. It may drop to a five, five.
Joel Marcus: It could even be -- maybe better said between 50 and 100 basis points between Mid-Cambridge and Cambridge.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so maybe I’ll talk to strategy and let Dean talk to the arithmetical calculation. And on strategy -- no change in strategy. We view ourselves really as best at creating value through development and re-development. We do take the opportunity on occasion to look at acquisition. 640 Memorial Drive was unusual for us. Tech Square was right up our sweet spot, because we've covered it. We've approached MIT for years actually and trying to buy that interest but they haven’t been ready, because they didn’t have a use of proceed. And then they kind of decided they were ready. So it kind of just depends, but I think it's fair to say that we believe we can create better value by creating value, not buying somebody else's value. 
Joel Marcus: Yes, I would say maybe just taking around the country real quickly, I think Seattle tech demand and lab demand have been fairly steady there. I think again its very site specific. In San Francisco clearly tech demand -- I think as Steve has indicated, if you took a benchmark today, it's probably 10x of what lab demand is. But yet certain markets remain pretty key hot beds of laboratory properties South San Francisco, Mission Bay, even though Uber's coming in. But I think some of the other markets have gravitated or stayed much more tech. San Diego, I don’t know, Dan, you could you speak to that.
Joel Marcus: And then moving to the other side of the country, I think in Research Triangle Park, really the ag demand and tech is really dominated there. Maryland is pretty much kind of lab. We haven’t seen a big tech influence there. New York, we're pretty much focused on life science there. We haven’t really gravitated to tech for our center. But obviously Silicon Ally and what's going on in New York City, certainly some of the other REITs have been very strong tech demand. But we think that’s -- we're creating a life science market there. So it's a little different for us. And then Cambridge -- clearly lab or office -- lab office or office by lab companies is still a main stay. But there is increasing demand by big tech users. So we're seeing both of it. So a little bit of different story in each of the markets. I don’t think any significant lab tenant is getting priced out of the market, because if you look at the health of the bio tech industry and the pharma industry, it's the best it's ever been for those two industries. So they’ve got more than $200 billion on balance sheet. And so if they want a site, they'll go after it and if they're competing against a big tech tenant, they can certainly go head to head.
Joel Marcus: Maybe let's say it's not lab ready. It would be -- lab capable would maybe be a better way to say it. Clearly Townsend in we are likely sign a lease here on the very near-term with a brand name tech tenant. And then Binney, it's kind of a combination of who is bidding on that between life science and tech. So we'll see what shakes out there. But generally if we build a building -- and I think Tom and Steve had gone through this in a prior call, we try to -- if it's in the sweet spot of a Cambridge or a Mission Bay, we would make it lab capable and it's just a few bucks a foot to do that. 
Joel Marcus: But I think it's fair to say under the new leadership of Pascal Soriot, they obviously thwarted the Pfizer takeover. They've made a big presence -- continued significant presence through their MedImmune acquisition in the Maryland market. They have a big presence in the Boston market. So they are not retrenching in any of the locations that we've seen. 
Joel Marcus: Yes, that's a question again I would probably punt on that to Tom and will try to address that in the next call. But let me just say this. There is right now about 2.3 million square feet of demand from at least seven major potential tenants, seeking blocks greater than 100,000 square feet just in the East Cambridge area. And so if you just look at what's out there just at this moment in time the numbers are pretty significant. MIT has a big development that they are working. I'd suspect that some of the capital that we've provided them will go into that. It's a pretty large site that they will be able entitle and build on, I think probably over the next maybe over the next -- begin over the 18 to 24 months. The Volpe site is a large site that -- a couple of million square feet including both commercial and residential. Obviously probably every developer between Boston and New York is looking at that. There is the North Point site which is -- at the moment has not been in favor, a couple of million square feet up there both on commercial and residential. We understand that that actually is in play right now. It was owned by a private equity shop here out of Los Angeles and they're looking to market it. We've heard that there is a lot of foreign interest in that particular site. And then others are looking to add density, as you know Boston Properties et cetera. So there is a pretty big -- there's a pretty big movement to expand entitlements and capabilities and availabilities in that market. But there is somewhat tougher Cambridge council now looking at all kinds of issues including both residential and obviously traffic demands, and just demand on city services. So I think those are the kinds of things that will be balanced and be meted out over time. So I think there is great opportunity, but there is also timeframes. We happen to have hit a very sweet spot. Actually just you'd always like to think you're really smart but luck helps a lot with our 50 Binney, 60 Binney and 100 Binney. We hit a time when there is virtually nothing else that competes with us on a class A ground up construction basis in that market in the time went rents are at -- approaching all-time highs. So I think we feel very fortunate about that, but we're always on the lookout to make sure that our three and five year plans are cognizant of the growth in those markets. And we think both East-Cambridge and Mid-Cambridge makes sense. You have to remember too there is Alston [ph], which is a gigantic future development which Harvard manages over on the other side of the campus across the river, and that could provide huge amount of space and growth for the next generation of companies. But that's probably five to 10 year out project. So a lot going on in that market.
Joel Marcus: Yes, we've been required to build certain residential on the Binney street quarter. I think it's about 273.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So that's part of the give and take that we had with Cambridge a number of years ago when we entitled and up-zoned our Binney street sites. So that's just part of doing business. In New York, a lot of developers are facing the same issue, how to address the housing issue. That obviously is front and center with the mayor. So I think a lot of -- and I think San Francisco over time, workforce housing is going to be a very important issue for a lot of companies in a lot of cities.
Joel Marcus: We talked to a partner but in our case in Cambridge it was small enough that it made sense. What our long term hold on it, we don't really know. We're not really a residentially holder for I think long term, but we haven't made any short term decisions. But I think part of being a commercial developer today in urban innovation cluster centers is the reality that residential is going to be front and center in some cases.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so far we see it more importantly in the city of San Francisco. A number of companies who are really brand names in that area have grown up. They occupy at the moment kind of tech office space. I think the challenge with digital health -- and I do think it will be an important segment as time goes on is you have kind of a juxtaposition. You have the baby boom generation needing more healthcare services but less capable when it comes to social media and electronic kind of digital if you will tools to implement that health and then you have on the other end a millennial generation, highly sophisticated in the digital world but not caring a whole lot about health because when you're 15 or 20 or 25, your health, there are exceptions to that -- generally is in good shape. So this industry is still in the formative stages. There's a lot of venture capital going into it. But it will probably take three to five years to begin to kind of shake out and mature. But it is here to stay and this intersection between healthcare and the digital world will clearly make an important cost impact difference over time for sure.
Joel Marcus: Okay, well thank you very much. We did it in less than an hour and we'll look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call. Thanks again everybody.
Dan Ryan: Yes, good morning. So when you ask about the demand, in terms of Illumina's growth it has been extremely robust. The delivery of this next filming basically taps out there existing entitlements. So we're in front of the city now to entitle for about now at 350,000 square feet of additional space and we have -- they have asked us to go ahead and progress on that additional square footage that we think we can get.
Dan Ryan: Well, I think for the moment you have our guidance on what we'd like to accomplish for 2015. So we've got a range -- call it at the midpoint of $390 million. Again $178 has been held for sale. So either it's been completed or pending, and that leaves us with $212 million to complete for the rest of the year. And again that number is a mix when we think about what remains -- a little bit of land and some operating assets, and again we'll bring more color in the next couple of quarters. And I think when you go forward it's hard to speculate what will look towards in 2016 but I think we'll look at our options as we manage through our capital plan like we have this year, a lot of -- how much will be debt funded and then is there an opportunity to recycle assets for reinvestment. I think those would be our two priorities.
Dan Ryan: Yes. And let me add some color. I would say that the land bank dropping down to 13%, or I should say non income producing assets as a percentage of growth real estate declines to 13%, and that's really through -- substantially through deliveries, offset a little bit increase in construction spend. If you want to put that into perspective though, that’s still roughly 1.4 billion of non-income producing assets with 50% of that being active projects, which as you is highly leased, and about another 25% another of that number sits in near term which is in Cambridge 50 Binney, 60 Binney and 100 Binney. So I think we've got a good sized future pipeline but I think to put that number into further perspective, back in 2007 it was still about $1.3 billion. The Company was much smaller. So as we grow in size, that percentage will naturally become a smaller piece of our business, while still providing us great opportunities to grow respectively with build-to-suit opportunities. And I think our focus will be just being very careful and prudent on how much land we carry at any given point in time so we can minimize the carry and deliver product to the market as quickly as we can. 
Dean Shigenaga: There is no upside on those rents as well. They are long term. There is no near term ability to try to mark-to-market. So it’s more of the stabilized asset.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think there's a few leases there. Some of it comes up early. The reason why it's got 1.7 remaining years is some of this comes up in early '15. Half of that space that does come up in early '15 I think has been resolved and has been leased. We're still working on the remainder of that and that's probably about a third of that ABR that I'm referring to of that $9.3 million.  I don't have the details Dave on the other stuff with me.
Dean Shigenaga: Dave, I think the other two leases go out to '18 and '19. So it's really weighted by a near-term rule.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, 273 is the first project. It's probably about 90 some odd units and it's probably an investment in the $40 million - $45 million range for that project.
