Stephen Richardson: Yeah. Hi Tony, it’s Steve Richardson. We expect between the infrastructure and the improvements there for that building alone somewhere in the range of I would say $100, $125 plus a square foot.
Stephen Richardson: Yeah, Michael. Hi, it’s Steve I think there is a couple of component of this. One is again when you look at the price per square foot and it is important to look at the parking structure as an integrated part of the building. And when you break that our as a revenue generating entity of two itself you do end up with a replacement costs figure that I think you probably right is somewhere in that range of plus or minus of where we’ve been in that includes tenant invested capital as well. As far as the value adding potential here I mean we have a 1% vacancy rate in Mission Bay. The building will appeal to not only kind of our core target of life science drug discovery lab companies. You’ve got important clinical people that we’ve actually toward through the facility as recently as last week. Medical office building users, technology users so you have a diversity of demand there that we think will allow us to add value and bring just a great new cohort of tenants in there. We were conservative in the underwriting the lease rates we’ve targeted we are ones that we have achieved with a number of the tenants looking back over a number of years. So I’m hopeful but we did not underwrite at this way that we do in fact have rental rates and yields better enhanced above and beyond what we’ve already accomplished.
Stephen Richardson: Yeah I’ll keep in mind Michael too I think as Peter said we’ve underwritten this on in a sense yesterday’s rental rates, lease is already signed not looking at anything in the future. So, I think we feel good about the conservatism we built into the numbers.
Stephen Richardson: Yeah, no I think that’s right. I think you’re right. They are a very well respected organization. I think they have a keen sense of timing. I think we’ve stated that this was not a bargain basement price. It was a reasonably full price for where the property is and its stage of development in leasing and I think they’ve just chose to act upon that timing for both macro market reasons, but also their fund, I think they are out there raising another fund right now and it probably helps them to have a sale completed in a prior front end point to that to investors.
Stephen Richardson: Yeah there is in India we at the moment don’t want to certainly get in to great detail, but we are doing a build-a-suit that has been increased in size by one of our top tenants coming from the U.S. among others and that’s one of the keen focal points of this and we will probably over the coming quarters. At the moment that they do not want us to say anything about this particular expansion, but we will hopefully be able to share that with you in coming quarters.
Stephen Richardson: And I think in New York as we said we feel there is certainly our lease rates are approaching as we indicated $80. We know that there is an incubator up at Columbia that’s got rates pretty similar to that. There is no other product in New York City we see the office market coming back pretty nicely and noticed that there are a number of developers even looking at developing office space. So that all bodes well for I think future increases and in Cambridge I think Peter can comment, but I think we’re answered pretty much in the mid-50s to high 50s triple net.
Joel Marcus: Well I think it’s pretty rare to have Tony acquisition opportunities in what I would consider to be the three critical markets or submarkets Mission Bay, Cambridge and New York City obviously other markets you’ve seen some of the activity in San Diego, etcetera. So I think in Mission Bay this was the only non-Alexandria held commercial real estate there and we have really coveted that side for a long period of time and I think only by really moving out of some of the landholdings which were really dragging in a sense the both from a balance sheet and a cash flow standpoint once we are able to successfully exit I think our view of an opportunity to buy AAA location, AAA buildings at not a bargain basement price, but at a pretty full price gave us an opportunity though where we see pretty good pricing power and we underwrote it in a pretty conservative fashion that it was something we wanted to do, it’s immediately cash flowing. I think there is a great opportunity to increase well beyond our pro forma based on future rental rate increases and so, I think there the choice between doing that versus kicking off another building where we did not have a current build-to-suit candidate that was ready to go I think made good firm, I can – Cambridge again, very few properties are trading and while there is no opportunistic acquisition opportunity that we can see in the – certainly, in the immediate timeframe and so, by securing a build-to-suit there, we would obviously look at that and again all – it isn’t simply as I said purely IRR or yield driven. I think it really is a focus on location, quality of building and is there a chance to add value to increase cash flows and can we – could we exit that asset at a price that would be much better than we bought in and I think the answer on all those piece is yes.
Joel Marcus: Sure those dollars actually go across a number of projects and so individually there is no one project consuming all that capital and if you look at India and China we’ve got a million square feet, so it’s a modest investment in that particular market at the moment and as we advance our efforts in that particular region we’ll continue to provide more color.
Joel Marcus: Yes, as I said, don’t read even growth in rental rate mark-to-markets don’t necessarily as the inset look at a single quarter as necessarily a trend for the future, I think they are very individualistic and I would say I would take nothing in particular away from or through this anything to them in particular. Yes, one quarterish statistics kind of skewed and I would always look back on the prior rolling quarterish at least when you get to the first quarter. It’s really tough. But, it’s the only period presented. But, if you look back you can see the recent trends back in 2010, the average lease term on renewed and re-leased space was 8.1 years and the average lease term on redevelopment for vacant space was closer to 10 years. So, that was the recent trend not in really one quarter end, this three year term will easily average outage we get through the quarters.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I mean I think that’s a great question and it does present a fine line of balancing a number of competing issues. I think we felt good though that we were able I mean had we not had two year severe downturn I think our view of selling that kind of land at Mission Bay may have been different. The world would be different I think. But it is it’s like Vegas you play the hand you’re dealt and so we played the hand we’re dealt and exited quite a number of the parcels, had a pretty good gain certainly a pretty good price per FAR foot and moved from a non-income producing asset. And the deal we just bought again we don’t choose the timing of when buyers come to or sellers come to market. They come to market for a variety of reasons as Steve said raising another fund or whatever. But I think it’s fair to say that certainly from a ratings perspective and that was not the main motivation for the sub purchase it was the items that we all kind of just enunciated. It’s certainly would be viewed in a I think a very positive light because its great real estate, it’s immediately cash flowing, it’s a pretty decent return with some good upside and even though we have got some leasing risk, we have got a 1% vacant market with about four different sectors that would be looking at that building with I think a lot of interest. So we feel pretty comfortable in taking that risk. We said both at the Investor Day and otherwise, we’re not interested and would not do speculative developments. So any or other mission based type that would be developed on the west side would be only on a substantially leased, pre-leased or build-to-suit basis. New York, we’re going to tap that market starting in June and in Cambridge we do have our first building that assuming we execute the lease would be a build-to-suit. So, again we want to try to balance all these things and carefully balance the volume at which we’re doing things. We do things I think in a step-wise fashion prudently and be as careful as we can about everything. It’s all obviously a whole set of balancing efforts.
Joel Marcus: We’re not formally before them, but we believe that I think as Dean has mentioned the number of times, we would hope to be formally in that process in the latter half of 2011.
Joel Marcus: Let me just talk about maybe the three major markets, San Francisco, Pete can give you a little bit of what the current rental rates are in the two markets we’re dealing with.
Joel Marcus: That’s fairly consistent with our underwriting on the campus down in San Diego that we purchased from Biogen, it was the lengthy lease-up period.
Joel Marcus: Thank you very much. We appreciate we’re trying to be time efficient here and we look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call. Many thanks again.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, Tony it’s Peter Moglia. Joel to hit the nail on the head there, I mean, we looked at what the stabilized yield would be once we leased up the second building and we believe it’s going to be at least 100 basis points over what the going in cap rate would be as we had bought it stabilize. So, we felt really comfortable with the pricing given that spread. And then obviously we always look at the unlevered IRR and ensure that it’s going to cover our projected long term cost of capital and in this case it surely did. So, to address your hurdle rate question that would be my answer.
Peter Moglia: I would say that it’s possible, stabilize today that that could trade below six, but I would look at it as a six, six even.
Peter Moglia: Well we saw one asset last June that I think I have alluded to in meetings or in conference calls where there was a B location, triple-A credit in a suburban Boston that went for a 64 cap rate to an institutional buyer. In Mission Bay it isn’t a lot better than that waterside view next to the – again the campuses we described it would be hard to imagine that it wouldn’t attract pretty aggressive cap rate buyers. On a joint venture basis I think we have to kind of see how – our view is the probably the most probable joint venture opportunity for us is really on the Binney Street, the Alexandria Center for Life Science Kendall Square because the magnitude of build-out there is large. We do have one deal that we signed a letter of intent and then we are looking to finalize a lease over the coming 30 days or so, and we’ll share more with you next time. But I think that’s probably an opportunity that we would think joint venture wouldn’t work for us.
Peter Moglia: And hey Michael its Peter Moglia I think you’re referring the comments I made at Investor Day. I’d say in this case, we are going to be using our skill set and our connections. We do have leasing to do, to accomplish our goals and we are going to be making a spread over what we would buy a stabilized asset for us, so I think in that way in the profile does fit. But I’d also like to mention that this is a bit different than the biogeneric deal because this is a very scarce asset. If you look at a map of Mission Bay today and plot it where sales force is going in the hospital and all the other uses, there is very little land left and nothing in this particular area for a number of years so. You have to really consider that when you’re looking at the overall pricing and the overall strategy of this. It’s going to be very little available on Mission Bay for a number of years and except for what we have and what we can build.
Peter Moglia: There is a total of 590 spaces, I think roughly half of those are leased. I don’t have that figure off the top of my head, but we can get back to you with that.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Yeah, I mean we have built parking structures in Mission Bay to the support of our existing facilities. So we have a good sense of both the parking space rental revenue, the parking space cost and those in and out themselves are standalone financial entities. So I just thought it was important to highlight that dimension of this building because the parking is an integrated part of the building in a way that is not true for our other Mission Bay facilities. And certainly isn’t true for South San Francisco, where if you do drive down today you’ve got to build parking structures and you derive, negligible or literally no revenue for that investment.
Peter Moglia: It’s looking at it in the latter percent that it justifies that return. Being adjacent to a hospital over time, well we have an opportunity with daily parking to help enhance that all I think is a reasonable expectation. Again we didn’t factor that into our underwriting.
Peter Moglia: Yeah well I think a couple of things and Steve can give you a little more color they were trying to I think monetize assets in this particular fund for their own reasons. There were a number of bidders at the table, I think at least one of two of them probably would have beaten up in pricing. But I think the certainty of our diligence knowledge and market knowledge there I think convinced them that we were the best buyer here. And I think that you have to remember that this is the market, they don’t really deal with or they have very few life science assets. So it’s not really in their sweet spot, but Steve you could comment beyond that.
Peter Moglia: Good Sheila, at Mission Bay has remained steady in the low to mid 40s and from the South San Francisco to the Stanford market, we’ve seen some recovery from a pretty distressed point to probably in the mid-30s and see that tightening up incrementally.
Peter Moglia: That’s right, but we actually started what may have been a $70 comp today on a recently signed lease in the news. I would tell you the San Diego has really been pushing rents 250 was really the asking rent for most of the Class A space for the past 12 months, but we really involve to do the $3 range over the last couple of months. So and we think we are going to continue to push that North Carolina is still fairly dormant. So the rental rates have really settled in the low 20s range. Maryland is probably in the mid-20s to low 30s for newer product. Am I missing anything else that’s about it.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, I think it really is – pencils up pretty nicely because if you look at the second building we would see somewhere again you never know what the infrastructure improvement will be for a given tenant whether it will be more of a shell deal or more of a split of the build out or whatever, but I think it’s fair to say that we would probably have overall cost probably in the somewhere in the $650 range because we don’t have to put in the amenities we put into the East Tower and I think we would have more intense lab than we have in the East Tower and I think clearly we would be in an even a slightly better position with respect to returns than the East Tower assuming rents that we’ve signed not future rent. So we feel I think reasonably comfortable with that scenario.
Peter Moglia: Yeah well I think as we were saying just a couple of minutes ago, we have signed a letter of intent for approximately 300,000 feet in Cambridge. We’ll see if we can turn that into a signed lease we have I think a high level of confidence. But until it’s done, it’s not done. So I think that kind of moves us significant step ahead on the Cambridge development side there is still – it still is together with the Bay area, one of the two top markets in the country, I think New York is not far behind. So I think there is good activity in Cambridge from a number of factors both the life science and tax factor. We’re talking about a life science user here for the building and in New York we’ve not really engaged in many discussions but we know where we left off kind of the end of last year and we kind of have a lift. There were two significant institutional users that would require something in a range of north of 200,000 square feet. We’re going to revisit those specifically come the June kind of kick off and assuming those haven’t changed and they couldn’t have gone anywhere else in the city because the reason I think we would expect there would be good activity and then we’d have to look to the future and see what makes sense as far a capital allocation and timeframes for people to make decisions et cetera. So I’d say yeah better than six months ago for sure.
Peter Moglia: Well I think our numbers are in pretty good shape. I think we’d like to see our debt-to-EBITDA numbers as Dean said they continue to trail down into the sixes in a very positive fashion. Part of that will come from bringing on additional EBITDA, but yeah I mean our goal is clearly to continue to eliminate secured debt and obviously refinance the 750 term loan and obviously half the bond market. So those are all kind of a combination of play.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Moglia: But I think overall, I think overall our leverage is not in bad shape and I think the – moving out of that Mission Bay Land holding I think helped us significantly.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
