Peter Moglia: Sheila, this is Peter Moglia. I just wanted to add a couple of things, currently the availability in Torrey Pines is only 3.5%. And rents have grown since 2011 by 32%, so with the low availability and the opportunity to get inventory with the trend that we saw it in rent it look like a really good opportunity and we are really excited about it.
Peter Moglia: Hey this is Peter, I just wanted to underscore demand in this Cambridge JLL just came out with the lab space report that said that the ratio of demand to supply right now is 9 to 1. So we have never seen anything quite like that in our history and that explains the very high increases that we are seeing in rents.
Peter Moglia: Hi this is Peter and I just wanted to underscore that we are still pursuing value add even when we are doing acquisitions of existing properties I mean the property at One Kendall has 30% of the space rolling over the next few years with similar mark to market. Same thing with the San Diego property, but the thing that these two acquisitions have in common as that they are very height barrier market. If you look at Torrey Pines, you look at Cambridge, there are very few owners, so when something comes up, if we don’t get it, somebody else that competes with us will and so it is so we do our best to find a value and we have done it so far.
Peter Moglia: And this is Peter, misspoke it is 55% of the at least start rolling [ph] in the next couple of years at One Kendall and 30% mark to market opportunity, thank you.
Steve Richardson: Sheila, hi, it is Steve Richardson. Yeah, I think as we reported for the past couple of quarters, we do see demand, very strong in south San Francisco, vacancy rates have dropped below 5%. The increases in rental rates have been very substantial, second generation space is probably increased 25% over the past 12 to 18 months. So we consider that a very health y market. We recently completed the big campus with [indiscernible] the Google subsidy area, so we are very bullish on South San Francisco.
Steve Richardson: Tom, hi, it is Steve Richardson. Similarly there are probably three different dimensions to the demand here. One is continued very healthy and robust demand, we have been experiencing about 2 million square feet of demand and not for just the past quarter but two or three years now we don’t see any drop off about half of that is credit tenants out in the market looking for additional facilities. The second piece is that we are also seeing continued sense of urgency so the early renewable discussion continue, we have had good success with that past 12 months and we see that happening in the foreseeable future and finally we have very high profile entities coming into the clusters, most recently the chance [indiscernible] initiative which is pooling together the resources that UCSF, Stanford and UC, Berkley, so actually very continued exciting developments in our clusters in San Francisco.
Steve Richardson: Tom, it is Steve again, I would say 10 stores to the latter, these companies really do want to be in these clusters. So we are seeing continued demand which is leading us to be able to push rent, we registered a 9.6% increase in the mark to market for the rental rates that we have in San Francisco.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, so we haven’t really seen that on the ground. In actual practice, at this point I think yeah, as I said in my prepared remarks I think increasingly if older drugs are going to command less pricing power, there is going to be a much stronger need to bring new molecular entries where they be chemical and these are biological and these to the market, that really have cured facts of really positively impact , therapy or treatment and it seems to me that's going to even dry people more strongly in to the urban cores to access the talent and the innovation. So I think you are going to see continually more of that and people - if companies growth rates, if you look at Illumina, Illumina’s growth rate is moving probably from a 30% growth rate to a 10% growth rate. I think you will see companies reach out and look at greater opportunities to bring, to widen their product portfolio and their technology platform and where can you do that, you can't do that and isolated campus and suburban locations, you really got to do it in the heart of innovation. So we are still pretty good about that but haven’t seen any actual changes on the ground and in the markets. I mean you just look at our staff and the demand we haven’t seen it roll back at all.
Joel Marcus: Well I think it is very company specific and I think it is very hard to generalize and I don’t think we would be telling management teams or board of directors do this or don’t do that. They can determine that factor based on their own analysis of their own G&A, their own requirements, their needs access innovated platforms or technologies but I think we just haven’t seen on the ground yet. Some people want large groups of employees on the ground who might have opus uses or development side and other people are putting kind of key research facilities on these cluster but I think as a percentage of overall spend remember that rent is not a significant part of the spend in our world and our sectors compose as compared to say financial services, law firms, accounting firms and so forth. And remember two, if whoever wins the president and CEO, over the house and the Senate go, there is one thing that they could do that could absolutely generate growth in the economy and that would be to do a onetime tax on repatriation of overseas cash which I think if you look at corporate America, that something between two and three trillion dollars so if you could imagine, 15% or 20% one-time tax on that and use that tax for infrastructure that would really move this country in a pretty dramatic way and it can't be too controversial but we have seen positive impact on the ground and clusters not anything negative and I think we are giving advice to these teams.
Joel Marcus: I think we have said Mike on past calls and in our commentary if you go to page 41 that the future project page and we are very pleased it is really high quality locations that I think will attract a lot of interest but I think given the size of our pipeline and we delivering this year, next year in particular and then into early 2018 at the moment, we don’t need to really to match about the future we've got, I think great sides and shovel ready access to respond to really compelling opportunities and will do that as appropriate but at the moment we are not prepared to announce anything.
Joel Marcus: Well as w said in the beginning of the year, we didn’t know that One Kendall Square would come to market; we certainly didn’t know that Torrey Ridge campus would come to market. So we underwrite, Peter and his team underwrite everything that is out there, but we typically aren’t aggressive acquirers unless we see something we think is just so compelling where we saw One Kendall and we talked about that last time. I think those are situations that we kind of pull together, our analysis and our view of the market and take a stock of that but those are really kind of at hawk situations got all over and developer rather than acquirer in most cases.
Joel Marcus: But if something there was I think it is 245 First that came to market which sits right next to our [indiscernible] project at 215 at first, we looked at that and decided there was really no immediate opportunity that add value to that project and offers power and lab building. And so we didn’t enter the bidding so we try to be very disciplined and how we think about deploying capital and we think we would rather equate value as peter always says rather than pay somebody else for their value.
Joel Marcus: Well I think we look at New York city as a great market, each of these clusters takes about a generation, 25 years to mature, San Francisco, certainly after Genome Tech [ph] was founded and certainly the Cambridge cluster really hastened by some of the early companies and then highlighted by well obviously anchored by MIT and highlighted by Novartis’ move of their R&D headquarters to Cambridge. Remember we are still kind of at the end of the first decade in New York so we think there is I think great opportunities for expansion. We view that market is a great market but to some extend it is going to be driven by a lot of early company formation out of the universities, I don’t think you are going to see big companies move 1000 of people into Manhattan but we have been very successful in recruiting unique units, we did a Roche, we have done at Nestle, we recruited the key oncology group at Lilly, Pfizer's Centre of Therapeutic Innovation. So we think we can bring a number of unique research boutiques to New York city and we think that these type of medical coders at best location but we clearly would look at other, I don’t think we go to the west side because the cross town traffic to the east side, to the medical corridors pretty tough, I don’t know but that’s how we look at it, but overtime I am sure will have a number of sites there.
Joel Marcus: Yeah that’s the questions that certainly come up in a number of discussion and we pay close attention to that. We think that again Cambridge is the center of the universe on the life science industry and gives us good feeling when you are adjacent within a stone throw of MIT, we feel it is really long term great real estate. We do think that you will see continued growth in the bay area, Dean has done a fabulous job of expanding San Diego I think overtime we will see more activity in Seattle and in New York City so I think you will see those five clusters continue to grow. We hope that Maryland will with new injection of funds into the NIG and FDA we hope some of our key campuses are anchored by NIH and Maryland and then overtime we hope that Ag-Tech world will grow dramatically down in North Carolina, so we feel that we will manage that risk and we do pay attention to it for sure.
Joel Marcus: Well I don’t know that we have any necessary target but I think as we look at capital allocation each year will pay close attention to that to make sure we don’t have an undue risk in anything or market but we feel good about where we are and what is in the pipeline and I mean if you look at page 41 for example which I just alluded to we have got significant development opportunities in San Francisco obviously New York, San Diego and Seattle to name a few so I think we are pretty well balance in that regard.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah Manny, in the quarter we recorded an impairment of $3.1 million. It really was to recognize reduction in the net book value of an investment of a privately held bio tech company. The charge was classified in other income in the income statement and in this case Manny it is clearly a valuation matter, we expect this company to continue to execute on their solid business model. This bio tech companies widely recognized as a leader in the chemical industry and providing solutions to produce chemicals from alternative feed stock. Not a traditional bio pharma tenant. So good company and still but we had to reduce the value of our investments and so that it was recognized in the third quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: No, not really I think Tom, Dean Shigenaga here. I think you just got keep in mind on a very large project for 50 and 60 an example, you have to appropriately budget your cost of completion and ended up with conservative underwriting that realize the 5% cost savings and those opportunities do exist in the portfolio and in this case on a project of that size it has a meaningful impact.
Dean Shigenaga: Well I think in 400 Dexter we have discussions with the current occupant Juno Therapeutics, they represent probably the best of breed in the cancer immunotherapy area and at 100 Binney we have several companies including big pharma and bio tech. We don’t have any offers or any tech requirements looking I think either of those buildings that I know at the moment.
Dean Shigenaga: It is in our future pipeline of project that we can build on page 41 of supplemental page. Here maybe a short lease back by the club on that sight, maybe up to a year but anyways it really represents important product for the future.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure that’s scheduled on page 49 of our supplement package; we have about 290 million in total maturities in 2017. The bulk of it is in two loans one is $76 million secured loan that is actually scheduled for repayment in December of this year and that’s included in our sources and uses on our guidance disclosures and then we also have another construction loan of $210 million, that we have an opportunity to extend it but we haven’t yet committed to the extension or repayment. We hope to have more color for you on Investor Day.
Dean Shigenaga: Two things to consider there Rich, one, as I mentioned the forward equity sale agreements actually brought in some additional shares into third quarter weighted average share count of about 751,000 shares, that’s the equivalent of about $0.01 dilution to the quarter but importantly lot of leasing activity that we have executed on this year is capturing early renewals. As an example, the top six or so leases executed in the third quarter, none of the explorations related to 2016, most of it was 2017 or later, in fact two of the six went out to ‘21 and ‘22, so most of the upside in that quarter activity will be captures by mid ‘17. So it doesn’t drop to a direct FFO impact for the third and fourth quarter. But again I think, keep in my mind the fundamentals remains solid, limited supply of Class A space and really strong demand and we’re in a pretty sweet spot as we look forward.
David Rodgers: Yeah, Dean I don’t if you want to take this or maybe Tom and others can address it, but I guess on 100 Binney and 400 Dexter, you said you are negotiating number of floors just going to the kind of type of tenants that you are talking to, there is not that but they are smaller going to be multi-core users, but as these tech tenants, lab tenants expansions are kind of flags for the portfolio.
David Rodgers: Okay great that’s helpful and then maybe I don’t know if this is for Steve or for Dean, it sounds like $140 million acquisition included or was it inside the entirety of the 88 Bluxome site, is that going to be pulled on as land, as a building as redevelopment, I guess how do you categorize that if it is land that go in the land number that you quoted earlier Dean and if not then I guess it doesn’t matter.
David Rodgers: Okay, do you maybe think of maybe [ph] your plan for the secured maturities in 2017 and one those that are up.
Rich Anderson: Hey thanks and good afternoon. First question Joel is there any sort of opportunity beyond these sides of Manhattan that you guys are looking into so clustered there, I just wonder if there is anything where we could see more expanded platform someday just in future.
Rich Anderson: All right, great and then speaking to Cambridge and understanding this humongous demand opportunity as mentioned 9 to 1 ratio sound s great and likely we will continue to be a fantastic market for you but 40% of your portfolio now at what point does even grey grows like that become a concentration risk for the company longer term.
Rich Anderson: Okay, fair enough and then maybe final question for Dean, and more of a modeling thing, you raised same store by 50 basis points but FFO sort of reiterated. Was there an offset there or just not enough too much little bit of rounding or didn’t move the needle at the FFO line.
