Joel S. Marcus: Thanks, Paula, and welcome everybody. We’ll try to be somewhat shortened format hopefully we leave more time for Q&A and efficiency on a busy earnings day. Starting on the macro, we’re obviously fortunate that ARE have the very good business with the highest quality team, Class A assets, cluster hub locations, really world class tenants and I hope that continuing really great disclosure. We’re blessed to have significant opportunities to grow in our core CBD cluster markets and luckily don’t need to stray away from world-class locations. I think it’s fair to say that we have finally achieved the renaissance for life science R&D in the best cluster sub markets where ARE dominates, if you read April 29, addition, there was a great quote in there, let me share it with you, we could be witnessing a substantial re-rating where instead of a discount on R&D premium could ultimately be awarded for the potential option value of curing disease and therefore really our focus is and has been bio and pharma in core cluster markets. Important to note, two of that area has only 7% about, 7% of ABR exposure to those specific universities and non-profits in the tenants sector which are much more heavily dependant on government financing and we seek to be doing business with those that have large endowments in the center of the clusters. On internal growth for a moment, let me just transition there, we had a very solid leasing quarter of almost over 700,000 square feet, we’ve only got about 568,000 square feet left to lease in the balance of 2013 on lease rolls and about 309,000 unresolved. So this is actually pretty minor compared to the usual strong effort is being made to lease up purely vacant space by our first-in-class regional teams and that should positively impact occupancy across all regions, both starting in the second quarter and beyond. : San Diego decreased a bit due to some vacancy and newly operating properties but once again our strong domination of the San Diego lab leasing market will move that very positively through the balance of 2013 and we feel very comfortable with our year-end forecast, occupancy forecast of 93.9% to 94.3% and certainly hope to beat that. On the external growth side, we have very solid leasing quarter for redevelopments and developments of almost over 450,000 square feet heavily attributable to the area than Onyx leasing. And we hope that we would like to know an improved disclosure on developments and redevelopment that should make it very clear to follow these projects and visualize the high quality and the details of what we’re doing in those value add programs. On the development leasing, we have signed a 131,000 square foot for fourth floor LOI with the credit tenant at the Alexandria Center for Life Science, New York City and several other LOIs are in process. We actually have quite a number of active prospects probably more than a half dozen, who are actively engaged with and heavily interestingly enough coming from both Japan and Europe from Pharma. We expect to be hopefully close to 50% leased as we head into the summer months. We expect in the June and July timeframe to have 499, substantially fully leased and resolved, so stay tuned. On the balance sheet and Dean will speak about this a bit. We’re on target to hit our leverage target by the end of year and we refer you to the details on – are in the press release. On the expected sales, we got $45 million of non-income producing assets under negotiation right now. $65 million projected from the partial sale into the joint venture from 75/125 Binney, which is ongoing and the remainder would be about $125 million coming from additional domestic and potentially favor to internationally of non-income producing assets. So we think it’s imminently achievable and being highlight the EBITDA on boarding through the end of the year. On the sales of income producing assets and a recycling program we’re mostly done for 2013, for income producing assets very modest amount for 2014, total NOI loss at a maximum for 2013, 2014 the balance would be probably less than $2 million and then we hope we would refer you to land undergoing pre-construction, we’ve got some new land and hopefully very helpful disclosure, so that over time, we can restore the valuation for those great projects that are well deserved and then finally on the dividend side, I would expect that the Board would continue to look at sharing increasing cash flow with our shareholders. So stay tuned on that. So let me turn it over to Dean.
Joel S. Marcus: Well I guess that’s a question, you could ask of almost any offer in one does. I think we’ve been heavily focused on a number of other things in the first quarter completing our asset sales certainly in the second quarter, we’re in pretty heavily focused on the financing, the bank financing of the construction loan financing of the two projects that Dean referred to. We’ll probably look to tap the ATM a little bit over the coming 2Q, 3Q into 4Q, and we’ll look probably as we start to get into early summer at the bond market. We’re pretty comfortable with the – the state of the overall bond market. We don’t think the Fed is moving in any different direction, but we’ll clearly tepid it and as Dean outlined, our goal is to reach the targeted numbers that we said likely of $400 million bond offering and obviously turn that out. So I think I’d stay tuned. We no longer necessarily commit any particular time but as we get closer to the summer months and finish up some of the other critical priority transaction especially non-income producing sales we’ll clearly turn to the bond there.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets:  Joel, its Michael Bilerman. You just ever know what external forces could have an impact on the bond market or the equity markets for that matter and – moving out. So even if you have a desire to wait till all the summer. I guess would you at least do a rate lock so that you can lock in where you stand and rather than take any risk or just issue it. You can wakeup tomorrow morning and issue bonds, it’s not like you need to do a lot of work to do that construction, financing or mortgage won’t take a lot more time but doing at unsecured issuance seems to be pretty simple.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah well everything takes time and its allocation of resources. I think on the rate lock I mean my own view is I think the economy is actually going to get worse not better. So I think you actually may see rates come down even more than they are today. So I think I would watch the rate lock pretty carefully and I’m not so sure that we are going to see rates move against us but clearly we’re paying close attention to that for sure.Michael Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets: Thanks for that guys.
Joel S. Marcus: As far as for acquisition or financing, James?Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Its sales of your – people are more interested in your asset.
Joel S. Marcus: Yes, (inaudible) for a second, yeah, so I guess 33 and 34 you may be referring to. So on 33, the two important parcels and they are pretty well highlighted as to geography square footage etcetera, 100 Binney and 50 Binney. We’ve talked about each of those a little bit on past calls and then in conferences. Our timeline, I think would be to try to monetize those in the one to three year period. We think that demand in Cambridge would allow us probably to move forward with a 100 Binney, probably sooner and then potentially 500 Binney. We are also looking at doing two buildings at 50 Binney potentially we’re looking at some other opportunities there. But I would say monetizable, our goal is within a one to three year range and hopefully even sooner. On the right hand side, you see the Illumina campus. There are two additional buildings totaling almost 400,000 square feet. We are moving forward with certain San Diego permitting as requested by Illumina there. In fact their stock and their earnings have been pretty strong. So, as they decide if and when they need to expand we’ll be ready, we’ve just delivered a number of buildings to them. So, we think over the short- to medium-term, those are eminently monetizable by building for them but we’ll wait to hear further from them. On the next page, Campus Point which is virtually full at the moment, we’ve got one existing tenants and potentially two kind of clambering for space, so we’re working on getting the San Diego entitlement to build something up to close to 150,000 square feet. We think this is eminently monetizable in the more near term and actually the construction path that we mentioned down below there is one type of 452 to 505 yeah 450 to 505 not 550 to 605. So we think that is a near-term opportunity with the one to two existing high quality tenants there. And then on the Salt Lake Union land, we’ve got a number of opportunities both from potentially institutions and potentially even tech tenants which are assuming to take over that market and we’re doing some entitlement work and working hard to see if we can monetize which we expect on at least one or two of these parcels probably in the relatively near-term as well. So we feel pretty good about that, if you flip over to page 36, once we put 499 to bed, our attention will turn to 1600 because we think there is some pent-up demand down in Mission Bay certainly institutionally, we think with coming on of half the three hospitals and the demand for a variety of users that then becomes center stage. We’ve had a number of employees, one in particular from a major hospital system working at that, so that could, we think that’s maybe a little bit more out beyond the year but hopefully maybe sooner than we think. Again once we finish with 499 and then on Page 37, we’ve highlighted the Phoenix campus and what else we can do, we can build another building there north of a 100,000 square feet, we feel that they will probably fast-growing companies, their stocks been on fire, their cancer products have really been well received in the markets, so we fully expect to build that project. And then finally in 9800 Medical Centre, we really have two great buildings there, but I think given the market in Maryland at the moment, and until that market further strengthens, we likely wouldn’t be building that. So I think that is more out beyond the near to medium-term. So hopefully that’s helpful.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, we had looked at it, we were involved with some, I think it’s practically very hard because of 501(c) rules, so I don’t think the opportunity is as great as one would imagine. I think also one have to look today again with the challenges of federal funding and lesser dealing with credit strength of universities like MIT or others, Harvard. Going to outline universities could prove to be very challenging because their financial situation certainly under government budget pressure is going to be tough. So that’s not something we are particularly pursuing.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah. So far this year, we really haven’t been active in bidding. We do have a pipeline in each and every one of our core cluster markets. We’ve been really stringent not going outside of those. So we are focused on the best markets in downtown Seattle, clearly the West Bay of San Francisco to refines. We did buy one great set of assets up there last year in the spring which we will redevelop here hopefully over the coming year, down into refines. Clearly Massachusetts in the more CBD area, we are looking at opportunities and probably may be in and around New York in the city potentially if we have a large firm that comes from overseas that we couldn’t accommodate at the Alexandria center. We might look for another Manhattan site, but we vigorous or really carefully stayed out of the suburbs because we are certainly trying to avoid as many of these suburban assets as possible because we think the best growth, the highest quality cash flow is going to be in the CBD cluster market. Peter, you could comment broadly too.
Joel S. Marcus: Well, I would say that is a viable ongoing on vital cluster today. I mean think if – have you been down there Jeff?Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors: Yes I have.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, I mean if you go down there, you’ll see the UCSF’s research campus is relatively fully developed, housing is amazing, we’re seeing increased retail, obviously we’ve got a number of commercial centres there, the hospital when it comes on in late 2014, early 2015 three of them will really kind of create an explosion of people down there, The Third Street Light Rail is in. So I don’t think there’s anything left to do, except continue to build it out. I think this clusters has moved, if I think about Cambridge in the early days and University Park for the city really pioneered that took about a 10 year effort. This has really taken a lot less in a sense. Susan Desmond-Hellmann who is new chancellor of UCSF, she used to run Genentech’s product division very heralded person. She is building her headquarters building if you will down there. So it’s great. I think the only thing that is really missing is, probably and even more robust tech presence, but I think with Cisco down there, I think you’ll see some other great entities and again you’ll hear about some of those coming down there. I think it’s a thriving fully integrated cluster and we’re very appreciative to have the really the ground floor opportunity there. I think we’ll continue to monitor sales force, I mean if they continue to grow who knows, they may end up building some stuff down there, and if not, may be we’ll have a chance to do some things further down there as well. But luckily it’s off our balance sheet for the moment.Jeff Theiler – Green Street Advisors: Okay that’s great color. Thank you.
Joel S. Marcus: There might be a little bit of the latter, but mostly I mean if you could imagine if we joint venture, one of the Binney projects 50 or 100 that would more than enough to take care of that amount and we have active discussions on that right now. We have some active tenant discussions going on. So if we do what we did or what we’re planning on doing and Peter is really heading up this project with Tom Andrews if we, JV the 100 or 50 Binney were done.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, my guess is over the next several months George, because it does take time to execute on the transaction, so if we’re not there in the next three months to five months, I think we would have a challenging time to complete it by the end of the year.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, I would say don’t read anything into any particular quarter, shorter term leases, sometimes we’ve hadn’t bounce around two, three, four years whereas development, redevelopment tend to be five, 10, 15 plus, so I don’t think there is anything you could read as a big trend. And then I think on TIs and so forth. Again, I think I wouldn’t read anything special. They’re kind of one of the mill, I don’t think anything and I ask in Dean, I can’t remember anything this quarter that was particularly unusual. So it’s a pretty average quarter.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, we have a non-income producing land parcel or an unoccupied building. We might choose to monetize that, because we’ve got some great location. So those would be I think relatively easily achievable. But I think the bulk of what we’re talking about is domestic. So I wouldn’t, don’t hold your breadth on that.
Joel S. Marcus: Yeah, we’re not currently engaged with what we have requirements from office tenants, but that’s not what we’re moving with.Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great thanks guys.
Joel S. Marcus: Well, it’s a good opportunity for balance sheet purposes to do that. There is a huge amount of interest in Cambridge Class A assets with strong tenant. So, and the numbers are sizable and we’ve got a sizable construction pipeline. So it made sense to look at that. I mean if we did an Onyx, which is much smaller, lot of brain damage for not a lot of [pub]. So that’s the one that makes eminent sense and there is some risk of future lease up that we can take advantage of I think as well.
Joel S. Marcus: Okay, well, thanks everybody. We did it in less than 45 minutes. So we’ll look forward to talk you on the second quarter. Thank you.
Peter M. Moglia: I guess the only thing, I would say is that the rental rates are holding very well that what we’ve underwritten and put into the disclosures. I would say that we’re doing better is in absorption. We had a much more conservative absorption period in our numbers. So we’re looking to improve on that and if everything goes as plan, we should.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s helpful.
Peter M. Moglia: I just – Sheila that I think, we’ve been out of the acquisition game for a little bit, but in looking around at all the different regions as Joel said, there are probably as many opportunities today as there were the last time we were in the market. So that’s encouraging. And there is some really interesting high quality assets that could be immediately accretive if we were able to get them at the right price. So we’re keeping our eye out and but focused on all the other goals we have right now.Sheila McGrath – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. And then Joel, I noticed in your annual report you mentioned that NYU Neuroscience is a tower too and I was just wondering if you could give us a little more detail on that and where...
Peter M. Moglia: Hey Tony its Peter. It’s going to vary, but I would say that in Cambridge right now you’re probably sub six if you got good credit behind the tenant. New York would probably be around five to maybe less than that considering what I’ve been looking at through some of the market reports from brokers. Then you go down to San Diego it’s a very strong market too, but cap rates don’t tend to go that low. So you probably be something with the six and all, but low there as long as you had high-quality building, something like the Kansas point though or the Illumina, Kansas. I wouldn’t want to sell, because it’s so valuable, but if I did, I would definitely look for something sub six. Maryland and RTP in the suburban markets, it goes up quite a bit. You’re probably talking about a couple of 100 basis points above the clusters. Nothing that we’ve sold that you’ve seen recently can really be a good comp, because of things we saw that really been coming off leases, so income wasn’t behind those values. But I would imagine that if we sold something like a West Watkins or Clopper that was sold last quarter and those – the income was perpetual, we would have been able to sell those something around mid 7s to 8.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Well, we’re kind of done with the income producing asset sales. But we did have a cadre of folks that we’re kind of in each and every deal that we were looking at that we’re interested in the repositioning of the assets and maybe taking on some of the capital that was going to be needed to reposition more to potentially be a lab owner in Suburban. And so I can’t really tell you if anything is changed recently, because we haven’t really marketed much of anything outside of the one property that we closed this last quarter in Pennsylvania and that was sold to a company that was actually purchasing the main tenant of that property. So that was more of a user sale. So I’m not sure, I can give you any more color.Jamie Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yeah. As you can imagine, we had a pretty short timeline in order to deliver Roach, the space to Roach. So we are really looking for a December, early to mid December delivery of the first phase in the second tower.
Dean A. Shigenaga: Yeah, I think San Francisco was importantly – important in that number and I think San Diego was as well. So it’s varies, but those were – I’d say it is standup markets this quarter.Sheila McGrath – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, all right thank you.
Dean A. Shigenaga: And I think on Page 17, we’ve added trailing 12 months disclosures on leasing activity. To give you a sense that a quarter can be anomaly because it’s relatively small amount of activity, but on a trailing 12, you can see the statistics are pretty similar over the last several years.
