Dean Shigenaga: Nick, it’s Dean here. Two ways to think about this, let me talk a little bit more generally about what I see both for ‘16 and ‘17. I think fundamentally as you know our annual steps or structural rent escalations average about 3% and so there's always the baseline for cash same property performance. What you have at least in ’16 I think we've got about 1% growth in same property performance with some occupancy gains. We do have opportunities to still gain occupancy in the same property pool. And so you can still get about 1% from that. And I think you're driving about 2% at least over the two years in that general range from mark to markets on leasing activity and as you know the mark to markets have been pretty robust. And where we're getting real upside I think is on the early renewals. But what you probably also have embedded in 2017 is some benefit from cash coming in as concessions burn off. Keep in mind redevelopment and development projects are excluded from same property results until the asset is in service for both comparative periods for the entirety of the period. But occasionally as a concession burns off during that period you might have a slight benefit. I don't have the details right in front of me, Nick, to go through the exact build up to the 7.5%. But we are ahead of our ten-year average which is about 5%, so it is a very strong same property year for 2017.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, 75/125 Binney Street is because it's been in service for the comparative period but 50 and 60 Binney was just delivered so that it’s excluded from same property performance.
Dean Shigenaga: You’re right in that general calculation, Nick, I’d say the one thing that probably offsets that benefit this year is related to the move out of Lilly space at 10300 as we move Lilly from 10300 to 10290 in the brand new redevelopment we delivered to them. So we do expect a little downtime as we transition Lilly's former space at 10300 to re-tenant that space.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Dean here again Nick. I would say the capital raise in the ATM program was always anticipated in the previously disclosed guidance assumptions that we have provided. So I would say that we pretty much hit our expectations in the capital raise for the program.
Dean Shigenaga: Jamie, it’s Dean here again. I'd say our programs have been pretty consistent over a number of years now and we actually want to continue to utilize selective asset sales as appropriate whether that it is a core asset with a nice cap - tight cap rate on it or whether it's a non-core asset that’s just appropriate to put in the portfolio. So we'll continue to look at our options. I think in any given environment we're always evaluating different debt. And I'll call it the equity type capital whether it's asset sales, real estate assets sales or common equity and just remain very disciplined in trying to find the right balance of disciplined and overall cost of capital to fund these outstanding really high quality development projects. Great tenancy, great cash flows really well located real estate and so I think we've been very prudent over the years and will continue to act in that same manner.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. So Manny, on the, I think this is in reference to the incremental NOI disclosed that we expected for 2017 has grown roughly 10 plus million dollars. I don't have the exact number right in front of me, Manny. We were at the upper end of our range at Investor Day as there were still some moving pieces and there still are today. We do still have some space that we need to resolve on the lease-up, but it’s very little. And we also moved up a piece of 400 Dexter into 2017 as well. All in all, fairly small adjustments, it’s a big number overall, because you're talking $100 million, but I think we move the number about maybe 10%.
Dean Shigenaga: The biggest delivery would have been 15, 60 Binney which was delivered literally at the end of the third quarter. I'm starting to, I think the second largest delivery was Uber and that transaction. We also had the acquisitions close, which drove top line revenue and I think we also had enough parcel pick up possibly until another project at San Diego 10. All right. But those are the big, those are the big deliveries, Rich.
Dean Shigenaga: It's really dependent, Rich, but I guess if you had to say apples-to-apples, right now, I would say would be down just because volume could be down from roughly 3 million square feet for 2016, but it should remain fairly consistent on a square footage basis for any lease renewals and release in a space. Those numbers, Rich, are fairly, they're fairly small to start with. So, it probably doesn't beg too much.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. But any upside on early renewals, Rich, I think to the extent you have a little CapEx with recapturing a significant mark-to-market, I think it's a home run.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. So Sheila, you probably were looking at for input on insight into two areas, one, same store and leasing. I would say Novartis in that early renewal was very significant. It was a key component of our assumption and I would say that we were cautious as we prepared guidance as well as updating guidance for this year. We held things firm where they were previously at Investor Day. So, Novartis puts us in a great position to perform well, both on same-store and leasing and hopefully as we make our way through the year, there's some upside as we attack other early renewals.
Steve Richardson: Sure. Jamie, hi it’s Steve. Certainly on the lab side we continue to see steady demand, we're tracking about 2.4 million square feet which is roughly the same that we were tracking last year. So steady demand and that's against the backdrop of really an increased tightening in the market and we've got really zero availability in Mission Bay, down to 3.5% availability versus 7.9% a year ago in South San Francisco and 0.9% availability in the peninsula compared to 2.3% a year ago. So you've got very steady demand on the life science side with a tightening market availability certainly. The tech demand is somewhat similar, we're tracking about 2.9 million square feet now that's roughly in the range of the 3-plus million square feet that we've been tracking in San Francisco for the past year or two. And then down on the peninsula a similar story of about 4.5 million square feet tracking, which is within 5% of what we've been tracking the last year or two. So demand stays very healthy both on the lab and tech side and I think particularly healthy given the various supply constraints on the lab side.
Steve Richardson: Michael, hi, it’s Steve. Yeah. It really evolved over time as Uber became more and more engaged in the design process and as time went by and the additional enhancements they wanted to add to the shell, I think it became apparent to both parties and we're still working very closely together in a partnership. We're managing the entire construction of the facility and we expect to manage the facility once it's delivered as well, but as far as the restructuring, we stepped back and said really, we both had Paramount objectives that we wanted to meet. One was, their continued design and investment in the shell and so this structure really gets to that goal certainly very well, and at the same time, we wanted certainty of delivery and to really resolve our investment in the project. We had been kept all along through the investment in the project. So what we've ended up with is a structure that met both parties’ objectives long term, the economics remained identical, perhaps, they were enhanced a bit with the longer term ground lease there, but I think it's been a great outcome that everybody's very pleased with.
Steve Richardson: Yeah. I think there was a small amount in the fourth quarter, Manny, related to domestic or US real estate transactions, including some costs we expensed related to [indiscernible]. But at the end of the day, we're beyond and out of India now, I think which is a huge positive in being able to reinvest that capital and we're working our way through two remaining assets that we own in China and stay tuned. I don't want to try to forecast on stuff we look to monetize in Asia, because timing is more difficult to predict than it is in the US, but we are working on that.
Steve Richardson: Sure. Sheila, hi, it's Steve. We are actively pursuing entitlements and we have been for a while now. So as you've seen in the supplement, we've got design drawings. We've been into the city for a number of months. We have a really rich set of community benefits, so we think we're very well positioned. So we'll look over the next year or two for entitlements and have a sublease or a leaseback during that time. If we need to extend, we can go ahead and extend, but I think right now, we're thinking of a one to two your horizon.
Steve Richardson: Yes. Again Sheila, that market overall is very healthy. We've just got about a 3.5% vacancy and certainly with Merck taking our next to last large parcel, we are focused intently now on the 279 East Grand parcel. We've seen other leases transacted there as well, 5 Prime sits about 115,000 feet, and possible foods about 60,000 feet and about three other tenants taking 30,000 feet just in the past quarter here. So it's a very healthy market and we're just positioning ourselves to be absolutely ready for an anchor tenant and having initial conversations with a couple of different groups.
Steve Richardson: Hi, Don. It’s Steve again. Yeah, this was a parcel that was a little bit unique. It was part of an assemblage effort we had a number of years ago. So you had very challenging access through an easement along a large warehouse facility that ultimately will stay a large warehouse for a long period of time. There was significant site work that would have need to have been completed and it was a little bit of a one-off as a standalone parcel. So given the other activity, we certainly had in South San Francisco, we thought it made good sense to go ahead and recycle that capital and put it into projects like 213 East Grand that are well underway.
Joel Marcus: I don’t know whether we’re on the list or not but my guess is there's a corporate office headquarters and one would imagine they would be looking in for additional office kinds of developments. And they're highly cost conscious on corporate HQ.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. So I think Mike when I went through my prepared comments, I tried to give some context to the ones we think could be more near term. I'm not sure we're prepared to give you a start date or year or time, but I indicated that 161 First Street which has to go resi, we are actually going to be moving out commercial tenants as part of our development agreement with Cambridge will be front and center, 399 Binney, we’re already responding to proposals for that. So that we see as a fairly near term. We are looking at East Grand in South San Francisco, an additional start there as we have pretty high demand in that market. Similarly in Seattle and Maryland, but we'll keep you posted on when those may happen.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. That's a really interesting question and it is I think very company specific. Where companies are transacting matters and need additional space or they just got an approval on a big drug and they're needing to ramp up the infrastructure for that launch, they move ahead. I think if somebody is just sitting back and looking at what's going to happen for example as I mentioned, there's about $100 billion to $150 billion of overseas cash, that's a pretty telling amount and if all or part of that was able to be brought back, I think that will influence people pretty dramatically to do things, but I don't think people are ready to spend that money yet, but we still see in each of the markets, we're near all-time highs in overall occupancy and demands have stayed very strong. You can just see by Novartis re-upping a year ahead of time or more, Merck initiating a new development. We see quite a number of things in the queue. So I don't think despite the frenetic pace of what the administration is doing compared to past administrations, this is a business person without political experience. So it's a different environment. I think companies are pretty much going about their business, but I do think that those of you saw the roundtable discussion today, virtually every CEO who was in the room was talking about hiring more people, expanding in the US and clearly the President was encouraging them to do so. So we think that all augurs pretty favorably. The only downside will be is, the trade issue because obviously that's one of those things that people have to keep in mind. This is a worldwide market and it's important. Europe is an important market, even though, it's many markets and Japan is an important market as well as a burgeoning China. So we will see, but overall, pretty positive.
Joel Marcus: Well, I didn’t say anything about anything starting this year. I said, as a definitive, I said that we were, we believe that as we gain leasing traction, certain projects could come to the top of the list and I named five of those, particularly 161 First, which will be because it's resi, but yeah, I don't think we would want to speculate, but other than to say what Tom said about 399 East Grand is likely lab, Seattle could be either and 9800 medical center in Rockville would be lab.
Joel Marcus: Thank you, everybody. We're about one hour in and we appreciate your attention. Look forward to talking to you on first quarter call. Thank you again.
Tom Andrews: Yeah. This is Tom Andrews, Rich. It’s relatively modest office space in that complex and a little bit more than lab space currently on a percentage basis, but there are a number of -- there are several suites within the complex that we're evaluating for potential conversion when leases burn off.
Tom Andrews: Yeah. This is Tom once again. We don't have that answer yet. It is encouraging to know that Takeda was out in the market looking for additional space prior to the announcement of the Ariad deal, which suggests that their existing campus in Cambridge is full and the Ariad acquisition may help them control space if they actually need it.
Tom Andrews: Novartis had been leasing up until a couple of years ago, about 425,000 square feet at the Tech Square Campus. Upon completion of this extension, I believe that about third, about 320,000 square feet. So they have downsized a little bit in the campus as you're probably aware, they've added their own campus down the street of about 500,000 square feet. So pretty modest downsizing within our campus. That space has all been re-leased to others at good rent bumps. There was no free rent offered and the TI allowance associated with was very modest.
Tom Andrews: Yeah. Hi, Tom, this is Tom Andrews. So that condo sale came out as a result of a fixed price option that was negotiated back in 2011 when we had signed the anchor lease with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute for the Longwood center development at 360 Longwood. Recall that we were a 27.5% partner with two other investors in that development. And so the price, which is about $1,150 a square foot was, as I said, a fixed price option that was really integral to getting the anchor lease signed. I would note that the company has no other significant fixed price options in its entire portfolio. So you won’t see this type of sale again. And we're not planning on doing any future fixed price options. It was kind of a situation when you deal with an institution like Dana-Farber in a market like Longwood, it was really integral for the deal and so they are getting a price, which is really below what we consider to be market there.
Tom Andrews: Yes. I mean, we're working towards those goals. You might have seen an announcement that Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, which is a largest tenant in the complex has sold a couple of marketed oncology products to Ipsen, which is a French kind of mid-size pharmaceutical company with about $6.5 billion market cap. They sold a couple of assets to them and Ipsen is going to sublease some space from them, Merrimack now with a lot of capital behind it is going to become a clinical stage biotech company with a much smaller headcount requirement. So there is a real opportunity there to potentially recover some of their space and also do term extensions with both Ipsen and Merrimack. So it's a little early to predict how that's going to come out, because there are a lot of moving parts associated with it, but we're definitely working towards trying to accelerate some of the potential rent mark-to-markets in that complex.
Tom Andrews: At 399 Binney, which is a development side at One Kendall Square, we're designing that to go either way office or laboratory space. We've had discussions with both types of tenants, but nothing to report yet in terms of a deal that's imminent. With respect to 100 Binney, that that too is designed to be either lab or office space as you know, Bristol-Myers anchors that building with lab space, but we're actually actively talking to a tech tenant about a full floor and possibly two floors of the remaining spaces available there.
