Peter Moglia: Thanks Joel. I'd like to run you guys through or highlight two notable life science trades that offer further proof that life science real estate in the core market is achieving cap rates at or near those of Class A office products. And in addition, I'd like to present some office trades that occurred in and around our submarket to offer additional context for your valuation of our operating portfolio. So first, I'd like to discuss the depending sale of Vertex headquarter research building in the Seaport Fan Pier submarket of Boston. Outside of HCP’s purchase of this portfolio in 2007, this is the largest life science real estate transaction we have seen with the purchase price of $1.125 billion or a $1,022 per square foot. Vertex occupies a 100% of the 1.08 million square feet of lab and office based. The project also contains 50,000 square feet of retail phase and 740 parking spaces. Based upon publicly disclosed information and our own estimates, we believe the cap rate of this trade was in the low sixes, likely near 6.2 upon lease up the retail space. If the property had been located in Cambridge, we believe that cap rate would have been much lower. We know that there was at least one other bidder at that price point, but senior housing properties trust was the buyer. We had a very early look at this transaction through our relationship with the developer and the brokerage for marketing the property. And although the real estate is Class A and Vertex is a solid tenant, we are unsure if Fan Pier will be able to compete with Cambridge for life science Tennessee over the long-term as it is lacks the ecosystem Kendall Square. That ultimately led to our exit from the bidding process of that transaction. Outside of the cap rate compensation, we believe that this trade offers further evidence that life science real estate has become acceptable to a wider range of investors. This is [S&H's] first life science real estate investment and we know that a number of other bidders included pension fund advisors and a sovereign well fund. This trade also illustrates that lower cap rates are driving our price per square foot statistics as we also see in Kilroy’s purchase of 401 Terry in Seattle for $106.1 million or $755 per square foot. 401 Terry is a laboratory office building located in the South Lake Union sub market that garnered considerable national attention with over 30 initial bidders. The building is relatively new and 100% leased to the institute for systems biology with moderate churn left on the lease. The cap rate on this transaction was 6.0% in considering that the tenant is not credit and a small research non-profit we believe it could have been lower. Like [to see in fewer] transaction this trade also offers further evidence to the widing audience for life science real estate. So before I hand it over to Steve, I wanted to briefly mention that 221 Main Street, a 379,000 square foot office building located in San Francisco South Financial District just north of Mission Bay traded at a 4.0% cap rate in April with a price per square foot of $725. Posting about the trade on the website [the registry] mentioned that many in the brokerage industry saw that cap rate is a little high for a large institutional quality building. We believe that as Mission Bay continues to be developed into an infield location it will become more and more integrated into SoMa and the financial district. The northern edge of Mission Bay is only mile away from 333 Brand Street where Drop Box recently signed a lease with a new high end rental rates for the area. The recently announced Warrior event center which will be located on 12 acres of land adjacent to our 401 499 Illinois property and in close proximity to 455 Mission Bay Boulevard will accelerate this integration by further enhancing Mission Bay as a 24X7 live, work, play environment and an unparalleled destination to recruit the [10 top talent]. So even if you apply the discount to our Mission Bay assets that are long-term leased to credit tenants such as Baird, Pfizer, Celgene, ECSS and The VA a cap rate in the high 4s to low 5s is justified. Lastly I’d like to note that [SO Green] is selling 673 First Avenue in New York at a 4.7% cap rate. This was actually passed on to us by one of our coverage analysts who thought it would be applicable to our New York City assets given its location of half mile the north of the Alexandria Center for Life Science, it’s [NOIE] score and medicine tenancy and that it is a leasehold interest. With our assets being long-term leased to credit tenants newly constructed fully amenitized and lacking in competitive product we’ve argued for a rate lower than this. So with that I’ll pass it over to Steve.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I think the rate of increase is probably a bit higher in the technology sector than it is the life science sector. Having said that as we've seen healthy rental rate increases in Mission Bay and Cambridge and Seattle and San Diego as well, so they’re all very healthy.
Peter Moglia: Well, I guess Tom what I could tell you is that any time that we enter into a transaction the core markets we’re just seeing more and more people involved and that’s just driving the pricing further and further. And then after something trades I get an email or a call from somebody looking to find out why did it trade so well and we talk it through and then it turns out to be a good on transaction and a good comp and we talked about here on the earnings call. I think this is the third quarter in a row I’ve gone through some pretty good comps that would give people an idea of what makes you trade for it doesn’t seem to translate when we look at our implied cap rate. So I can’t be answer why there is a gap, I don’t quite understand it. But I will, I certainly think that we’re going to continue to see more and more investment in this sector and pricing will continue to be strong.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think in the follow on to our comment Manny, last quarter we had touch briefly on the upside and the value of our investments been easily two times cost and most of those investments are healthy cost. So you did have couple of securities that driven primarily by one that have a significant increasing value during the quarter and that’s reflected through equity, so just for everybody’s note here that is not part of our P&L or income statement. But I think they’re going to find us from time-to-time. You will see some pretty meaningful growth in the value that will reflect in our investment holdings on the balance sheet, primarily as privately held or private investments and private companies transferred into a public security and that really occurs into. One as the company is for public or two the required by a public filtrated company and we end up with a unrealized increased in valuation and that will allow us to have liquidity events overtime as we been fit providing a little bit of weather income from time-to-time.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I’d have to say probably somewhere depending on treasuries and treasuries have been moving around quite a bit but call it somewhere in the low 4% range on 10 year line.
Dean Shigenaga: Two questions, Sheila; the first one regarding other income. I’d say nothing really unusual in other income in the first quarter. I would say if you’re thinking about a run rate, you should think about roughly $3 million a quarter or $12 million of other income for the year. And then as far as weather because it’s been a key topic for earnings for REIT this quarter, we’re no different in the sense that our portfolio was exposed to the weather conditions in the quarter across the country. But the benefit we have is we do have a tripe-net lease portfolio, so the tenants to bear across cold weather or heavy snow, as well as heating and cooling costs depending on hot or cold weather. So the true difference here is we had limited P&L exposure as a result of our tripe net portfolio.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think the way Steve to think about Binney is if you turn to the supplemental near the very back in our feature and near term projects, on page 31 of the supplemental, our book value on 50/60 and 100 Binney is roughly $286 million. So, our goal would be to bring in and still maintain a majority position, but sell an interest in the land for development there. And you can apply a factor, if you want to assume something just sort of something in the 45% range for a partner for the sake of doing some math. And we expect to be north of book as we sell an interest in that opportunity there. So Binney is an important component but nowhere near. We still have a number of transactions that Joel mentioned that are smaller that are moving through and we think we are going to close the gap here on the remaining that has not been discussed somewhere in the $60 million to $65 million range. And we will provide more details probably over the next quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, we haven't given guidance on gains for land sales and any gains would be excluded from our core FFO numbers. But we do expect the assets that are currently under advanced negotiations would be sold at a modest gain or a small gain.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, Mike not at all. The $0.05 growth as I stated earlier, I will rattle through quickly or $0.02 of that came from core related to early renewals. Primarily a large lease in Cambridge for 130,000 square feet $0.01 from value creation projects from lease up of additional space but we plan to deliver this year at 499 Illinois, $0.01 from acquisitions. And then $0.01 from various items included in that were updated assumptions for bond offering in 2014.
Dean Shigenaga: No I think we are doing very well relative to our guidance on same store, both the traditional GAAP view as well as the cash view. I think our cash tax as an example of 43 for the quarter if you just compare it the midpoint, the midpoint of 46 for cash basis NOI growth still puts us tracking for a 5%. So I think that you are going to see collectively as we proceed through the year, same store performance move closer to the midpoint and I think there is room to be on the upper end relative to those midpoints both on GAAP and cash.
Dean Shigenaga: Right. It was an original lease; there was a lease with an original lease end day in 2016. So, we have an opportunity to do an early renewal that started in the first quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: There was a very healthy mark-up on this space on a cash basis. And because it's, it's got a good term on it, as we get a GAAP benefit increases well with the annual steps.
Dean Shigenaga: Hopefully it doesn't surprise you because BHP had massive steps in their Bakken holdings as well this quarter. So,
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, it’s Dean here. I would say in my comments, what I would like everybody to remember is that we have tremendous EBITDA growth occurring in ‘14 and continuing into '15. And if you recall my prepared comments touching on the fact that trailing 12 net debt to adjusted EBITDA will continue over time to migrate lower at a lower leverage point over time. And this is going to be driven primarily by EBITDA growth. But in this year, we do have some projected land sales, which we feel very comfortable with and that will help as well. But the EBITDA growth continues beyond ‘14 and that's your primary driver of balance in it. And on a trailing 12 basis, you're going to see continued improvement in debt-to-EBITDA. So, we did have a spike on a current quarter annualize, but that has more to do with funding and relative timing.
Joel Marcus: As you know, we did that in a couple of submarket during later part of 12 and early part of 13. And so that program is done and we're really focused more on the land sale opportunities we have to use together obviously with bonds to invest in both redevelopment and development projects.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if I said a quarter or two ago, we would hope to have a JV in place, where we would be a majority partner, hopefully sometime late second or early third quarter and it would be focused on 50, 60 Binney properties on potentially on a 100 Binney. And because the opportunity is there on leasing or pretty sizable the dollar amount of building that project out approach $750 million so it's ideal for a JV opportunity where we can also earn fees and promote et cetera. So, that's haven't changed from the discussion we have maybe at Investor Day or thereafter.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think it’s -- probably the easiest way to think about it is that under the new contract, I’ll continue to as CEO of the company through December 31, 2016, beyond that the contract will be what it is, or it may change, I don’t know. But I’m focused on this quarter.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if you focus on kind of what we’ve said and how the supplement is presented and the press release, we haven’t changed our focus from these critical core urban science and technology clusters. I mean, if you walk into Mission Bay in our lobby, you’ve been there many times, you will see I think the moniker is Alexandria Science and Technology Mission Bay Campus. And so we have focused primarily on the life science industry, but as Steve said, it’s clear that the integration of information technology, engineering and other disciplines with life science continues unabated especially as we get into the digital healthcare age. And so these markets tend to melt together. So I think our focus won’t change, we’ll continue to focus on class A buildings, AAA locations urban campuses, innovation clusters.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I’ll let Steve comment on that and then I’ll come back to some other items on the acquisitions.
Joel Marcus: And our internal team and our external team have ongoing discussions with potential tenants. So that actually even to some extent began in a shadow fashion before we closed on the transaction. I think if you look at the acquisitions, both in San Diego and in Greater Boston, those have primarily been driven by either existing tenants or new tenants who have come to us needing real estate solutions where we couldn’t accommodate them with existing assets. So that as I said in my prepared remarks has driven some of the acquisition activity. And again it’s driven a lot by FDA approvals and the biotech sector being among many of the companies being pretty plush with cash and ready to do expansion, undertake expansion.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Let me say while Dean is giving some thought to that. If you look at our last two bond deals, both were 10 year. If entire likely we wouldn’t do a 10 year bond deal; we would look to latter maturities and we might have them maybe somewhat shorter and somewhat longer duration bonds as we are thinking about this.
Joel Marcus: Yes, let me say before Dean takes you through that. No, they aren’t all Binney. We’ve got about $35 million having nothing to do with Binney that’s in the forward part of the pipeline. And then Dean can give you some of the Binney stats.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so that means about 35 near term, you got another chunk for Binney and then a chunk that Dan just described that could in the [$50] million to $65 million range that’s kind of behind Binney. So we hope to accomplish those during 2014.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I noted in your note that you had indicated that we said it would be early in the year. I don't know that we said that precisely, I think what we said is we had modeled that as if it would be earlier in the year, which would be the most conservative approach to it. But we have always thought about opportunistically taking advantage of that. We wanted to see -- we wanted to get through the tax square payoff, we've looked at the secured debt market, because we now have a huge amount of unencumbered NOI over 80%. So, we've been busy looking at that market as well. And I think we still see an opportunistic chance to do what we want to do that maybe outside the 10 -- within the 10 and outside the 10. So, I think that comment was we modeled it early, but we never committed to do it day 1 of 2014. I don't think that was ever on our mind.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don’t want to comment on future market but I would say that our focus is not so much on University related transaction. We don’t think that’s where we want to keep our focus, I think, one, because the NIH budget is muted. That our experience along clearly would indicate that those budgets are more difficult to take operating monies for rental payments and we've never historically tried to tie our business to that factor. I think our focus has always been on the science and technology, urban cluster, innovation, locations and we want those to be near major urban centers, multiple centers, with [spawn] technology, which provides clinical trial opportunities, etcetera. I mean, New York is the paradigm example; Longwood is another great example; obviously UCSF. But we wouldn't just go to some random city and do a one-off deal with the University. That's not what we do. It would be an integrated campus made up of quite a number of participants in the ecosystem and that’s how we think about it. So if we do something in another location, it would be according to our strategic plan, not like a one-off deal.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think I specifically indicated in my comments Mike that we have frequent dialogues and meetings with Ariad obviously because they are the tenant in our development project at 75, 125. I don't have any news or update on their sub-leasing activities, as they say it’s the last [offer] they were interested in sub-leasing all over a portion of the smaller building and that’s as far as we know that they have had discussions with a number of parties on that. But there is no update that I have specifically.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think it’s -- you have to distinguish between somebody owning a building or two or three or whatever even a big building like the Vertex building at Seaport Center versus somebody who has fully integrated teams in the ground who’ve operated for 15 to 20 years and who have a kind of base second to none. So, I don’t think we get much worried about the competition. As Peter said, we think it is absolutely fine the cap rates are being driven lower because that gives us a chance to create value whether I think say Peter likes to say rather than buying somebody else’s value and that just happened, impacted us. We have great opportunities for growth, I mean we can literally double the size of the company on a square footage basis on the land we own we hope to monetize a lot of that in the near-term has been said and on board EBITDA, but it haven’t stopped our growth in the core urban innovation centers. So I think just a acquisition or purchase doesn’t make a life science real estate company that really can expand multiple markets.
Joel Marcus: Yes, it’s an existing tenant that house outgrown their space and asked us to find a specific solution for them. And so yes, it’s a retrofit.
Joel Marcus: Yes. We’re actually already are in discussions with potential tenant to take that building, so we are advancing that more than likely going to be a retrofit into a lot building from currently a specialized use.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And the reason that happened actually is this was a tenant that’s had some pretty great success recently. And they are nervous about the opportunities to expand in Cambridge or even maintain themselves and so they emerged and came to us to try to put this field together. So that’s the market dynamic there Michael but as you know from the tour you guys took in January.
Joel Marcus: Yes, Jeff, because we have, so this is one of the smallest yearly rollovers I think in the history of company. The answer is yes, but I don’t think we want to re-revise guidance here on this call, so we just stay tuned.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think you will see Michael and it’s a really good question and we have to think about this everyday obviously because our target debt to EBITDA as we said, we want to migrate not only from broadly the [6.5] but hopefully over coming years lower. We clearly we will see we hope a larger amount of land sales this year than even the guidance has provided and we clearly would look at low yielding assets as a possibility for asset sales. And so, we have said we aren’t going to raise common equity this year. So, I think that we expect the land sales to make up the majority of what we need to make sure we are in the target debt to EBITDA ranges.
Joel Marcus: Yes. And I don’t want to -- I want to be really careful because this is a public call but I think you will see over the coming quarter, the $15 million that we spent on the tons of acquisitions will be fully covered as an example by a sale of an asset that we haven’t commented about we are still negotiating but we believe we’ve got a good probability of success. So I think in a sense it’s a little bit of match funding.
Joel Marcus: Thank you very much. We managed to keep it within the hour. And I appreciate and look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call. Thanks everybody.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: No, I just, I thought it was relative to renewal that was schedule to expire not forgetting that was 16 that you brought forward because I was just thinking about the delta from what was already in guidance, but this is effectively a new lease that you have brought forward or renewal that you brought forward, we are able capture a significant amount of markup, but I was just trying to make sure that I understood the dynamics of what was in guidance versus now. Now I understood it.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: And do you a number, I mean is there a certain size that you are working with right now in terms of transactions and leasing? I know the leasing volume at least in the quarter was lighter than what the history has been.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Right. No, I -- and I understand that. But all that is to create EBITDA growth that you're pushing in selling the land and not [introducing] assets, all of that was known, right? What I'm just trying to think about is this quarter you've added a $100 million to your uses of capital. You're finding that 100 million irrespective of the EBITDA growth, irrespective of the land sales all of which was fully discussed at the Investor Day. Your funding the extra $100 million of capital spend with debt and all I was trying to think about is knowing the future uses of capital that will be on the [common], think about the San Francisco land use just bought, you’ll have a development. At what point in your mind has it triggered the need for either to sell more assets given how robust the market is; Peter has talked a lot about that on the call or the need to raise common equity which I know you have talked about not wanting to do? And so that’s and I am just trying to balance out a little bit.
