Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. You mentioned some build-to-suit activity that you’re still having discussions on – and then Cambridge and also in New York. I was wondering if you can give us an update on progress in New York in the potential West Tower there.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Got it. On the Toronto deals, can you give us a little bit more detail on things like the structure, how much capital do you have in the deal right now and sort of the commitment that the leasing commitment that exists, because there has been some press on that project and I just want to understand exactly–
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Got it. If I may have misunderstood or just missed this. But that building does come out of service then, is that the idea.
Joel Marcus: We don’t have any specific news to report, Tony. But I would say that given our fairly intensive marketing program that we put together and we’ve been organizing over the past month or two coupled with the legacy demand that we had on the East Tower of about 200,000 feet. I think we look pretty positively at the prospects in New York. We delivered first phase impact, I think, back in August to Lilly. And as I’ve said, we just signed our last lease for – last small piece of lab space just this past quarter that we’re now full other than, I think we’ve got through the four office, little spaces for lease up on the 15 floor. So I don’t have anything specifically to report today. But I think we’re optimistic that New York City is a good strong market with increasing rents and there – certainly there is a strong demand from a variety of sectors where there are no choices, people – a number of groups of entities – suburbs and not an alternative. So no interest in going to New Jersey or Connecticut or Long Island or wherever. And so Manhattan remains the destination of choice. On the Cambridge front, I think we’ve just digested our negotiation and kick up of the project with Biogen Idec. So we’ll keep you posted, but we do have at least two very interested parties in one or more of the other, we have four other buildings and we’ll keep the market posted over the coming quarters. But we think there is good momentum in Cambridge after an initial worry that while it was vertex somehow representing some macro pieces of everyone wants to now get out of Cambridge, but we all know that’s really not true and that was a unique situation based on this yield there and his desire to be on the waterfront and the legacy deal that they had pre-planned.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think that would be the minimum. We expect that would likely be higher. I would think, in Cambridge, in particular, my sense is it would be substantially north of that, because we’re likely looking at full or heavy substantial building users. New York, it’s hard to say, because we could certainly go forward if we had 200,000 square feet out of 400, because we think the market there has good demand. But we’re trying to be prudent of how we manage our spend and balance that against are – now being an investment grade company and all the metrics we need to pay attention to.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I want to be careful because we – we’re not now in the driver seat on the project. MaRS itself is the financing, the financing it’s been providing a 100% at extremely favorable rates by the provincial government. They’ve announced I think two significant institutional releases. I think it’s fair to say that the building is more or less substantially committed. We have, I think approximately $75 million into the project and as I said our structure is one of being essentially that of a – kind of think of it as a sub ground lesser with rates that are more or less in line with what that would hold. We will work with MaRS strategically on leasing and we will also work with them on the marketing side, but we don’t have any responsibility anymore for construction or we’re not responsible for the loan. So the result is actually a win-win for everybody.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, but keep in mind, in this scenario of numbers, while 250 will go to repay of term-loan, and the short answer of it will be, the remaining will to go to pay down or line of credit. We’re also in the midst of retiring 3.7% notes. And so that needs to be considered, there is a GAAP impact of 6% on those notes. So it’s a little more complicated than what you described, but if you just keep in it very simple, so I mean, half goes to term-loan, half goes to the line of credit. I fully agree with the math that you’re describing, that’s somewhat of – because in reality the LIBOR curve is moving as you look forward LIBOR is moving up and the impact in 2012 as an example won’t be as diluted as it will be for 2011.
Joel Marcus: At this moment I don’t have anything specific by way of type of or nature of tenant but as I said, we have had quite a good showings and quite a few a discussions including as I said life science clinical, medical offers and technology, I think over the coming quarter or so we’ll be able to give you a more granular view of that but I’d say, stay tuned so far, it’s really the only significant block of space around. So we think that if we go 1% vacancy in that market that’ll make things look pretty good. I’ll let Peter comment as well.
Joel Marcus: I guess may be just one more thing to add since those three items is another possibility with data exclusivity. There was talk from Washington to decrease the time that biologics are protected from data from their clinical packages. Currently, the Congress instead of holding that year level at 12 years to protect the data, but the White House and the Obama administration is pushing for lower seven years. I think that 12 years is the be optimal link, but if it were decreased, then I think that could impact incentives to invest in the biologic space although, I think we’re sort of optimistic that it won’t go to that seven year lower level.Sheila Keefe Mcgrath – Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Thank you.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I think as I said in the – in my kind of opening remarks, we certainly have moved to a position where we’d like to liquidate a number of land parcels in a variety of sub-markets, because number one, their non-income reducing; number two, they’re really not so much anymore core and in some cases, they were purchased with a different mindset pre-crash or at a time even earlier kind of a legacy asset, then I can think of a couple of that. But I want to be careful here for accounting purposes. So I think you’ll see some of that unfold over the coming quarters and I think even in the coming years, as we try to lighten up on any land parcels, which could that build sometimes also we’ve had acquisitions historically, which have come with adjacent parcels with FAR or we’ve gone out and got it entitled and we don’t view that – we didn’t make that acquisition really for that additional FAR and we see an ability to sell some of that off. We’ve got one situation in Maryland, we’re looking out today, where we might be able to monetize something where, we felt the building was right, but we didn’t necessarily need additional FAR. So we’ll look at opportunities like that and I think you’ll see us report actual sales that happened, we’ve done it in the past. And I think you’ll see that ramp up a bit. On the operating property level, we are looking clearly at a number of sub-markets in the number of building which have as the company really grew up we acquired. Now we don’t see them quite of (inaudible) and critical with company’s operations or locations. And I think you will key up sometime roots about it or one of the assets and look to recycle that capital. Clearly, recycling is very important to us as part of our sources that capital and so I think you’ll see us intensely focused on that. So hopefully that’s helpful.
Joel Marcus: We have few negotiations that are ongoing on land sides, the closest one. There is three specifically that one that – it’s further advanced is the one I mentioned earlier that will very likely close in the third quarter.
Joel Marcus: Overtime, it depends, I mean, we are likely to be building for U. S., big U. S. or European firms. We’ll announce probably over the coming quarter or so our prospect built-to-suit that we’ll be delivering for a big pharma there. So the space is pretty technical and the western standards. I think the land is much cheaper, building costs are somewhat cheaper, but obviously, the technical infrastructure has to be to international standards.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Joel Marcus: Okay. We thank you everybody. We’re little over an hour but thank you very, very much and we’ll talk to you on the third quarter call.
Peter Moglia: Yeah. Hi, Tony. It is Peter Moglia. There is a construction loans, it’s going to fully fund the remainder of the building. It’ll be in place for approximately 3 years until the building is completely stabilized. And then there is a commitment as well to permanently finance it out. So financing looks really good and there is no need for Alexandria capital to do anything further.
Peter Moglia: Yeah. That was, Tony, to be a specific that is – space is now all office, it’s occupied by the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and there relocating that office elsewhere, but the demand we’ve got 1%, vacancy in Seattle were 55% or more preleased on the future conversion of the Gates Foundation building. So we view this as actually a good thing to be able to have. If possible, we would lease it immediately for office, but we have a desire to potentially convert it to lab, because the rents are very strong in Seattle and in fact on the office side, as you may know, Amazon just increased I think their South Lake Union presence from 1 million to almost 2 million square feet. So that market has been on fire.
Peter Moglia: For sure, before we start running and I think the conversion time is probably 12 to 18 months. Because it’s like 200, it’s a big building and it’s complicated redevelopment. But we already have I would say advanced discussion for at least probably half the building or more, potentially even more on that, we might able to announce over the coming quarters that we are seeing demand to be extremely strong, and that from a lab side and we know there are a number of office users that could swoop-in potentially and trying to it all, which would accelerate it, but we’re primarily focused on, we’re actually up two big lab users who were deeply engaged with there.
Peter Moglia: Oh, yeah. First we’ll move out, it’s a kind of a couple of decades old office building that had always been targeted for redevelopment, when MIT owned the property, they were just going to update it much like 200. So, yeah, it will come out of service.
Peter Moglia: Thank you, I mean, you touched on basically, most of it, mission based, definitely gotten stronger, but South San Francisco gotten weaker and the Mid-peninsula and South San Francisco are pricing about the same level right now between $2 to $2.75, but Santiago is just been at the rock star of all our regions. At the downturn rents in point and ETC went from about $3 down to $2.25 to $2.50, there was one deal in – point that even went under $2, which was something that we haven’t seen since probably the starting of the company, but we’re looking at deals now all about $3 in those submarkets and the demand is strong in fact in one particular project that we are developing. We had two buildings, we had four tenants and so we had fine states were others elsewhere. Seattle rents had remained fairly stable there. The overall vacancy and then market has always been low and there has been a lot of growth because there hasn’t been a lot of growth in demand there, but rents have remained stable. Massachusetts remained fairly stable. We are not seeing too much decrease in demand or decrease in rental rates due to the vertex move out. That product is not available for now, I won’t be for quite a while, so pricing has been holding. As Joe mentioned, Maryland has been a weaker market, but I’d say that the rental rates are at the levels they have been at over the last three or four years. In certain instances, things are surprising a little bit lower than historical, but overall newer high-quality products still on the high 20, low 30s range and then North Carolina is a very stable market, not a lot of growth, but not a lot of decrease in demand either.
Peter Moglia: And hi, this is Peter Moglia. I just like to add that the way that this trends has been fluctuated, hasn’t been – like, hey we’re going to move this group out of features, we put them in to Seattle, because we want to have a presence in Seattle. It’s been done by acquiring companies in Seattle, and instead of taking the product back to the campus, actually keeping that company in place and growing it. Gilead was a perfect example, they were a 4, 000 square foot tenant of ours. Gilead purchased the company and we a build-a-suit form for a 110,000 square feet. So, it’s been a net positive in the growth of the industry. They’re not just taking people away and putting them somewhere, they’re purchasing the existing company that needs space and actually growing.
Peter Moglia: Yeah. It is internationally and one has also be aware, there is downsizing and rationalizing heavily in the U. S. and Europe and where those have been are really in the these remote campus or locations luckily we don’t have exposure to. You look at Michigan, Illinois, places in the UK, places in Austria, France, Italy and other locations. Our entire thesis has always been if you stay in the AAA cluster locations with adjacency, you’re going to be benefited by this reinvention and moment of the personalized medicine model and I think, that’s what’s been improve true. And so we just have to be careful that we manage our business prudently and be highly discipline in our site selections and that’s why we being very careful overseas.
Peter Moglia: You’ll see, in fact, although a small transaction in the third quarter some 20 million high teens. I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised that the price per foot that we’re going to see of on the parcel.
Peter Moglia: Yeah, correct. Just to be fair, we don’t have a list that we’re working from right now. We’re deepen in evaluation and see which assets may line with particular users owners other parties that may find use to the particular assets that we might consider. So I think as we go through the next few quarters, we’ll provide more color as those decisions are (inaudible).
Dean Shigenaga: 2012, we had one space in Seattle, I believe about 64,000 square feet, where the life science entities actually had a right to barley terminator a portion of their space which they did exercise. The good news is, we obviously were aware of it. Seattle is a very – market for Alexandria and our asset base there. And we are engaged in early discussions with every quality entity to take that space.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. It’s primarily from two projects, one in Hyderabad and another in the north of the country. And these are generally opportunities where we could either purchase land or we win a bid for land with the government that they come up from time-to-time and we don’t have a choice, and there are not high cost either, particular but they provide outstanding sub-market locations for our future development. And I would say that when they come up if we’re looking at a sub-market especially if the government is running an auction or a bid, you have to respond otherwise you lose that opportunity in perpetuity. So timing is one that we’ve not necessarily our choice in all cases.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think – in the prepared section of our call, we highlighted that our stand at least over the next six months and ages only about $34 million. I would expect that number is going to increase modestly in 2012. We’ll provide a better outlook over the next 12 to (inaudible).
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, I think our goal there (inaudible) is to really manage the amount of leasing risk, as well as the development dollars. But I think the ultimate governance is going to be per balance with not too much under construction at any given point in time, but on the development side in the U. S. just being real prudent about having significant and everything to date postcards in the U. S. that was initiated vertically by us, not purchased as a development to complete. But although vertical projects included in most recent one in Cambridge have been all pre-release in the Cambridge Biogen deal is the third – 100% clearly is projects. So I think you will see us manage the lease up risk and then manner and just selectively pursue the opportunities that manage through overall dollar investment.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure. I think that’s a great question. I’d say, the environment we’re in today I’d say substantially and radically different than ‘05, ‘06 and ‘07, when we looked at really the moving in a pretty dramatically, as far as focus to the internationalization of our business. I think it’s clear that is happening. The pharma companies are looking at 20% to 30% growth rates in many of the emerging markets. So we have to be aware and pay attention to that change. But I think when it comes more Micro, I think we’ve always looked at the Canadian market, for example, as a – it’s about 10% the size of the U. S. market. We always felt it’s a very good market, high-quality real estate, low cap rate, there is no 1031 transaction, tax deferral there. So not too many projects ever come to market, because of tax reasons. So we’ve tried to build in a measured by small presences in the greater Vancouver area, kind of the Montreal area and this was our run at Toronto. I think at the end of the day, this was probably a good result given where we are today after the crash and given that we are now investment grade. This was probably a very good result for us. If we go back to 2007, if we were to have the knowledge we have today, we might not have pursued some of the projects, I would say, in Canada or Europe. But I think our decision to go for Asia, it’s been a good decision and one that we think is important. We have really no balance sheet exposure in Scotland. We have essentially long-term options that the original cost of the Scottish enterprises there. So it something develops there, we always have that option. So we really have no exposure there, no further exposure to development or in Toronto, so that’s a good result although not necessarily intended in 2007. I think China is one thing that has been a big disappointment. We’ve got a first in class team there, we have first-class buildings but we’re suffering from some of the challenges of just the huge bureaucracy and the challenge of incentives and how they are built out in China. And so we’re working through that. I think we’ll be able to announce probably in the next quarter or two our first big pharma signing there. But it probably isn’t the market we can scale in very easily, fell as a result. We’ve really focused our efforts on India, we have more orders than we can take at the moment, which is a good thing we do have to pay a quick amount of attention to being very measured and prudent on the deals we do and our capital spend as an overall percentage of the company. But we do believe there is a huge opportunity there and so I think at the end of the day the way things have worked out really has been for the best. But if we’re to back and do it again we might do things differently, given the knowledge we have today if we had at then.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. I think you articulated the question and the methodology or the impact on our business very well Michael. If you use the numbers that you rattled off, I don’t have the exact math but using the numbers that you used in your question of $500 million at 5%, you have got $250 million term loan being repaid at almost 1% spread over one month LIBOR any incremental – the difference between that term-loan and the $500 million number you’re using in your example would go to repay outstanding borrowings on our line of credit at 2.4% over one month LIBOR. So there is a differential between those two interest rates LIBOR based rates with the spreads and the 5%. You’re correct that 50% of that, roughly speaking, and you could do the math, the capitalization of interest relative to the growth interest cost in any given period soften the impact of the higher cost of capital in the refinancing. The exact impact on weighted average interest rate for the interest capitalization calculation is highly dependent on the mix of fixed rate debt averaging somewhere in the 5% range on our balance sheet and floating rate debt at a much lower cost. And as that proportion of the mix of fixed to floating changes, as it will with the bond offering, that also drives the weighted average interest rate used for capitalization. So the interest rate change for capitalization is driven by the mix of fixed and floating proportionally as well as the transition of – from LIBOR based low cost variable rate debt to a – say five this range, fixed rate 10-year financing. So I hope I gave you – provided some color without actually giving you the actual interest rate, because I don’t have my model in front of me to tell you the exact incremental change on our weighted average interest rate.
Dean Shigenaga: Sheila, I just want to remind you that we, the way we under wrote this is that we want to get our first tenant in that until month 13 and then we are going to lease it up to over 24 months total. So, we are taking our time, we want to push ranks, we are coming out at a very high rental rate versus what we under wrote and we are going to be patient and try to accomplish that before we go ahead in lower – try to increase the velocity of the leasing.Sheila Keefe Mcgrath – Bruyette & Woods: Okay. I wonder there – a quick question on, I think we all saw the editorial, I think it was the CEO of Merc in the journal discussing about how the government shouldn’t put legislation that might block innovation of pharmaceutical companies and I am just wondering if you could highlight to us, legislative things in Washington right now that your tenants might kind of be watching closely.
Dean Shigenaga: I may have Amanda comment generally but I would say that there are 3 significant issues that may be more – the big one is the budget over all and any negative impact NIH et cetera so that’s clearly one. There is a bill which looks likely to pass in the patent area which would be moving our systems from a first-to-invent to first-to-file. That could be good or bad depending upon I think it go both ways. The world of technology likes, that the world of life science haven’t historically been used to it. But it’s not necessarily the worst thing in the world, you have to be careful about publication and then I think that is an attempt to – the whole FBIR granting as opposed to kind of these renewing year-to-year and that would be good too. But Amanda, you could comment a little more broadly.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. I would say and then will have Peter comment, I would say in Seattle, we see a very good, stable rent. We’re seeing, I think, we’re some of the phases we’re rolling and coming up. We see very positive. I think the overall impact of what’s going on in public union has been helping that. I think, we see as Peter mentioned, our ability to move North of where we performed a 350 rents there to somewhat higher rent and, yeah, more than we would have guessed before. South San Francisco is kind of a different story, I think we’re struggling, competing with second and third generation space and subleased space. I don’t see any momentum there and kind of an overhang in the market. I think we’re seeing very positive rent growth in Santiago and stay tuned over the next quarter or two for that. And I think first time in three or four years, maybe more that we are seeing it dramatically turnaround. I think Cambridge, we’re seeing again good strong rent and decent stability there. Maryland a bit on the weaker side. New York has been strong and North Carolina has been hanging in there. I don’t know.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, that’s actually a fairly great question we almost never get. And I think it probably is there’s two sides of the world. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks a lot of Big Pharmas are – and (inaudible) talked about this quite frequently, are exiting or substantially flaming down their core research function on the remote locations and suburban locations. Pfizer, for example is moving two big requirements out of Groton in the – into Cambridge. One landed at MIT, another is still out for market or out for site selection. Historically, they chose Groton, because it was a great place, it was on the water. So their fermentation capability was enhanced by that location, but they realized for decade, they can’t be as productive there as in the heart of – one of the innovation Centre. So you see Big Pharma moving pretty dramatically along those lines. That’s the reason we’ve been successful in New York and Mission Bay in particular. You see a number of other company and we’ll speak about this in the coming quarters, Peter will give some highlights than as well, moving out of current, I would say class B or C-space in the first class A-space upgrading at current rate, we see that going on pretty dramatically in San Diego. We thought it with AluminaI think, you’ll see it with a other number of entities. And I think, that’s something we’ve seen a bit in the Bay area. Bayers move to our Mission Bay also for clusters purposes. I think there are other companies that will move out of clusters I think because of attention to run rental rates, particularly small companies, they’re exiting Cambridge. We've seen that actually for a decade moving to the cheaper suburbs 128 or 495 on those being replaced by bigger, stronger companies. So I think you see some of that, so it’s kind of a mixture. I don’t know, Peter or Mandy you guys want to –
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think you’re seeing a rational evasion at big pharma, and you’re seeing an excess capacity both on people and then abilities that are now being re-deployed to these very high performance drug. They call them, at least some of the companies call them, drug performance unit, so moving out of big campuses in to very target tight clusters. So, I think New York is benefited, Cambridge is benefited, Mission Bay is benefited, in particular, we see some of that in Seattle, certainly a bit of than in San Diego. So I think, (inaudible) over the past many years has been, if we could have both land, redevelopment assets and just existing space in the best sub-markets that are adjacent to the great centers of innovation, the MIT, the Harvard, the University of Washington, the UCSF, the UCSB et cetera, Duke, North Carolina et cetera, we’re going to be more likely to be benefited than if we have less quality locations. And I think, that’s been dramatic. So that’s why over a period of years, we try to essentially dominate as best we could, the submarkets that we’ve chosen. And I think we’ve made calls, South Lake Union, and East Lake Union in Seattle, Mission Bay in San Francisco Torrey Pines and UPC in San Diego, Cambridge. So, that’s how we’ve tried to position the company. And now thinking of international growth, we clearly see Asia has been an important factor, we’ve made kind of a bigger bet on India than we have on China at the moment. Although we think China will work out, it’s just the ability to scale in China is tough and it takes a particularly long time given a whole range of issues. But I think over time, and over the coming decade, I think you’ll see other countries in emerging Asia, which will provide good growth. But – so I think it’s really a redistribution of resources among mainly the participants in the life science industry.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. It sounds like the industry is just growing and expanding, maybe as a result partially of the recession of the down cycle, but also just try to – again manage and refocus space things.
