Joel Marcus: Thank you, Paul, and welcome, everybody, today. With me, as usual, Jenna Foger, Steve Richardson, Peter Moglia and Dean Shigenaga. Want to welcome everybody and extend our thoughts and prayers to each one of you to continue to be well safe and state COVID free. Just over one year ago, January 21, 2020, the United States had its first reported case of COVID-19 in Seattle. And just today, a little more than a year later, we have lost more than 443,000 Americans, a number that is actually quite astounding to imagine. And that does not even count the number of - the millions, probably tens of millions of Americans who have suffered really irreparable personal, mental and financial arm due to the worldwide pandemic. President Roosevelt on Pearl Harbor Day referred to that day as a day that would live in infamy. And I think we will all feel that 2020 is a year that will live in infamy in all of our memories. Talking about the pandemic, there is much work to do to control the virus’ spread. We need to enhance manufacturing supply chains as well as a big effort on distribution, administration of the vaccines as well as continued testing. And we, as a country, I think, for decades, have been ill prepared and behind the curve to respond to a true worldwide and kind of a 100-year pandemic, I think our readiness just has not been there, unfortunately. Much work to do to rebuild businesses and lives so devastatingly impacted. And I would say it is going to take a good part of this decade to do that for many people who’ve been really so devastated. We still have not discovered the root cause of the virus, natural or human made or brought those responsible to an accounting. We at Alexandria at the Vanguard, the heart of the life science industry, are honored, proud and yet humbled to serve this mission-critical industry, which has been on the forefront, 24/7, really as the savior of human kind in this pandemic. It really doesn’t get more important or impactful than that truly. There are two primary causes behind the COVID vaccines rescue of humanity from this pandemic, I firmly believe. The first one is our free market system here in the United States, the economic system that facilitated the innovation, competition and cooperation between our biotech and pharma industries and government, that literally doesn’t happen in other countries around the world. There would likely be no multiple COVID vaccines today that they are not being venture capitalist prepared to invest before product or profit was really visible and no corporate leadership would be willing to double down other than those in our country with the company’s own money in the spring of 2020 to fund a crash effort to produce a safe and affected vaccine by year-end, really truly unheard of.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I don’t think you - people ask about that all the time about when we acquire something or become involved in a transaction. We never know what is - and I’m sure Blackstone has the same feeling. You never know until a - like the University Park assets came forward when or if that will ever happen. So I don’t think you can make any general assumptions about things like that. I think they’re very opportunistic, and they’re very dependent upon the time play space. So I wouldn’t take anything, read anything into it or out of it. All - every one of these is just quite unique on their own.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So we don’t fully know what the health side of the administration is going to look like. We have some indication. But I would say it is too early to tell. I think, though, that when it comes to the enormous substrate, which exists in the NIH and in much of the funding that goes on at really the basic research level. That has remained, I think, very favorably bipartisan for decades now. And I don’t think there will be any change in the increase-- the rate of increase with respect to that. I think the biggest worry would be a knee-jerk reaction by some to raise corporate taxes to try to somewhat either address deficits or just because it seems fair. But the challenge with that and policymakers and lawmakers should really know better and understand that plants can revert back to Ireland or more favorable tax havens and cash can go overseas if the incentives aren’t made to do those things in America. So I hope that people take a long-term view of that. But at the moment, I think, by and large, it looks, I would say, favorable but still too early to tell.
Joel Marcus: Well, we do, and we have done that from time to time. So the answer is, I’m sure we will review that almost real-time and certainly consider that for sure.
Joel Marcus: You have revealed the office playbook because when you have a generic commodity product, that is true. But I think as Peter indicated or Steve, when you have a mission-critical project, much like the Waples in Sorrento Mesa with Cue Health, you don’t just turn it over to the cheapest guy on the Street or the one who maybe has something available. It is much more careful than that. Office space, that is true. But when you have critical R&D and critical next-gen manufacturing, that just doesn’t happen that way.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think maybe two things, Rich. One is, I think, COVID and pandemic virus, we have been through a number of mini ones over the years. But certainly, this is one of the biggest ones we have ever seen in our lifetime, different than HIV aids, which we did turn into a chronic condition. So I think and Jenna said, it will be with us for a long, long time, and there will be continual efforts not only on the vaccine side and the booster side, the testing side, this testing is going to be critical going forward, and then obviously, on the therapy side because if you can take a quick - if you can have access to therapy that is maybe not infusible, but 1 that is a pill like, just as you get a sour throat, you get a fever, that would be a whole lot better than trying to - or being very sick and looking for an infusion site. So there is a lot to do there. And I do think COVID will be a continuous business and these companies will be very busy. But I think one of the things about Moderna, in particular, we have bought into the mRNA revolution back almost a decade ago when Moderna was founded. And I think today, if you just separate out the COVID-19 stuff, Moderna represents really one of the most impressive and important platforms for many different - to address many different illnesses. Imagine if the body could replicate erythropoietin, so you didn’t need to have constant external injections, et cetera, where the body itself could address different - or insulin where you could do it by regulation in a sense. So the opportunity is pretty big, and that is what we have looked at when we look at companies like Moderna, and there are obviously many more that have enormously big technology platforms. It is not simply a one product company.
Joel Marcus: Yes, your recollection is correct. We dipped our toe into the Longwood Medical Area, and it turns out, it is a pretty institutional area and one that is not a really vibrant one at night. But I think what’s happened in Fenway, and certainly, our partner has been at the forefront of that is it is - they have really created a 24/7 live, work, play environment. Certainly, the park itself has been a major part of that. So I think it is a totally different submarket and a totally different feeling. So I think we have no qualms at all about the future there.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we don’t know precisely, but I think sometime over the next 6 months, part of it is diligence and part of it, as you know, the city has gone through quite a shock over the last probably since, what, late May. Triggered by the death of George Floyd and has had its share of tumult. And obviously, the city - both the Mayor and the counsel have been fighting. Obviously, there was a defund police effort going on there. So I think part of the effort is, hopefully, for the city, I think there is a Mayor election coming up, I think, maybe later this year to get back into a more normal environment. We hope that is true. And this, certainly, I think you will see activity on this over the next six months. But I think Seattle, certainly, South Lake Union remains a very safe and really good area. Seattle’s got a strong, obviously, on the technology side anchored by the likes of Amazon and Microsoft across the water and the big Facebook and Google and the big things are up there other than Netflix different way. So I think that is been all positive. The life science industry, as you know, Peter, I think, talked about our pricing on the partial interest sale we made in a couple of assets. Seattle has attracted a lot of institutional money and the life science industry certainly is growing well, anchored by the Fred Hutch and the University of Washington. So it is a pretty positive outlook there.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I don’t want to get into too much there at the moment because nothing has been formally announced. But one thing that has been announced that you have seen in a lot of the papers is the next-gen innovation technologies and manufacturing consortium with ourselves, Fujifilm, MIT, Harvard have selected that site as the home of this enterprise. And then there are a host of other, I would say, advanced technology companies, life science companies and other things that have sought that location as being, I think, very proximate to Cambridge and transportation being easier to deal with than some of the other submarkets that are, I think, harder to get in and out. Alewife is a good example. We stayed out of Alewife because we believe that transportation in and transportation out have been super problematic. And so that is been one of the challenges that when we have looked at acquisitions in that submarket, they have kind of confounded us to figure out how we can solve the transportation problem, but Watertown is, I think, in much better shape. So I would say stay tuned.
Joel Marcus: No closing remarks other than to wish everybody be safe, be healthy and COVID-free, and we look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call. Thank you again, everybody.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you, Jenna. A tremendous deep dive. Good afternoon, everyone. A clear insured vision fused with undaunted determination during 2020 from the Alexandria team has enabled the company to thrive during this unprecedented and challenging time. At a high level, consider the truly exceptional growth during the past 12 months. The operating platform has grown from 26.9 million square feet to 31.8 million square feet, an increase of 18%. The redevelopment pipeline has grown from 12.1 million square feet to 17.8 million square feet, an increase of 47%. And it is important to note that this development pipeline has been smartly derisked with 45% of this value in significantly pre-leased projects well underway, 40% in covered land plays and just 15% of this value in land. The total Alexandria Real Estate platform then have grown during 2020 from 39 million square feet to 49.7 million square feet, an increase of 27%, a truly remarkable achievement. The Company’s leadership and central role in the nation’s life science ecosystem is clearly evident in only increasing in each of our core clusters. The year 2020 demanded the very best from our teams, from operational excellence to the vision and execution of critical strategic growth initiatives. Alexandria is pleased to prevent its outperformance highlights for Q4 and 2020. Operational excellence. The company collected 99.8% of its accounts receivable during COVID from April 1 through December 31, 2020, and we are at 99.6% for the month of January. Alexandria’s labs were deemed essential infrastructure and have been operational from day 1 in the pandemic. Leasing outperformance. During Q4, we leased approximately 1.4 million square feet and a total of 4.35 million square feet during 2020, which is meaningfully above our 10-year average of 4 million square feet and consistent with our 5-year average of 4.4 million square feet. The current and near-term development pipeline is 78% leaser negotiating, a significant metric when 1 considers the active pipeline is now at 4.8 million square feet, up from 4.1 million square feet just three months ago at the end of Q3. An exceptionally strong core. I want to pause for a moment and underscore that during the challenging time, we achieved the highest annual rental rate increases during the past 10-years with cash increases of 18.3% and GAAP increases of 37.6%. The fourth quarter was also strong with cash increases of 10.7% and GAAP increases of 29.8%. We are honored to work with the most innovative life science companies in the world and believe these metrics further validate the value we are providing to the life science ecosystem. Solid occupancy. We are at 94.6% across 31.8 million square feet in the operating portfolio. And again, context is important here as we have increased the operating portfolio from 26.9 million square feet, as mentioned before, providing strategic embedded growth opportunities through lease-up of available suites in the coming quarters. I just want to emphasize this last point, as the recent acquisitions provide very near-term increases in cash flows and strategic expansion of our tenant base. Market health. Demand continues to be broad-based across our innovation clusters as each of the markets have made meaningful contributions to the company’s overall growth during 2020 and Alexandria continues to capture a dominant market share in each of these clusters. We have discussed potential supply in our core clusters the past several quarters. And as we highlighted during our Investor Day, the conversion of generic office product into mission-critical Class A laboratory facilities is brought with significant fault insufficient clear heights and live loads, compromise hazardous material storage areas, dysfunctional shipping and receiving areas, impaired HVAC capabilities and performance, amongst others. We continue to monitor all potential supply closely, but do not see significant high-quality Class A products being delivered during the near-term in our markets. Also a note on the San Francisco Bay Area as this has been a focus in the press. As we have stated, the life science market continues to be very healthy with low single-digit vacancy of 3.4% and demand of 2.6 million square feet, enabling Alexandria to successfully lease-up our Haskins and 825, 835 project at increasing rental rates, all while the city of San Francisco’s tech office sector is struggling with direct vacancy now at 12.4%, above the 15-year average of 8% and sublease space pushing the availability rate to 20.2%. In conclusion, year 2020 accelerated Alexandria’s leadership role in the life science ecosystem. Our team is energized and enthusiastic to continue our partnership with world-class enterprises and the fight against COVID-19 and in the broader mission of building the future of life-changing innovation. With that, I will hand it off to Peter.
Stephen Richardson: Hi, Jamie, it is Steve. Yes, that was really driven. We had two opportunities in core markets with two very exciting tenants to refresh buildings that were 15 to 20 years old. So we go - we went ahead and did that. The incremental yield was exceptionally strong, well into the double-digits. So when we see opportunities like that, we are going to move. So if you excluded those, I think we were in much more of a normal range. But it was opportunistic to go ahead and refresh buildings, secure great tenants. And have exceptionally strong yields as well on the incremental capital.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. Hi, Michael, it is Steve. No, you are right. We were monitoring South San Francisco closely with combination of Kilroy, PEAK and Blackstone at the time. And those projects have all been substantially leased. And look, we track literally building by building, parcel by parcel in each of our markets very closely, and we just don’t see a lot of new Class A high-quality product being delivered. There has been a lot in the press about conversions. And I think at Investor Day, we kind of went through that chapter inverse, and I highlighted it in the comments today, so we stay very vigilant in our analysis of that. But at the current time, we just don’t see significant supply disruptions happening in the market.
