Joel Marcus: I’ll have Steve comment. One item that might take exception to that general rule is 300 Tech Square that Dean alluded to. That’s a building that we did not fully we did not go and re-habit like we did 200 and 400, because it was in very good shape when we bought it. But we bought it in ‘06 and MIT had recruited a number of companies there that at the time we did not necessarily viewed as long-term tenants. So we’ve thought as they’ve rolled out other leases not to renew or to seek to retain them and looking to aggressively back fill that space with new tenants.  So I think our goal is given our 48% of ABR being investment grade, really where we see opportunities in core, infill locations, where we can replace I would say less creditworthy tenants with more creditworthy tenants, but I’ll leave it to Steve to give you color, generally speaking.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think in China we have had some success although not at great yields in South China and in North China we are still working hard to complete that project and lease that up.  Our goal in China over time will be to obviously look at finding someone who can come in potentially and help us potentially take the burden of those properties from us, so that’s something longer or medium term we’re looking at and I think the India operations, we had good success this quarter, a reasonable success on leasing and as I said previously, we are looking at trying to bring in a third party to help us finance those operations, because I think the real key message and you kind of got it from Dean, Dean took the time to go through a very detailed fashion category-by-category.  We have more opportunities here in the U.S. than we actually have sources of funding for and so even though that has jumped a bit from this year to next year, we’ve got a full platter for investment here in the U.S. on redevelopment and development. So I think that’s a good sign. So we are looking to kind of shift some of the burden of overseas investment to third-party and hopefully over the coming months and quarter or two, I’ll have more detailed news on that.
Joel Marcus: Sure. We really do have the breadth of interest there. Technology companies are looking very closely at the cluster there. Very impressed by the facility; the ability to expand as well as the Soma market gets tighter and tighter large blocks of space are becoming a little more precious. So that certainly a set of discussions we are having with various people on the tech side.  Then the life science side as well, early discussions with groups looking to anchor the building and got a couple of very intriguing opportunities that I had mentioned, kind of innovative, public-private types of institutions, working together in collaboration on solving some very big challenges in the life science world. So we do have what I would characterize as a series of discussions and in some cases warm discussions going on.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So one of the challenges there is because this is a heavily institutional market, by its nature, it moves more slowly than a more dynamic market like a Cambridge or a Palo Alto. That’s just the nature unfortunately of that submarket, so we just have to be patient. But I think as Steve said, we view the backend to be a good one if we can get a high quality set of tenant, the sort of tenants with solid rental rates I think we’ll have a cap rate there. If we ever choose to accept that would be phenomenally attractive.
Joel Marcus: Maybe to give you a better fix on that, I think Dean’s commentary on the free cash flow would be somewhere about $100 million plus. Land sales and recycled assets we’ll have to give you more detail at a granular level on December 5 and I think when it comes to the ATM program, probably if you think in the 250 range, that’s probably where we’d be thinking about for 2013, if that’s helpful.
Joel Marcus: Not necessarily. I think on the big construction project in the Binney Corridor we would be looking at a large construction loan and mini perm takeout at about 100%. So that will cover a pretty sizeable chunk of that funding requirement. I don’t think we’ll be joint venturing anything, at least domestically in the U.S. of size in 2013 at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think having Roche there and the decision was made, the visit was made and the decision made by the CEO. He actually wanted to know when our next building; beyond that we have an option on the Northern Parcel, when that might be ready. So, I think that’s initial commitment from their translational clinical group, but it is what it is at the moment.  We feel very good that we have two relationships with biotech companies that we believe have a very high probability. We’re actually in negotiations with each one on additional space, that could be as much as half a floor to floor piece and then we have a current tenant whose business has a milestone in the fourth quarter, and if that’s reached, they’ve requested and we’ve started to work a proposal out between us for two floors, plus we’ve got a very, very strong set of active showings to a range of different parties.  So I think we’ll end up probably over the next couple of quarters, I’m pretty confident probably in the 40% range, so that gives us confident. We own the steel, we own the curtain, while we only have to go vertical and I think that gives us confidence, it made sense to kick off that project. It’s also a time in New York where there is less construction going on. So the ability to buy out contracts and trades with the trades is somewhat more favorable.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So I’ll let Steve address that question, but let me make a preliminary remark. I guess what we’ve seen in Cambridge over the last couple of months is a number of companies and this has happened in the San Francisco Bay Area to some extent as well. We call kind of the second generation of companies that are now commercializing in products, fairly large market caps, relative to the biotech industry as a whole.  They will move to significant cash flowing entities and they need substantial space and that’s really independent of the macroeconomic environment that’s because of product approval. So we’re seeing I think reasonable demand in Cambridge from those groups.  I think when it comes to pharma, we know that Pfizer has made significant inroads in their work. MIT is doing a built-to-suit. We know they’re looking potentially for more space. It’s rumored that Santa Fe and maybe another one or two are looking at Cambridge for moving some additional research units there, plus there’s a strong continuing evolution of early to mid-stage companies.  That’s the one market we see that in a pretty dramatic fashion. Not so much anywhere else. The Bay area to some extent, but other markets not so much. So Steve can give you a highlight on Tech and maybe his observations as well.
Joel Marcus: Yes, well I think we’ll probably be able to give you a chapter and verse come December 5, but maybe broadly on the disposition market and I’ll ask Steve to comment, because he’s pretty deeply involved in that. But I think when it comes to one set of dispositions, they really were generated in a suburban location by a user that really approached us saying, now is a great time.  We had targeted this for disposition. We can’t really say much about the details yet, because it’s still in contract process, but that’s a good example where our desire and their immediate need kind of collided in a positive fashion.  In another situation, we see that there is a need to really move the product into a broader product type in another location and there we thought not really are our cup of tea, so we looked for a buyer who had both the skill expertise and the ability to put in additional capital and look at that really interesting different product types, so that kind of met time and circumstance, which was very beneficial I think.  When Dean gave guidance last year at Investor Day for $112 million of asset sales this year, I think we’ll clearly see that number very comfortably. But I think we were taking our time, because this is a product type that is not necessarily common to lots of buyers out there as far as basic knowledge, but I think we’ve seen a good reception, and I think we’ve got some good targets for the coming year, but Steve you can give your commentary.
Joel Marcus: Well, that’s always a question of the hour, but I think that certainly based on what we have talked about from the last Investor Day and I think you certainly have represented one of the views there that has been important in our thinking.  As we wanted to develop a run rate visibility, a earnings guidance visibility and I think a mode of operating that is not so much in and out all the time that there is a consistency and a predictability to it; so that’s one of the reasons we’ve thought to try to be pretty careful and pretty methodical and pretty logical about what we’ve done this year and in the next year. I think you’ll see construction spend will start to tail off significantly in 2014.  I think the agencies are pretty flexible frankly, as long as we are moving in the direction. I think we’ll be held in good stead. I think Dean and I recently looked at leverage numbers of a lot of the REITs and it was actually surprising to me that a lot of them are actually operating at pretty good – when I say good, higher leverage levels than I would have actually even guessed.  But I think we are pretty comfortable where we are. I think we might decide at some point, if something came out of the woodwork that we could accretively match that isn’t part of our program today, I think we would do that. But I think we are comfortable. We are almost down to seven. I think we’ll be right at seven or so next year, very close and I think as we see getting into 2014, we can easily gravitate I think into the 6.5, with the huge major on boarding of projects.  I don’t know that we need to go out and create a radically dilutive, $0.25 dilutive event, when we think from the sources we’ve described and we can get there in a logical way. That’s kind of how our thinking is, but others may have different views.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I don’t think so. I think again and remember too that we got kind of a cushion as Dean described it; future development projects in one or more of the buckets, so we tried to be conservative with some cushion in the 2013 numbers and I think 2014, I think really looking forward, the only really big project we would have would be Binney. I don’t see us doing anymore large scale projects in the very near future.  I think we see there’s some interesting opportunities potentially for selective redevelopments, buying, locations maybe with them, stabilized income we could convert as opposed to large scale development, so I think we see that as probably more the business model matrix for 2014. So I think we’re pretty comfortable on this glide path where we think it’s working pretty well.  We had a lot of feedback from Investor Day last year and certainly over the past couple of years and so we thought to try to again minimize that equity dilution. I think Dean and his team have done a fabulous job this year of managing it and I think he’s given you and will give you great granular detail on December 5, but if you look at what we’ve got next year, we think it’s a manageable number. And obviously if we can get our NOI run rate up and our earnings projections going into ‘14 to look at nice reasonable growth in a no-growth environment, we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Joel Marcus: Yes, well I think on 499, I think our view is actually -- we try to provide and we are still as Dean mentioned, we are still sticking with our yield projection, but at the lower end, so I think what that shows is we still feel like we put adequate cushion into that lease up. We never thought it would be simple day one, but we thought that with the hospital’s momentum it would go faster than it actually has, it kind of sucks that it didn’t. But I don’t think we’ve changed our view that as Steve said its high quality and that will be successful.  The street will judge us by not what we say, but obviously by what happens, but I feel pretty good about New York. I think Roche has been a big plus. We’ve got some pretty great current tenant interest. One tenant is step forward. We know that there is one or two others that are in discussions internally about expansion space that could even be as many as three current tenants, which would be pretty amazing, but we’ve got two biotech companies that have high probabilities. We are in negotiation, specific dollars and provision negotiation, and then we’ve got pretty active showings with a whole range of…  I did a trip last week to the headquarters of one major company. They are very interested. Don’t know where they’ll end up, but my personal view is they’ll come to New York. So we see a lot of activity, but again, we only want to be judged by how we succeed, not what we say, but we feel comfortable pulling the trigger on that incremental spend, because we own, as I say we own this deal, the curtail wall. We just go vertical and we think it’s a good time in New York to do that and that’s been another reason we felt pretty comfortable with that.  So I guess my level of confidence is pretty solid. Time will tell I mean if we did build the East Tower through the Lehman fiasco and the cliff of almost disaster before TARP kind of came on and so forth. So we managed to get through that and had a firm delivery date to full lease up. It took a year, which was faster, two years faster than we had gathered.  So, I don’t know it’s a hunch, it’s an instinct, it’s a heal based on all the people we are talking to and I hope we are right and if we are wrong, then we’ll get on the Street, we’ll make that judgment, but we feel pretty good about it. I think having Roche as the anchor has been a huge plus from the quality and the efforts they are going to put forth in New York. So I think if we had no anchor, we never would have pulled this off.
Joel Marcus: Just to say thank you. We’ll talk in February, and again, stay safe over the next day or two. Thanks everybody.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, I think when you start looking at the specific markets and where we are going to have product available, Greater Boston is really concentrated in the urban core area. The Bay area market will be in that Stanford, Palo Alto cluster. I think we are actually okay generally in Maryland. So we are going to be in places where either the retention rate will be consistent with what we’ve experienced in the past or as Joel just alluded to, we may have a chance to backfill with higher quality tenants.
Stephen Richardson: Yes, I think if space has turned, just remember small and medium size spaces, generally released for shorter to medium term where you have larger blocks of space, those tend to renew for longer term. It’s just kind of the way it is and so I think we feel comfortable and as we migrate more space from suburban to urban, that I think can only help us. 
Stephen Richardson: Yes, just to add to that Steve, I mean I think if you look at 400 Tech Square and the leasing that was done in the last quarter, that’s pretty indicative of looking forward and you had Aramco lease a chunk of space. They absolutely wanted to be in this location, they were supporting MIT’s energy fund initiative, so you’ve got a classic case of a company having to be adjacent to these types of institutions, you couldn’t get a better credit profile than that type of company.  And then you have Warp Drive, early stage company, very exciting technology, great venture backers and again, wanting and needing to be in this type of location and we do actually have discussions and tours with a couple of technology companies as well. So similar to San Francisco, we do see that Cambridge has the mix of both tech and life sciences and we are experiencing that interest first hand.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. Similarly in South San Francisco with the Onyx build-to-suit that will be nearing completion I think in Q1 next year, a couple of companies that are doing very well. The anchor tenant in the 409 Illinois building, FibroGen is advancing their science as well. They just had an orphan drug approval. So we are just very, very encouraged by that.
Stephen Richardson: Not in the near term Steve. Those are probably a good 30 months away in general and then Transbay is at least three to five years before that’s going to ultimately be delivered and occupied. I don’t necessarily see traditional tech companies considering more of a conservative traditional 60, 70 story tower type of facility. So at first Transbay, I don’t see that being competition. I think it’s just different location, different product type.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. So there’s probably two buckets to think about in terms of dispositions. The first would be the land, and as we looked at the land sales, those were in high quality locations and really a reuse of the property in terms of zoning was able to be effectuated. So you had property that we had looked to be lab product over time, ultimately be viable for residential. In another case, I didn’t require a land use change, but the technology sector was stronger in that area, so that viability enabled us to move forward in the land side.  On the existing assets, I think it’s important to note, and Joel mentioned it, again these assets are legacy assets, 10 or 15 years ago. That’s where the industry was located in some cases and as they’ve migrated away, we have a choice to make. Do we invest additional capital, does the product type maybe get a little bit afar from our core competencies and is it really a long-term strategic asset, and at that decision-making point, the ability to raise capital and deploy it to our urban locations rather than the former scenario was again one we just thought made good sense.
Dean Shigenaga: Philip, it’s Dean here. I would say that the renewed and released spaces typically average somewhere between five and seven years, historically, if you go back five or seven years. And so I think that 4.8 year statistic for the three months or 4.6 for the nine months is right down where it’s been historically and the development and redeveloped space traditionally is closer to 10 years. So I think the statistics for a lease term is right in line there as well.
Dean Shigenaga: It’s actually two primary items Mike; partly the delivery of 10300 Campus Pointe and 4755 Nexus, which I described in my commentary. And then as we all know we’ve been preparing for that significant increase in NOI, primarily driven by the delivery of our value-added projects in the fourth quarter. I think my commentary described the growth in NOI in the fourth quarter.  So that NOI is offset by the shutdown of capitalization as we deliver those projects, so it’s really being driven by that, offset slightly by an increase in overall CIP from the spend that will occur in the fourth quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: Actually Quentin, that’s a fair question I think as we had discussed in the prepared commentary, our plan is to provide all that granular detail on December 5 at our Investor Day, but hopefully we hope to provide some sense of funding by the major buckets.  We are obviously at a cash flow perspective today from operations that allows us to reinvest into our business at about $80 million in 2012, and I would expect that number to increase. The mix of asset sales, whether its land, operating assets and proceeds from the ATM program will be a little bit different than what it was in 2012, but it’s safe to say that we are going to continue to monetize some land parcels and also monetize some income producing assets.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Well, I think the key is to share. The increase in cash flow is not just suddenly move it obviously all to a dividend category, because clearly it’s the cheapest form of capital that we have. But I think if you look at this past year or so, what we’ve tried to do at the board level is kind of restore a predictable stepwise increase in the dividend.  Again ensuring future cash or ensuring on-boarding of cash flows and I think that’s probably a similar run rate you’ll see, and that still leaves us with at least about $100 million free cash flows for the coming year. Beyond that in 2014, don’t know, but I think that the board’s discussion for 2013.
Dean Shigenaga: Probably somewhere in – I don’t know that I’ve looked at it instantly, but I would say somewhere in the 5% to 10% range.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Well, I’m just curious, because you mentioned 2014 of construction spending coming down, but then when you start to layer in, the Binney Street project and the eventuality of the North Tower, if the West Tower is indeed successful and being…
Michael Bilerman - Citi: No, but it would seem as though there is enough in the hopper to have another $600 million of spend. You talked a lot on this call about redevelopments going into land inventory. So it doesn’t seem like that figure is going, $600 million, each of the last two years is going down significantly. It seems that that’s going to be a consistent pace in terms of…
Michael Bilerman - Citi: That’s very helpful. Joel, you talked a little bit about the dividend in your opening commentary, about seeing what would be a solid increase. I guess how should we think about that level and then also, how would it impact free cash flow? I think Dean had talked about $100 million of free cash flow as a source of equity for deleveraging into fund, the development since next year.
