Joel Marcus: Thank you, Paula, and welcome everybody to the third quarter call for Alexandria. And with me today are Steve Richardson, Peter Moglia, Dean Shigenaga, Dan Ryan. The third quarter was an outstanding quarter by almost every financial and operating metric and particularly core operating metrics that were really stellar and Dean will talk more about that. My congratulations to our entire Alexandria family and for each person’s day-to-day, day in and day out operational excellence, which is what really makes it all happen. And also congratulations to the world-class accounting and finance team on their many years of hard work, resulting in our recent credit upgrade from Moody's, something very important. And Moody’s does focus on tenant quality and at Alexandria, it's one of our strongest characteristics of the Company. As you know from the earnings release, 52% of our annual rental revenue is from investment grade or large cap public companies. We are very proud that 79%, almost 80% of that revenue is from Class A assets in AAA locations, and about 60% of that is focused in Cambridge in San Francisco. Average lease term is about 8.6 years and 12.3 for top 20 tenants. So really a very strong and stellar core to the tenant base. I want to just make a couple of comments on the industry for the quarter. Venture funding in life science continued at very strong pace over $7 billion in the third quarter, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of over $5 billion invested. And this is really a record breaking trend driven by increase in deal size and well established venture firms raising larger funds and deploying capital at a faster pace. Something else that I think we are very fortunate, we had our 47th new drug approved on October 24, this year and the FDA has surpassed last year's 46th drug approval count and could be on pace to beat the all time record of 53 set in 1996. Strong bipartisan support resulted in legislation enacted to increase the National Institutes of Health. Overall funding, $2 billion to approximately $39.1 billion and we are very fortunate about that. I think that is one of the critical competitive advantages of the United States in the world of biomedical research. We did have very strong legislation, bipartisan legislation passed to address the opioid crisis signed in a law by the President, in the recent past. And certainly the opioid crisis has been a scourge resulting in the death of over 64,000 people last year greater than those died in the entire Vietnam War, which is actually hard to fathom. And so all of us in the industry and particularly ourselves are focused on specific things we can do to advance that project forward and we'll give you more details on that in coming quarters. Biotech IPO activity has been the strongest since 2014, approaching 50 certainly over the next couple of weeks and raising almost $5 billion during the first nine months. The NASDAQ biotech index has been down a bit recently due to the volatility this month with the markets as all of you know and we've seen certainly a flight of value and big cap safety. And I think with that, I'm going to turn it over to Steve to comment on a number of operational aspects, then Peter and then back.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think the answer to that is, no. We'll do it when we complete the transaction. And I think Dean can talk about the capital raising. We've always tried to think about multiple sources. And so this is one key source that we're growing up on at this point.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if you look at our press release of October 18, we really tried to give a picture of our strategy in New York City, which is continuing to expand the current campus at the Alexandria Center by the North Tower, looking at upsizing that a bit. Our acquisition of one of the Pfizer buildings on East 42nd and the acquisition in Long Island City really fits well with that. There is a ferry from Long Island City right to the East Side Medical Corridor. So I would view these as almost all of the same overall East Side Medical Corridor effort. And I think as I said many quarters ago, we do view New York in a positive fashion, although it's fundamentally different than other markets. It doesn't have an established – there are no waiting line of tenants. It isn't an established market where large companies are likely to move. You have to recruit individual units of larger companies and it's a much earlier stage efforts. So I think our footprint and our pipeline that we've announced really recognized those underlying factors. Each market is truly vastly different than the other and you can't treat them at all alike.
Joel Marcus: And certainly – hey Sheila, it’s Joel. There has been a strong IPO market this year, so some of that's reflected in there. And I think Dean mentioned in his prepared remarks that 2019 lease expirations of about 1.3 million square feet. Our annual rental revenue on that is about $41, and we've got, as Dean said, 25% pre-leased and another 12% in negotiation. So that gives you some idea of kind of how people are thinking about here we are in the third quarter of 2018 thinking about 2019 already. So I think that bodes well, generally well.
Joel Marcus: Yes. That's a really good question. Maybe let me take them in somewhat reverse order. So there are a number of people in New York, some of whom are credible and some of whom are totally incredible, and lacking in credibility as well as being incredible. That are trying to push the life science industry as if it was Cambridge and it is not, it doesn't bear any resemblance to Cambridge. New York grew up as a strong clinical market. It’s very hospital based. It's got very good basic research. But commercial activity before we started back and when we won the RFP from Mayor Bloomberg was back in 2005. There was a single incubator up at Columbia that did – bunch of companies doing research other than that, it was all office. So you're starting from ground zero, it takes 25 years to build a legitimate cluster. This cluster will be different than San Francisco, different than Cambridge. It's an early stage cluster. There will be some large companies who put units in, but it’s one off, it’s stepwise growth, it's not a hockey part growth, like some people are touting. How we have really worked and then I'll get to incentives. How we've worked with the city and the state and the components of the ecosystem is, there are four elements to build a cluster, you got to have a location. The Alexandria Center was chosen as really the key location. And when we complete the North Tower, we will have 1.3 million square feet. You've got to have great science. They do have excellent science. You got to have great management teams for companies. That's a challenge. You have to import a lot of management. Certainly at the management level and at the development level, there are good researchers there. But that's an area that has to work on. And then Venture Capital, it's taken eight years to date to try to build a decent Venture Capital base, which is now realizing coming to fruition. So it's a big effort and we've been clearly at the vanguard of that in always. When it comes to incentives, we have not relied on city and state incentives in the future. The city does own the land we're on. And that was their contribution to the joint venture, but we put up all the capital. And I think the city and state incentives are helpful, but really not. They're not going to make the difference of bringing and growing the industry frankly. Sorry for the long winded answer.
Joel Marcus: It's a little bit of both Rich. I just to put it into perspective, it takes quite a bit in steps to actually move or in a GAAP pickup because those are GAAP numbers or the cash numbers for that matter on the cash side and really drive same property results because 80% to 85% of our cash flows are operations actually go through the same property pool. But we are getting an overall benefit. It's just not reflected in the strong results.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so Rich I was going to say, just a footnote to what Dean said. So in a place like Cambridge, again the reason there's so much demand like that and companies are not looking to go out throughout 128 or to the [birds] for much cheaper space is. The cost of rent as a percentage of their overall operation is not significant. And the need to keep these companies in the mainstream, on transit, in good recruiting locations, et cetera, really outweighs cheaper rent in a more remote location. So I think that's the other reason you're seeing this kind of confluence of early renewal activity in some of Cambridge being maybe the best example.
Joel Marcus: Well, just looking, if you go to Page 24 of the sup, the 2019 lease expirations, they're really well distributed in Greater Boston, San Francisco, San Diego, Seattle, a little bit in Maryland, so there's no overly burdensome concentration in one location. Then if you look at the annual rental revenues of those leases in place, relatively speaking, they're pretty low.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think that – if you go to my opening comment, Jamie, 52% of our annual rental revenue is investment grade or large cap public. That's actually where the money has flowed these days. So I think we feel pretty good. It would be – I think not a good thing if venture dried up and not a good thing if the IPO market shut down. But if you think about Venture Capital and you go behind the numbers, there are a handful of funds that or handful of funds that have and are raising large, large amounts of money that some have closed and some will close over the next couple of quarters that will probably restock. And this is on the life science side, not the tech side, that will probably fund those entities to the tune of north of $2 billion. So even if things became rougher in 2019, the amount of venture that will be available for investment over the coming years will be strong. And I think actually evaluations fall that'll even be better in a sense for investors in the private markets because it will be more attractive. But I don't think we're going to see any wholesale radical change over the next year or so.
Joel Marcus: Thank you very much everybody and we'll look forward to talking to you on the fourth quarter and year-end call. Take care.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, Manny, I would reiterate what Joel said. As I mentioned in my commentary over the last four years, about $1.5 billion in real estate dispositions, heavily weighted to high value, low cap rate assets, which when you blend in. So attractive, very attractive cost to capital and when you blend that in with the discipline issuance of common equity as well as tapping long-term debt from the bond market. I think we were actually hitting an attractive cost to fund projects that have given about 7% on a cash basis, so pretty consistent execution there.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Manny, I would say there's two things that I think probably have come up for most REITs. One is what you're referring to is the initial indirect leasing cost that under the new rules will be required to be expensed. And it looks like it's fairly insignificant to Alexandria, right about in that 1% of FFO per share. And I think the other thing to consider is that we do have certain ground leases which as you probably know under the rules would be put on balance sheet. So we have roughly a $200 million gross up on our balance sheet for that. But I would say from a P&L perspective on net income or FFO per share, there's really no impact from changes under the new lease rules for ground leases.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Sheila to expand on the question on investments, I'd say roughly spread across private and public, so you actually had a good appreciation in the quarter across the portfolio.
Dean Shigenaga: Rich, it’s Dean here. It's actually a little mix of everything as you would expect. I would say that early renewals that have a large benefit to cash flows is very specific to the lease. We have a handful of those that have been occurring every year for the last four or five years now. But we're still getting really nice mark-to-markets on average across the markets. And so there's a blend of what I call normal healthy mark-to-markets occurring today and then some half a dozen or more larger, really large steps in early results.
Dean Shigenaga: What Richard, I don't have that in front of me right now. So why don't we think about giving the market an update at Investor Day on that.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. And I would add, if you think back to pre-2013, the biotech IPO window was pretty much shut for about a decade and they were doing fine with liquidity events. And then today, biopharma has got a tremendous, with 75% or something of the topline revenue actually coming from products that have been sourced outside of pharma, which means biopharma is going to feel capital into the biotech industry to continue to grow their platform.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Sheila, I’d say we had good strength across our markets and it's pretty consistent with what we've observed over the year. It’s a full nine months as well as prior years, as we've always had really good strength on contractual expirations, and I think the early renewals have always been a pleasant surprise to cash flow growth.
Peter Moglia: Well, fortunately real estate fundamentals and the life science industry fundamentals are strong, so we're operating in a very solid environment. Our expirations are fairly modest going out year-to-year, but I would say what is happening, which is a real positive. Tenants are very nervous about space. They continue to come forward to early renew sometimes three plus years prior to their expiration. So we are reaching far out. I think from our perspective, Sheila, we're just trying to be balanced, because there is some upside in rental rate growth, so being patient while taking some off the table is kind of the approach we've been taking.
Peter Moglia: That was really across a broad set of investments, Sheila. So it's a good reflection of the appreciation of the quality of that portfolio.
