Joel Marcus: Thank you very much. And I want to apologize, Steve was on cell phone and his line cut in and cut out, we'll work with the transcript providers and make sure the blanks are filled in. With that, we'd like to go to questions.
Joel Marcus: So when you ask about how they're using their space, do you mean, I'm not quite sure what you're asking. The laboratories are operating full time, we've said, as you know, many times, you can't do lab work from home. Most of the life science tenants have a flexible work from home schedule. So they are, yes white color folks are in several days a week and kind of move that around. I think that's kind of the norm. But there have been, I was at one of our mega campuses, not too long ago and the parking lot was jam, so people are back in a pretty important way. But I think the office part of the component still is kind of a hybrid work schedule, if that's what you're asking.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Tony, you have to go back to what Hallie said, the industry is not a cyclical industry, the industry is event-driven and if one is working on a particular blockbuster drug or whatever, they're going to allocate capital obviously as prudently and as disciplined fashion as possible, but they're going to have to move forward, because that's where the value of the pipeline is part of the key value. So I think it's different than other sectors, whether you're in a law firm or a financial sector where you can move a whole bunch of things around, because of just macroeconomics. But this is a very different industry. So I don't think you can kind of compare the two. Now tech tenants are well known, obviously, those guys clearly have slowed the pace of hiring, some of them have done some layoff work and so forth and so we see that, we've got what 8% or so, less than 10% of our portfolio is tech related. So that is, I think, well-characterized out there.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think it's pretty clear if you go back to the '08, '09 timeframe that there will be tenants and oftentimes they tend to be small publicly-held companies, either preclinical or into the clinic, who have a certain amount of cash that are trying to kind of manage their resources to get to value inflection milestone so they can either finance further or potentially reach a milestone that they could partner or sell either the company or the product to a bigger company. And so, I mean that goes on all the time, and I'm sure we'll see that evolve from time to time. I mean, the great example that I like to use as a company that had that problem back in '08, '09, they moved out of a big -- actually, they had the entire building of 500 Forbes, they moved out on one day, the next day, Genentech-Roche took that entire space and I think that's what you see we've described, I think last time, Steve described on the last call a tenant in San Diego, or maybe we've done that on some of the analyst calls, that wanted to leave, I forgot 20,000 square feet or so. We brought in another tenant who wanted that space and the mark-to-market on the new lease was 50%. So we expect to be able to manage those kinds of issues. But I think we're going to be much better well set than almost anybody else because of the discipline we've used in leasing space in the first place. Now if we buy an asset where we have an existing tenant, and that actually happened at 500 Forbes, then we have to just manage that in a way that is as best we can, because we haven't underwritten a tenant in a sense of choosing them, bring them in or not, obviously, as part of the acquisition. But so far, if you look at collections, receivables and just the general situation across the portfolio, we don't have any credit issues at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Yes well, I'll let Peter take that, but let me just say if you remember the Binney corridor and I think you've heard that Jamie. It took us about a decade to assemble in title and build over 2 million square feet there. 300 Third was an asset we purchased before all that it was actually an older building that had been built for Palm. And a converted asset so it doesn't really represent what we developed along that corridor, but that corridor is I think representative of a big kind of mega Class A campus. So I think keep that in mind as you think it's not an one-off one, 100 Binney isn't just one-off Class A building. It actually represents all 2 plus million square feet there. But Peter you can give some details for sure.
Joel Marcus: So I'll let Peter comment again on some of the specifics, but I would say - and welcome to the call. We aggregated those assets actually 60 West View, if I'm not mistaken, was the first asset we ever bought in the Massachusetts cluster. And we aggregated those assets, many of which kind of early on in our attempt to try to build a presence in the Greater Boston region. In those days, we didn't have enough money to buy anything in Cambridge. And we over -- as I say, well over a decade, we aggregated a nice group of suburban assets, well maintained, well operated, actually pretty good credit throughout the - those assets. But it comes a time when you see values there to harvest and to reinvest and also our move to the - really the mega campus strategy in the greater Boston region with our really big mega campuses. That's where we wanted to focus our capital, and we have obviously a whole host of needs. So it was a pretty easy decision and the timing was, I think, pretty darn good. But Peter, you could comment. I don't know if there's anything specific.
Joel Marcus: Yes and I would say, we don't also have a set of suburban assets like that really in - how they kind of originated and stuff really in any other market. So you can't really say oh, do you have other suburban portfolios. Like in the Bay Area, a portfolio, we would probably exit would be the East Bay, but we exited those before. So we don't have those kind of assets by and large.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think as Peter said, the reality is data centers have been hot. Obviously, resi has been hot. Industrial logistics has been hot, and life science has been hot. But life science is a very - it's a much, much smaller overall asset base countrywide. And so, the scarcity is an important part of things. And as Peter said, I think a number of important high-quality investors have sought to look at these scarcity assets. But obviously, sometimes people make a decision. They don't like the asset they have. So they're looking at somebody else and saying, Gee, could we try to convert and do that and sure in markets there are those kind of people. But by and large, I mean, we heard pretty big core stories on some conversions in the Boston region by people who have no idea what they're doing and tenants who are desperate to get out. So that's a story that will unfold pretty sadly for those folks.
Joel Marcus: Yes so, look you can't do a - you get a gross maximum price contract until you actually have something to price. So whenever we start a project we obviously do a pro forma and then within that pro forma I believe that we have a very conservative approach with allowances for cost that should be adequate and then contingencies on top of that. And then we get the entitlements. We get permits and then we're ready to go out and supplying out the project and it just take - you don't but it all out at once you buy out different trades at different times. So it's a process but we do it expeditiously and anything that we have that starts out. Again we have these underwriting contingencies that are in our pro forma so we have a really good idea what the yield would be and more often than not that initial yield can be done. We can do better because as we start to buy things out we can start removing some of those allowances and contingencies and end up by the time it gets put in to the supplemental you know highly confident in that yield. It may not be completely bought out by then but it's very close and if it hasn't been bought out it still contains good contingency to cover any unknowns or unexpected cost increases.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so that's a good question. So when it comes to Houston, one of our campus acquisitions was, in fact, made because of a specific tenant. And that tenant will grow there and will be an anchor a larger project. When it comes to Austin, we have a cohort of important lab tenants, both credit and noncredit who want to be in that market. It is a new market. It is one that is not an existing cluster probably will take a decade to start to gel and then probably another 15 years beyond that to get to that 25-year mark. But I think what intrigued us about Texas and Austin in general is - and I've made this statement before, if you look at what Steve Jobs said about the 21st century, it was the century the intersection of biology and technology. And so I think Texas is ripe for that intersection, and that's where this industry is really moving in an industrial fashion. So this is really kind of the first toe in the water with that thesis.
Joel Marcus: So thank you for that question. Not really I mean I think the - I mean technology, and you saw the - if you looked at the cover of the press release and sub, we've highlighted Eikon Therapeutics based on Nobel Prize-winning technology and headed by Roger Perlmutter, who was CSO at Amgen. He was also Chief Scientific Officer at and Head of Research at Merck. And this is a great example of a using to some extent AI in the development of new innovative therapeutics. So clearly that intersection that I just talked about that Steve Jobs described is, we're certainly seeing way more of that today than we did before, but I think our early stage efforts are really aimed at focusing on the next Alnylam's or the next Moderna's, two companies that we became associated with Alnylam in 2003 that started in 3,500 square feet in our Science Hotel and Cambridge and Moderna that started early on in Tech Square a couple of years after it had been founded by the flagship team, and our hope is to find those kinds of companies that have just totally disruptive technologies and lots of product opportunities and shots on goal, because those are the things that are going to move the dial and move the needle when it comes to human health, and by the way, both are huge, huge tenants of ours in many respect. So it all kind of works out, but that's kind of where our focus is, I don't know Hallie if you want to comment.
Joel Marcus: Well that's, we could write a treatise on that, when it comes to the investment portfolio, if you're looking at early-stage, we're looking at the things Hallie and I just described, great management teams, strong financial capability to attack some really big problems that have major unmet medical needs. I think when it comes to the tenants. We have a much different kind of focus, focus on stability, credit, opportunity. So they're kind of different in that sense, but both are rigorous and we've had a pretty highly disciplined and highly skilled team in place for a long, long time, which is why I think we've been able to do a really good job at those underwritings.
Joel Marcus: Well, okay. Well, first of all, I think, by the way, we didn't have a slightly okay quarter, we had a really great quarter. So I would ask you to think about your comments on your review piece. Secondly, it's our intent like it was in New York, we started in New York, there was one incubator in New York alone, there was no other commercial companies really operating. There were a handful of companies, and we've either built or helped move or really helped create that market and so our intent is to do the same in Texas. We're not waiting for tenants just to haphazardly move there somehow, but we have a pretty strategic plan to work with tenants who want to move there. Remember, a lot of cities these days, and you could pick out the names have governance problems, homeless problems, crime problems, high taxes, poor governance. So there are a whole lot of folks very interested. We've seen that in financial services and now Citadel just announcing a big move from Chicago to Miami. So you're going to see with the 1,000 tenants I can tell you we have a whole lot of folks that want to move.
Joel Marcus: So it's -- very compared to other business, a very small percentage of their overall cost structure.
Joel Marcus: Yes I mean, it's based on a pure scarcity of really high quality, well-located laboratory assets. I mean that's the equation Peters laid out.
Joel Marcus: Okay. Thank you everybody. And we'll look forward to our third quarter call. Be safe. Take care. God bless.
Peter Moglia: Yes sure Jamie fair question, you saw the 3.5 print last quarter and this is 4.3 the buildings are next to each other locationally. I would assess the difference Joel touched on it may be starting from where I was in my comments I think they were a number of factors it would include interest rate creep since that trade certainly rates have gone up since the sale of 100 Binney so that I'm sure factored into it. The age of building - 300 Third was built in 2000. And as Joel mentioned, it was a build-to-suit for Palm, 100 Binney was built in 2017. So 100 Binney is very new state-of-the-art HMH where 300 was not purpose-built for lab. I've talked and - during other quarters, commenting on non-purpose-built buildings, and this one has similar challenges to others that we've seen in the market, namely because of their low ceilings there or the low floor-to-floors, there's 8.5 foot ceilings. We typically have 10-foot ceilings in our space. So when you shrink the ceiling down like that, it's just not as nice of an environment. And it has some other weird things. There's, the parking lots on the second floor of the building, and that just creates some operational inefficiencies when you're dealing with chemical storage and things. So you have that and then I'd say, maybe one other item is that it's subject to a ground lease versus 100 Binney, which was a fee simple asset and there's certainly a little bit of discount for that. So I think all of those things kind of aggregated to a 4.3 but I would also say in this environment of 4.3 is still pretty good really good if you factor and also that 300 Binney is subjective a long-term lease and the buyer is not going to be able to market-to-market for quite a long time. So they certainly saw great value in the future appreciation.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I'd just say that I think the time was right. Those - there were 12 buildings in that portfolio. They were really good workforce buildings but relative to the rest of the assets that we have in our market that were on the lower spectrum of quality and given the appetite for life science real estate I think we were able to get the pricing by selling in today that was very attractive and as Joel mentioned and I said on the comments, great opportunity to reinvest that into our value creation pipeline. So I don't think there's really - I think it's just really that simple, just really opportunistic time to sell assets and get maybe more for on than you would in another era.
Peter Moglia: Yes I would say we do quite a number of meetings about strategy and market updates on a weekly basis. We're covering we never going to long before we covering what could be coming up what have we heard with all the different regions and I had - by and large we don't hear a lot about potential conversions outside of you might see announced in the press. Most of it is potentially new development, but as Steve mentioned in his comments. We only see limited amount of that in 2022 and 2023 more has been announced, we'll see if it gets built. But I don't see or we don't see a lot of conversions outside of going back to the suburbs in Boston. We certainly know one of our - one of the office suites that has a lot of holdings out there I have talked about doing conversions and I'm sure are underway with a few, but we're not seeing - proliferate throughout our urban core very much at least at this point.
Peter Moglia: Yes I mean, I think what Joel is referring to as I think they were at $137 a foot. And that's, by and large, one of the things that sets the market our new developments. And so, you get a rate like that and then a renewal comes up of another Class A property in the neighborhood and the landlord will ask for the same rent. So I would say that the new development kind of helps set the market and then the existing assets follow. So it's a good thing.
Peter Moglia: Well I think what you're trying to get to Michael is I would say that if we had a - so these were more of one-off buildings. But if we were to sell something in the suburbs that was more campus like - I mean San Diego ago and itself is kind of suburban market. So you look at something like Campus Point right where you have this amenitized campus it's in a suburban spread out environment, but it's Class A and amenitized I mean that's going to have, that's going to be a low 4 cap rate. If we had something in the suburbs of Boston, that was a similar type of development I would expect to similar type of cap rate. But these were lower quality these weren't really campuses they were one-off buildings of significant age and of credit tenancy in there was about a quarter when you looked over the spectrum of the tenant base. So it just as I termed it before kind of workforce they'll be leased over time as tenants need 30,000/50,000 square feet which is about the average size of those buildings. But they're never going to have huge rent growths because they are just not that appealing to have somebody clamoring over it.
Peter Moglia: So the nice thing that we have in our - in the base of our great partner pool, and it really truly is a great group of partners that we've established significant relationships with is that when we do these JVs. They're done on an unlevered basis. So they're not necessarily beholden to what the rates are for secured debt at the time. Now many of them may indeed finance their portfolios outside of asset specific financing, but it is at a very low level. In fact, some of our partners though have so much cash to put out that they don't lever really at all. So it's been one of the things that I think has helped us achieve the cap rates that we've achieved and sell things at an expeditious manner because there is a hunger for those types of assets, and they're not those purchases aren't contingent upon financing. So we hear stories about deals falling out because the lender at the last minute decides not to fund. That fortunately for us, we haven't had to deal with that. And if we did an outright sale, and we've had bidders that have put financing contingencies in their offers, but we've had enough bidders that were willing to not have that contingency that we just so far knock on wood. Everything that we've put out there we've performed on and haven't had any disruption because of debt market volatility.
Peter Moglia: Well, the laboratory, the office that is associated with our laboratories houses the scientists that are working in the labs and they need that space to do their work, they can't, it's not good lab practices to be in the lab writing things up. So it's typically not possible to just give back lab space -- sorry, office space because they need it, if they're working in the lab.
Peter Moglia: As far as acquiring things I think there has been fewer buyers in the last couple of months as we've been kind of winding up our program, but pricing is for great quality land that hasn't really been moving down at all. And then in the dispositions, we tend to go to -- we kind of select who we'd like to have purchase our assets or JV with us. So it's hard to say, but I would say the interest in those folks that we typically approach with our opportunities has not waned and they are still very eager to get more exposure.
