Peter Moglia: Okay, good afternoon. I think I will make some comments on the investment market and cap rates. The national investment market has continued to be health through the first quarter of 2015 illustrated by a further compression in cap rate of 5 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2014 for a national average of 6.11% according to the PWC Korpacz Investor Survey. Alexandria's strategy to focus our allocation of capital into the innovation gateway coastal cities of Boston, Cambridge, New York City, San Diego, San Francisco and Seattle continues to drive our NAV higher as the year-over-year cap rate compression in those markets was two times that the year-over-year national average at 34 basis points. According to the PWC survey the office sector in particular is expected to lead the industry in terms of value growth followed by warehouse, lodging, apartments and retail which is mostly attributed to a continuation of improving fundamentals and the focus on office investment from foreign capital and pension funds. There was one notable lifetime stay to report in the first quarter which occurred in the Seattle region where 307 Westlake and South Lake Union traded for a 5.6% cap rate and a record price per square foot of $859. This acted very similar to another lab office asset at South Lake Union 401 Terry which traded in the first quarter of 2014 at a 6% cap rate and $755 per square foot. Given that the assets are within a couple of blocks from each other and occupied by similar non-credit tenant research institutions on long-term leases these trades are a good barometer for the cap rate compression that lab office assets have experienced over the past year.  During Investor Day we noted an office sales comp at 25/1st Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts also known as the Davenport building. That sales comp originally speculated at 4% has been confirmed at 4.55% and a price per square foot of $637. A follow on to that was the closing of One Memorial Drive at a 4.9% cap rate and a healthy $1,096 per square foot. Also noted during Investor Day but repeated here for those who may have missed it, was a comp that gave some long awaited price discovery in South San Francisco. 701 Gateway, an office building which is in close proximity to a number of Alexandria assets traded [indiscernible] at a 5.5% cap rate. There are a number of projects being keyed up there that were affirmed by this comp. Adjacent to Mission Bay tech office building 444 De Haro Place in Potrero Hill traded to Ares Management for a 4.5% cap rate and $669 per square foot. This asset had just been stabilized with major leases executed in 2014 for 75% of the building. To wrap up my comments I want to acknowledge that we continue to monitor the movements in interest rates and still believe that although recent days show that leading indicators appear to have turned higher on a month-to-month basis consensus investor sentiment remains negative on the rate outlook but appears to be validated 10 year treasury yields remaining near lows and the fed's lower rate cap forecast during the last FOMC meeting. With that I will hand it over to Steve.
Peter Moglia: This is Peter Moglia I just wanted to add one thing, that the rents is being touched on are significantly impacted by an affordable component which was the part of the entitlement agreement we have with the city of Cambridge. So if you apply the market rent to the whole thing and then apply a cap rate to that you might be off and so I think roughly about 40% of it is limited to affordable. But we fully expect a market cap rate on that NOI.
Peter Moglia: This is Peter Moglia, at 400 Dexter our [indiscernible] as it's refer to in Seattle, it’s expected within the next 60 days or so. But we're going full force on design and the city is very, very supportive of this effort because they wanted to capture Geno Therapy that's in the city proper. So we've got full support and we're running with it.
Steve Richardson: Thank you Peter and good afternoon everybody. The San Francisco to Stanford clusters theme is really one of broad and deep demand. As life science requirements total in excess of 2 million square feet which is up significantly from six months ago and another 8 million plus square feet of tech office demand of which 2.7 million square feet is in the City of San Francisco alone. Alexandria's leadership position in developing creative and collaborative urban campuses is creating tremendous interest in the market we are fully engaged with deep and trusted see sweet relationships across both the science and technology industries with at least five users seeking unique big blocks in access of 200,000 square feet. A deeper dive in the market shows the robust leasing activity in the mid-range side as well as past quarter. Uber leased 300,000 square feet at 555 and 685 market streets. Lending club is doubled its footprint to 252,000 square feet with a lease of 112,000 square feet comprise of eight floors at 595 market. [Advent] software renewed its lease of 129,000 square feet at 600 Townsend Street, just down the road from our 510 Townsend project. [indiscernible] leased 120,000 square feet at 221 Main Street. We Works has leases pending for 91,000 square feet at 995 Market and 1161 Mission, while [Mix Pana] leased 65,000 square feet at 405 Howard and Omnicons leased another 45,000 square feet at 600 California. With all this activity we anticipate lease rate for new product will be pushing beyond mid 50 triple net and into the mid 60 triple net given the mix of high demand and limited availability more particularly we have no availability in Mission Bay and just 3.4% in the SoMa district down 300 bips from 6.4% during 1Q, 2014.  At 510 Townsend Street we are on track for securing entitlement during late summer of this year and have signed a long term full building lease with a disruptive technology company, Stride. We expect to break ground later in the year and we'll provide further color in the coming months and timing and delivery. Mission Bay as we've noted is very health with continued in bound interest as well as existing tenant seeking expansion with Warriors breaking ground later this year and our JV with Uber on track this is become truly a unique Urban destination. Our regional teams 30 years of experience and relationships across the political governmental and brokerage realms as well as the science and tech industries has positioned the company for continued out performance in the San Francisco market. Moving a bit South we're seeing a quite bit of resurgence of activity in South San Francisco which is 1% vacancy we have seen our Amgen Onyx campus just brought some market for sub lease but we do have in place long term leases at the campus with an investment grade tenant there. Lease rates are now pushing well into the mid-40s and higher for existing product. And finally the 98.5% regional occupancy reported in the sub has already been resolved, so we're back in 100% and the mark-to-market of rent places leases provides for further growth with approximately 10% cash and 15.2% on a GAAP basis.  With that let me hand it over to Tom.
Steve Richardson: Again it's really resurgence of activity in the South San Francisco market you've got just 1% direct vacancy. So as we've got a number of second cohort companies that are maturing there I think the possibility of sub leasing looks brighter than perhaps it did on their other projects along [indiscernible] Cove. So we're in constant contact with the Amgen team as we have been for years and we'll see how it unfolds, but I'm encourage.
Steve Richardson: Yes, it's Steve Richardson. Prop M right now, there is supply in the pipeline, we anticipate that winding down with two large projects that will probably garner allocation and then certainly 5,000 to 10,000 in the summary as we've discussed. So really seeing the impact of Prop M in the later half from 2016 and then beyond into 2017.
Steve Richardson: Jim, its Steve Richardson, so if you look at Cambridge roughly at 59 cash, roughly 10% in San Francisco, San Diego we've got about nearly 5% in [Tori Pines] maybe 2% overall. Given some limited rollover there and then in New York we're at about 2% as well. We obviously have a lot of recent deliveries there so just hasn’t matured to a point. And then Maryland we're in positive territory as well on a cash basis 2%, 3.3% on a GAAP basis. Then in Seattle looking solid on GAAP basis 10.6% and 2.0% on a cash basis, RTP similarly 12% on a GAAP basis and 7.8% on a cash basis. So across the board, we're certainly positive mark-to-market and I think certainly seeing Maryland and RTP recovers, stabilize and now moving the positive territory is an encouraging sign 
Steve Richardson: Jamie its Steve. We've started the internal process a number of quarters ago, you've submittals, environmental impact review and then traffic studies, those three pieces have essentially been completed or nearing completion. We do have a target in August now with the planning commission and expect that we're right in the middle with the fair way with the project itself no variances, all of the underline traffic and EIR conclusions are consistent, so we would expect putting seamless move here to August and then we're receiving the entitlements at that time.
Dean Shigenaga: So I think as you look through capital planning being very fluid as you look at trends in the market place as well as different sources of capital. Given our needs to fund about 1.1 billion roughly, 1.2 billion of needs this year. We've laid out a capital strategy I think that has been somewhat dynamic but also prudent and discipline in tapping of variety of sources of capital to blend our cost of capital. And I think in prior calls we've mentioned as well as in the general market you get a good sense by pricing for high quality real estate is attractive capital for the company. And as a result JV interest in a project by 225 Binney fully leased modest steps in rents overtime will allow us to really tap the value we created on this project, which keep in mind was initially delivered a probably [7.5 to 7.7] initial yield when we completed this project. And if we can tap a market cap rate today which we'll described when we complete the transaction will be able to monetize some of the value creation and reinvest that capital under value creation projects. So hopefully that helps.
Dean Shigenaga: We're probably in somewhere just around low $40 million probably at the point we will be completed with the project.
Dean Shigenaga: I think the way to think about the residential site is that it was a component of a large entitlement effort, a component of our overall Binney Street development. There is a component they have lower price units within in the residential development. So I'd say that we expect to breakeven to a slight gain on the transaction. But keep in mind that it's a component of the larger development and since we don’t want to long term holders of the Red B side we’ve chosen to sell and recycle that capital.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes that gives you a very good sense for an estimate on the cap rate on average for the two transactions that we're talking about -- looking at selling and as we mentioned we'll provide more color when we complete each of the sales.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think we'll not -- if you don't mind comment on that anymore, we’ll comment in detail and obviously our disclosure will have by chapter reverse on that, when the time comes but I think, given pending transactions better to say nothing. I think, Steve could give you, 60 second primer on Prop M though.
Dean Shigenaga: So Jim, it's a Dean Shigenaga, I think when you think of our leasing steps this quarter almost 31% on a GAAP basis and our range of guidance of 14 to 17. I would first highlight at the challenge with updating the range in an extremely healthy environment that we're in today with tremendous demand and very limited supply, is it’s hard to forecast the upside that is off low and I'd also add that this is only the first quarter that represents only 25% of our activity for the year, it was home run quarter. I'd imagine that on average the rest of the activity is going to be closure line with our guidance with the [indiscernible] that we're in a very strong market that presents some upside on the leasing activity that we've execute on going forward and I forgot what the second questions was.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah I would say first of Jim, it is very dynamic market. I'd say it's hard to incorporate the speed of change in rental rates in a summary that we just -- Steve just rattles out. But if you look out this type of environment, very strong market should provide ongoing very solid leasing statistics going into '16 and '17.
Dean Shigenaga: Jim its Dean. So the way Steve describes is exactly where we are in San Diego on our campus point project. We have cleared all the hurdles, we're now up to public notice and we expect to wrap all that up in July. So we're targeting a final approval on July 4th. But everything seems to be going smoothly and ground breaking at the same time.
Dean Shigenaga: Jamie its Dean here. You probably -- you’re actually not too far from our recent project at 75/125 Binney, year and I say this cautiously let me just carry out this because the challenge with estimates for construction right now is, what we do know is, we have a lease with Santa Fe, we are working through terms to lease 60 Binney on the exact split between our investment and the tenant's investment, plus the design. Some design aspects will determine the ultimate cost but you're probably in that figure that's approaching all in about a $1000 a foot.
Dean Shigenaga: That lease was a 2010, so just coming out of the recession. It was a renewal of an existing MIT lease at that market and it was a gross rent. And so that shows how much the office market in particular has moved since that trough in 2010. And there are not a lot of other well below market leases at Tech Square a lot of other well below market leases at Tech Square that a pretty minimal.
Dean Shigenaga: Sheila it's Dean, just to clarify the original lease rate that rolled was gross, the numbers I gave you converted the gross rate to a net rate, so get apples to apples, it is a net lease today.
Dean Shigenaga: I think, you should think of most of them other than what we've completed which you already have, the stuff that's pending you should think of as value added opportunities. There maybe a little bit of in-place purchasing cash flows, but for now just assume it's nominal.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, I'd say, it doesn't impact and your question maybe longer term related but it doesn't really impact our construction spending for this year as you noticed that our guidance remains very consistent with last quarter.
Dean Shigenaga: My comment is focus on primarily on sourcing sales but we wanted to make it clear that we would re-file the program just to have it available for other future.
Joel Marcus: Yes, so Steve will talk about the 5,000 to 10,000 and I’ll ask Dean will talk about to campus point and then I'll talk about Seattle.
Joel Marcus: All in, that's fully loaded all in. And then rents you could imagine would be of the absolute upper end and then you can imagine what the yields would be. So nice spread to what cap rates are today.
Joel Marcus: Actually Jamie -- sorry to point that out, but that’s actually what we are doing. We're selling, we increased our disposition program this quarter, so we have 200 million of incremental dispositions on a cash basis.
Joel Marcus: No, dispositions increased. Net 200 on a cash basis over just the acquisitions. So we have about a net 65 million of cash increase on an outlay for acquisitions and about 265 million at the mid-point increase in dispositions, which nets about it.
Joel Marcus: Sheila it's Joel, the city announced actually in the press release -- announcing the two venture fronts that they're essentially helping fund to the tune of about $150 plus million dollars and in that press release, so couple of weeks ago. They stated the need for additional lab space in New York because the demand there is emerging and they cited, the Alexandria center for life science is having the additional north parcel on which we have a long-term option as one immediate relief valve at least in the foreseeable future and the city has encouraged us, we’ve had several direct meetings, they’ve even encourage us to think about up zoning it. And so we will be working with them hands on and right now our thinking is we could break ground potentially by the end of next year with the delivery on 2018. So that's very realistic. The ground lease is negotiated, this is just an add-on for the development
Joel Marcus: It would be an amendment to the existing, for the development of the sights. So it's actually fairly easy to do compare to a brand new ground lease that we had never negotiated back in 26 and 27 when we're doing 
Joel Marcus: Well, that's one of the key issues because obviously we want to make it as favorable to the tenants because that's a pass through, to induce them to make New York city their headquarters and city is aligned with that view. So that's not so much of area cost that's tenant cost and it's in the best interest of the city to make that affordable.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think as we've said last time the MIT transaction involving at the Memorial drive property, really was kind of an opportunistic situation, we didn't really plan on, they brought it to market. They bundled that with the -- not bundled it but encouraged us to bid on it together with our repurchase at Tech Square. So, it's not something we had really planned on and generally we're aren’t in the market to buy stabilized acquisitions in general.
Joel Marcus: Lot of that depends on what the ability to build on, based on local permitting, et cetera. But I think we've laid that out in the pipeline chart on Page 30, if you go to that, that's the best way to visualize and think about each of the project, the ones that currently in development and the one that are really near term, I think if you look at the square footage there that's the easiest way to kind of think about it.
Joel Marcus: No, I don't think so at all, actually was probably broader audience as you know that area of Binney is a very -- has great adjacency to Biogen’s main cluster campus there that's why they choose that site down at 225 Binney if the peer office leases the headquarters it's a long term lease, it's a credit tenant. The tenant that has a market capital of almost $100 million doing great things. It's actually an ideal asset.
Joel Marcus: Modest assumptions, we do expect some down time, Rich to re-tenant these. Could go either single or multi-tenant we do have a number of showing. But nothing to reported at the moment.
Joel Marcus: And in the North Carolina property it was a property we bought a quite a number of years ago the EPA was in the property they’ve moved on and rents there are probably are in the low 20s on a triple net basis. So we see some good opportunity for a roll up there.
Joel Marcus: I think we didn’t actually say we were going to deploy the ATM per say, we have not used -- I think the last time we use that was back in 2012-2013 we haven’t used it since 150 more and less remains that expire Dean said in June we're going to refresh that so we always have it available. But I don’t think we have committed the use of it at this point.
Joel Marcus: If you look at -- we have a high chart at page 21 of the supplement and in there you'll see private bio technology, had about 6.8%. By ABR that’s a good kind of estimate. 
Joel Marcus: I think it's fairly fundamentally different. If you go back to my opening comments I think that kind of says it all what we saw in the ‘99, 2000, 2001 era really was more a market driven peak where companies and valuation kind of emerged. But I think business model and drug approval and just sheer focus on drugs coming to market was not the same. This is truly I think an unusual renaissance that I think you've got a lot of legs and will continue to last for quite a long time. I think the better and faster FDA is fundamentally changed since then I think the new generation of bio-tech led by companies like Biogen, Cell Gene, et cetera they didn’t really exist then, you just had Amgen and Genentech more or less. Big farma was really hiding out in it’s -- in really campuses that were more suburban and really acquired and build over many years really with a different business model in mind. And then the kind of the focus on targeted therapy it didn’t exit. So I think it's a pretty -- this is kind of renaissance period I don’t think it's -- sure there is a lot of positivity on the bio tech side with the market valuations. But fundamentally the companies are incredibly way better position.
Joel Marcus: So quick answers, on India we have several assets that are really unproductive assets, land or land and some kind of structure that we -- this is pre Lehman, we had intended to essentially develop and bring the market. Those plans changed before of allocation of capital issues and so the assets that we sold were kind of a shell of a building in a very high quality location in Hyderabad. And we have not achieved permits for the MOB and so we felt by selling it to a MOB operator, who'd actually operate it and be able to secure those approvals, would be the best course and so that’s why we entered into that transaction. And we're happy to have monetized the non-income producing asset. On the other question about selection of locations, our thinking there is driven by a whole bunch of considerations that Dean kind of covered in his remarks, but I would say that the ability to extract value from assets that we have created and really developed high value given today's cap rate environment seem to be best targets of opportunity. The Forbes assets -- 500 Forbes is an ideal one because of where it's situated, cap rate situation and the 225 Binney is one that also seems kind of ideal, again given that it's at the end of the Binney Street corridor. It's a pure office building and it's got all the attributes that really make a joint venture partner very excited about participating in that ownership with us. So those were kind of the driving forces I think behind them.
Joel Marcus: Thank you everybody we appreciate your time and we're just about one hour on and we look forward to talking to you on the second quarter call. Thanks again.
