Joel Marcus: Thank you, Paula, and welcome everybody. With me today, are Hallie Kuhn, Peter Moglia and Dean Shigenaga. Want to thank you for joining Alexandria's fourth quarter and yearend 2022 earnings call and wishing you a safe and healthy new year. And thank you to our Alexandria family team members for their continued operational excellence across all facets of our unique business platform. A truly mission-driven, one-of-a-kind company. We have truly exceptional fourth quarter and 2022 yearend results and by any and all metrics, we're very proud, thankful, and humbled, while many public recording companies ever really struggled mightily during this past year. I'd like to take a moment to tick off what I consider to be some of the most notable news for Alexandria. Truly amazing that Alexandria has delivered approximately 8.5% FFO per share earnings growth while continuing to strengthen our fortress balance sheet, the strongest in our history and Dean will give you more details on that. Against the backdrop of a very deleterious macro-market in this 2022 year and really again, nothing short of operational excellence to the team. With our highly leased development pipeline and continued strong leasing and Peter will comment on that, Alexandria is well positioned to deliver strong earnings growth again in 2023. We have continued to create long-term shareholder value with a total shareholder return from IPO through the end of this -- end of the year, December 31, 2022 of 1673% compared to the MSCI read index of 684%, S&P 500 of 628% and NASDAQ 838%. So a wide margin upbeat. Alexandria continues to produce stable, increasing, long duration cash flows and an increasing dividend. We're very proud of our approximately 1,000 client tenant base, a one of a kind treasurer that continues to generate remarkable demand for our Alexandria lab space and Peter and Dean will highlight more on this, but again, two million square feet leased in fourth quarter, over eight million for the year and almost 18 million for the last two years with rental rate increases last year of about 22% on a cash basis. Pretty amazing stats and we're very proud of our own tenant base, which is generated by far and away the majority of that lease space. 4Q '22 and yearend 2022 was another strong quarter by all fundamental financial metrics and a few others and Dean will highlight some of this, almost 100% -- almost a 100% on collections from a very strong and durable tenant base and very proud of almost 95% occupancy and we put in I think very strong same-store performance both for the quarter and the year.  Innovation in medicine is but must continue to be a national imperative. One in four of us will develop a neurodegenerative disease. Nearly 40% of adult men and women will be diagnosed with cancer during their lifetimes. One in five in the nation's population suffers from mental illness and we're continuing to see over a 100,000 deaths due to overdose last year, despite all of the efforts that certainly this company has made with our Dayton project, but just a literally a war out there, which does not seem to be in check and governments at the federal, state and local level need to double down with the vast amount of resources that have been appropriated over the last few years and really focus on this mental health issue. A comment about our successful and continuing value harvesting and recycling of our precious capital, Peter will detail that, but amazingly stellar 2022 with $2.2 billion successfully harvested and then reinvested in a highly disciplined, disciplined manner and Peter and Dean will also comment on the excellent and steady progress we've made year to date, just one month in to our 2023 business plan for value harvesting and capital recycling and we're very optimistic about that. And then before I pass it over to Hallie, want to particularly call out and thank our particularly call out and thank our finance team and all those who had a hand in the impressive balance sheet accomplishment set forth on Page XB of our supplement. I am very proud that we once again have the strongest balance sheet in the company's history. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Hallie for further comments.
Joel Marcus: Yes. This is Joel. I think we'll try to be general in that given that we have -- we're at the letter of intent stage on a number of transactions. But maybe, Peter, you could give kind of a topside view.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So each one of those was unique in and of itself. I don't want to get too granular, but I think the one in the Route 128 corridor really enables us to piece together three different projects into a more than 1-million-square-foot mega campus, and we have some great activity from our 1,000 tenants to help fill that. So we're very optimistic on that and feel like that was very strategic. It's also under lease back for a number of years, so it will be continuing to cash flow.  The other acquisition was a unique acquisition in downtown Austin. We felt that it was a superb location. It's also under a lease back for a period of time. So we'll continue to generate good revenue, and I won't comment on what our future business plan is for that, but we think there's a really great opportunity to do something unique in that spot, if that's helpful.
Joel Marcus: Yes, this is Joel. Let me make a topside comment, and then I'll turn it over to Peter. I think you have to -- if you're asking about general sentiment, Peter will comment if you're asking about our sentiment it's different because we generally have a certain targeted demand from our existing client base, and therefore, by making, say, the acquisition we did or doing things that we do to create an environment where companies want to go, it really is focused on our kind of game plan.  But if you're looking at a topside view, I don't know, Peter, you could share topside view on Waltham generally.
Joel Marcus: And keep in mind, there will always be demand among more R&D-light companies for Route 128 in Waltham than in the heart of Cambridge. That's just how it's been for decades now.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I can give you my thoughts, and Peter can share his. I think it's hard to compare past cycles because the level of technological development in biotech was so different. Today, it's much more sophisticated new modalities. So when you have M&A today, it used to be oftentimes you're buying a company for maybe a pipeline and you like to hold on to the people, but maybe space is less valuable going back maybe a decade or two. Today, that space is pretty critical, especially if it's located in a top-tier cluster market like Cambridge. Not only do you want the people for recruitment, retention and just working on the projects, but you've also got probably built into the space some pretty sophisticated new modality technologies, both at the lab side and in the R&D manufacturing, which is kind of integrated so closely. So I think it's harder to tell. I think, again, there's going to be a whole series of different types of uses of capital.  A lot of it will be partnering, which has historically been probably the favorite approach of pharma. There will be some acquisitions. You've got a Federal Trade Commission that's pretty hostile to any acquisition in any industry these days. So you'll probably see bolt-on acquisitions where people will want to keep that group and that technology in tow. But I don't think it's is easy to look at, say, big mega mergers in the past and think that, that has any relevance to today. And I think the key buy line for life science in 2023, in addition to what Hallie kind of framed out is what will be the velocity, the depth and the focus of this large cash hoard $300 billion. And if you leverage it, you could be as much as $500 billion to $600 billion. But Peter, you could comment just historically and what you've seen.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So that building, which we acquired had a leaseback to Pfizer. Remember, it's an office building for Pfizer, but it unique in New York, very few buildings have the bones to be converted to lab. They are moving to Hudson Yards, as you know, and their lease is up, I think, out about 2 years or so. But we do have some internally generated demand for that from our current client base, and so we're moving that along.
Joel Marcus: And major overruns on budgets, I can think of 1 project in Boston where a client went there because we didn't have exactly the space that they needed, and then they came back to us when the developer had a huge overrun on costs. So that goes on all the time.
Joel Marcus: Yes. That is a project that we own where they're rotating out of that, and that will be a future development project -- redevelopment and development.
Joel Marcus: Thank you, everybody, and we look forward to talking to you on the first quarter call. Be safe, feel well.
PeterMoglia: Sure. Obviously, there's only a few product types out there that people are comfortable in investing in right now. And obviously, life science real estate is 1 of them. So we are -- I mean, been receiving calls on a fairly regular basis from some existing partners that are excited to see what we have going this year. As I mentioned during my comments, cap rates are expected to rise from the peak. But as I've also said in the past, we don't anticipate, on a relative basis, to be very high. And I'm not going to speculate right now on where they'll be. We'll start reporting once we have more data, but they will be sticky given the scarcity of opportunities for life science real estate.
PeterMoglia: Yes. I've got some sublease statistics so I will -- for our larger markets. I will say that the amount of sublease space overall has come down in the -- over the last couple of quarters. One of the reasons for that is built out lab space is very attractive, especially for companies today that want to try to limit their out-of-pocket investment in the space. So Boston is at about 4.7% right now sublease. And again, anything of quality and that's built out is moving fairly quickly. San Francisco has been reduced to 2.3% and San Diego only has 2.1%. So these are all very normalized numbers for any cycle.
PeterMoglia: I'll start, Rich. The profile of what going on is good quality. We don't have much of anything outside, I think, of high quality. I mean, certainly some workhorse assets that we still hold, we've sold a lot of those. So the partial interest sales just because of the profile of our portfolio are typically going to be higher quality assets, and that's what we're working on now.
Peter Moglia: Well, Waltham, the other surrounding areas, I think the sentiment is still positive. The group, that last comp, I talked about the campus that sold for a five cap, it was reported -- I think it was [indiscernible] that had the article that the group that sold it made $200 million on it. They only owned it for two years. So pretty good outcome. And obviously, if somebody is paying $200 million more than somewhat bought it for two years ago, maybe it was three years ago now, that -- they're a believer in the rent growth in the market. So the other reason that the comps are weighted towards the suburbs is very likely because there's just not a lot of available product to buy in Cambridge or the Seaport or Watertown. So the opportunities were just there. And I don't know if it says anything about the sentiment and probably just more about the availability.
Peter Moglia: I mean I don't think it does any good really to talk about pricing because we're still negotiating with people. And so better strategy to keep that to ourselves at this point.
Peter Moglia: It used to be if you were like a one-trick pony, it was an acquisition and then you shut it down. I mean, a good example is company called ICOS in the Seattle area was bought by -- they developed Cialis, they were bought by Lilly, and they completely shut down. But with the rise of platform technologies, a lot of the M&A, were super beneficial to the growth of our clusters. Companies realized that these teams that they were buying -- or these companies were much more valuable than just the pipeline, but the teams were extremely important. So there were a number of companies. I mean I remember when I was in Seattle, a company got bought by Gilead It was a -- it was called Corus Pharma. They were a 5000-square-foot tenant. And right after that, the Gilead approached us, and we ended up doing a huge over 100000-square-foot deal with them so that they could expand the capabilities of the team. So as Joel said, it ebbs and flows.  But I think if you look at the fact that, I think about 75 -- or in certain years, about 75% of products that have hit the market have started from external innovation that end up on -- in pharma's hands, it's pretty telling that, that is a long-lasting strategy to cone the biotech world, to buy the companies and to keep the teams in place because they generally have platforms and other products behind their initial ones. So I think the general trend in recent years has been to keep them in place and to expand. That would be my...
Peter Moglia: Yes. one of the reasons the sublease market has stayed in check even when there's been some disruptions to companies is the fact that -- and as we've talked about for now almost 2 years, the high cost of construction has just created a much more expensive proposition when you have to build out lab space. The news, though, is that there's just not a lot of sublease space to satisfy all the demand. So deals where the tenants have to invest space, such as our development and redevelopment deals do continue to go. But I mean, there -- if you're a Board and your company wants to expand and they can go into 25,000 to 35,000 square feet of existing space, even though it might be in a different building and even the different neighborhood, they're going to consider that today just given the costs. We're still doing fine in our leasing of our development and redevelopment portfolio. But there is a sentiment that if there's an existing available space just try to grab it.
Peter Moglia: I can really only speak to our rents. I just don't have a lot of visibility to outside of the asking rents that we are hearing from competitive buildings. Our newer product and our -- in our older product, there's not much of a spread between it. Typically, you might see even a 10% to 15% premium for new buildings over older buildings. I think probably the availability of existing space makes the existing space more valuable today. But it also, I think, speaks to just the quality of our overall portfolio. We don't have a lot of B assets that you would -- that you could say that out in the suburbs, the single-story stuff that's not amenitized. Still, the rents, I can -- in the greater Boston, I mean, the rents out there for that type of product or are in the $60 to $70 range. Compare that to the $100 to $120 in Cambridge and maybe the $85 to $100 in Seaport. It's still fairly close, but you do the math and that will give you the premium.  I think overall, though, I would say that rents for lab space have not regressed at all and are still fairly strong, and the has not been a big movement in concessions like you might be seeing in the office market. I know I read a lot about the office market, and I know that rents for high-quality buildings have held there, but concessions have gotten really, really high. And that's not the case with us. Our rents have held well and concessions have remained constant.
Peter Moglia: I don't have any specific examples other than maybe what I just talked about and the comp in is a really just terrible conversion. Burlingame is on the Peninsula. It is very close to South San Francisco. So to get a fully leased comp at an almost 6% cap rate, I think, probably illustrates that conversions aren't that appealing. I would expect good quality, purpose-built lab in Berlingame to be at least 100 to 150 basis points lower than that.
Peter Moglia: The numbers are -- the numbers for availability are still kind of where they've been over the last few quarters. I mean, the biggest supply overhang in any of our markets is in South San Francisco, and it remains that way. That is -- that has not really changed. We -- there's a lot of talk about supply in Greater Boston. Majority of what's talked about hasn't broken ground, some assets have. A lot of them are in the Summerville area, which is not competitive to where our product is. So we're not too concerned about it. But yes, I think that the supply story is always 1 that we have to talk about. People are trying to get involved in the business. But the best locations are very difficult to get. And some people have tried to fan out in other areas such as Summerville with limited to no success, I think, at this point.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I wouldn't doubt, Jamie, that other developers are offering concessions to try to bridge the gap between the quality and reputation that we have and what they offer. Our numbers are still stable at this point.
Peter Moglia: Well, maybe I think probably what's more important, Jamie, on the broad bucket of solving for equity-type capital, as I mentioned, we remain focused on dispositions and partial inter sales JV capital for a significant component of our capital plan for 2023. And we've got a couple of transactions that are fairly advanced right now executed LOI and moving through. So it's only January 31, and we feel like we're in a good spot moving on our capital plan there. And so we got to keep in mind that, that's an important component as well, Jamie, as it has been for many years now.
Peter Moglia: The year-over-year growth is more just a function of the size of activities undergoing construction today. As you know from our disclosures we have 7.6 million either under construction or near-term starts on average, 72% leased. If you look at the fourth quarter capped interest, which is reflective of the average basis under construction, it was $79.5 million of cap interest for the quarter. it was $73 million in the third quarter, so I'll call it up about $6 million. It was $68 million in the prior quarter, so up about $5 million quarter-over-quarter. If you were just to continue to project out that $4 million or $5 million increase quarter-to-quarter, you can kind of project out what half of the year would look like. And just double that from that point forward, you're now at the bottom end of the range of our guidance. So directionally, it should make sense if you look at it from a run rate perspective.  Again, year-over-year, it's up significantly because the amount of construction activities were actually up year-over-year.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. I think the high-level concept on the $1.4 billion of commitments for funding from our JV partners, generally speaking, these are funding requirements related to our value creation pipeline, so construction funding commitments. And these commitments do extend out over multiple years out, two to three years depending on the joint venture. But given the recent increase in projects with joint ventures over the last, call it, four to six quarters, we just wanted to be sure that the investment community understood the significance of the commitments coming from our partners on just a handful of construction projects. So we'll continue that disclosure going forward.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. So it's Dean here, guys. So what we did was we looked more carefully at the actual space. I believe the prior quarter was slightly lower or showing a modest mark-to-market opportunity and it was reflective of looking at that specific property overall, but we realized we had to dive into the details a little bit further because it didn't make sense as we were looking at it for the current quarter. And as we looked at the space specifically, so a portion of the building and the specific space that they're occupying, there's a bigger mark-to-market opportunity. So we wanted to be sure we updated that number in the current quarter. So nothing changed from a real mark-to-market, but previously, it was the overall building. And today, it's just specifically, or this quarter it's specific to that space that they occupy.
Dean Shigenaga: It's really due to that. Some -- occasionally, there's a tenant in the top 20 list of tenants that we did not curate ourselves or has a modest market cap, and we just want to provide some incremental color to some investors who don't need to research the details on their own.
Dean Shigenaga: Rich, I guess the way to answer the question is I think we find significant value in the longer maturity profile given the size of our company and -- we have a meaningful maturity profile for a big company, right, or that matches a big company is maybe a better way of describing it. So the longer average debt term gives us a lot more flexibility to manage the overall maturity profile, right? Because if that was more like five years, with that much debt outstanding, it will be a lot to manage year-to-year on top of any growth capital. So I think strategically, the longer term of remaining maturity is a real positive for us.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think that the reason that others aren't as successful just because they don't have our brand. I mean it's -- we've talked about it for years and years. And there's a lot to be said about the operational excellence we bring, the management of the facilities to the design of the facilities. I think -- to the extent that there's projects out there that are pausing even after they've gone vertical or remain vacant, it's a number of things. One is that the location isn't comparable to ours; two, they've underwritten very high rents because they need to, their basis isn't very good; and three, they don't have a reputation to manage these critical infrastructure building. So I would say that, that's really the reason behind a lot of the competitive buildings not...
Dean Shigenaga: Dave, its Dean here. Lab rents remain healthy as you can tell from leasing statistics in the fourth quarter. Hard to really look out well as you go out into the future, and lab rents are trending well, as we noted from our results. There is a slight mix at play in '23 with certain expirations coming up and certain leasing activity we expect to accomplish, call it, non-lab product. But that product is a small percentage of the portfolio. Rental rates overall, even when you blend it all together, will remain very strong.
Dean Shigenaga: Jamie, it's Dean here. Net effective rents have been positive over time for our business. So it's not declining, it's increasing.
Dean Shigenaga: I don't have it right in front of me, Jamie, but I don't have the exact statistic, but we recall reviewing it over the last month and it was a very solid positive trend. I mean it's -- look, our rents, cash and GAAP rents are up. Those are significant increases period-over-period. Net effective is just trailing out a little bit, but still directionally very substantial, right? Because their base net effective is based off your GAAP rents, right? Very strong.
Dean Shigenaga: Jamie, it's Dean. As we looked at our wrapping up the year, there was an opportunity to raise a very modest amount, as you've mentioned, $105 million. And as we looked at our overall capital that we raised during the year, which I commented on, it blended in very attractively. While, it was done at $150, I think the overall blended common equity proceeds were about $189 per share. So just keeping things in perspective, there's a modest amount that we raised. And Jamie, going back to your other question, I just needed a second to pull it, but 1 second, I just lost the page.  But on rental rate growth, we were at -- so 31% GAAP, '22 cash for the year. Net effective for the year was something around 37%.
Dean Shigenaga: It sounds like you're asking what the first quarter is going to look like. Look, Jamie, in the fourth quarter and the year for 2022, we are very strong. So I don't have an outlook going into the first quarter for net effective, but again, 2022 is up 37% on a net effective basis.
