Joel Marcus: Yes, that is a -- Dean has been working on that for quite a while. That is a really great location in the heart of University Town Center, which has been a hallmark of our presence down there since probably 1998 and an attempt to create a mini campus there in a really great location driven by -- heavily by great transport. And obviously, you know the history of the San Diego market, San Diego has really emerged as 1 of the top markets with a great talent base and really strong capital base, strong scientific prowess and obviously, the land there has been very cherished. And I think the final market you asked about was Texas. So for a variety of legal reasons, I can't say anything until the first quarter, and we'll talk about that. But much like New York, when we started in New York, we really spent before we opened the Alexandria Center for Life Science in 2010, we had started an effort in New York back in 2001 as part of Sandy Wild's effort to bring commercial life science to New York City, where none literally existed.  And I would say the same is true of Texas. Literally, no real presence of commercial life science down there today, but our intent is to create a market and really bring early-stage commercial life science to Texas, much like we did in New York. So with that, hopefully, long-winded answer.
Joel Marcus: Yes, Jamie. Thanks for your question. It’s a really good question. So remember, and I said in my earnings commentary just a few minutes ago, the industry is not a cyclical industry. The mature companies have large amounts of revenue and operate at scale and aren’t really influenced by the cyclicality in any way quite like the very interest rate sensitive industries are. So that’s number one.  Number two, you have to remember that this industry, hopefully, the compression time for bringing new therapies to market to address so many really terrible things that we don’t currently have therapies for – takes a number of years. It’s not like tech where you can create a software program and bring it out instantaneously. So when we met and began our work with Moderna was 2011, that was a pretty tough year, as I recall. We were just getting our investment grade rating. As I remember, Steve, I always said we didn’t have a single tour at Mission Bay for maybe 18 months and the capital markets were pretty, pretty bleak. So we think long term. So investing now for the future, there’s – this is a good time to do it especially as Peter said, the new modalities will change the face of, I think, health care of the future. So we’re very bullish on that. And I’m not sure what more I can say, but interest rates and the economy really are – you have to obviously pay attention. We’re very mindful. We certainly lived through a number of ups and downs, the ‘99, 2000 tech bust and then the ‘08, ‘09 financial meltdown. So we’re pretty judicious about what we do and how we do it, but we’re out there looking for the next Moderna’s.
Joel Marcus: For sure. I mean, yes, the – it certainly is well recognized that the public markets have had major adjustments in valuations over the last, say, 3 quarters. I think that’s starting to leak into the private market because a number of companies who have clinical programs are selling at cash, which is a bargain today. So investors are looking at those with big appetites. So I think you’ll see some of that froth go out of the private markets. My guess is you’re seeing the same thing on the tech side as well. Public markets are resetting valuations in the private markets. But truly great companies are going to get funded. There’s a huge amount of venture that’s been raised over the past couple of years, gigantic amounts, historic amounts. And those are investable dollars for the coming handful of years that those aren’t running out anytime soon.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think, Michael, the point of that is we were at an all-time high, and we felt very comfortable in taking the market risk of issuing equity, especially before a pretty – what’s likely to shape up is a pretty volatile year. NAV is a little bit like beauty. It’s in the minds of the beholder. And I think that we felt at that point, we were very comfortable issuing equity at that level. Let’s just put that point to rest.
Joel Marcus: I didn’t say that, Peter giving a view on an asset-by-asset basis, but at an all-time high, issuing the equity we did. We felt very good about what we’re doing and the accretive uses we could put that equity too.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think if you remember back to Investor Day, Dan gave a specific example in San Diego, where our mega campus leasing effort was substantially above on a lease rate above a nearby building, which was owned by another REIT and demonstrated that is just kind of a sheer apples-to-apples. And 1 of the reasons it makes a big difference is because it provides not only the highly amenities and tailored services and facilities for tenants, but it gives them a space for growth right now, but a path for future growth in our industry today, that's kind of mission-critical.
Joel Marcus: We do. I don't think we have that in any specific disclosure place. But if we go campus by campus, clearly, we do.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So the answer to your first question, I think, Steve addressed. Generally, on a mark-to-market basis, the portfolio would be about 31% up. So that gives you a good sense of how that would play out. And then when you look at life science companies, pharma, biopharma, small, medium, rent is generally a smaller part of -- I think, Steve or Peter, you guys may have the stats, but a fairly small part of the overall G&A, whereas if you go to service companies, law firms, securities firms, it's a much larger part. But I don't know, Steve or Peter, do you have that percentage in mind? It's sub-5%, I believe.
Joel Marcus: Yes. We've seen that for a decade or more. I mean, Steve, maybe just a tutorial on Mission Bay for a moment, which is kind of where a lot of this started.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don’t think that’s happening. I think we won the RFP for the first commercial life science campus in 2005 under Mayor Bloomberg’s direction. We delivered our first building in 2010. And at that point, there was only a single commercial 1 incubator up in the northwest side of Manhattan that had commercial life science tenants. And that was it. Everything else was clinical, academic, but not commercial. And so over the past decade, we’ve built New York. We have our campus today over 800,000 square feet, and we have the prospect of going significantly more. We’ve got some 60-plus companies there, only 1 of which really existed before we started the campus in the city. And so the New York City market is still – it’s a small company market. It’s a small market. We felt that it was a good one to enter because of our cluster model and the drivers. But if you look at last year, there were only about 250,000 square feet of new leases. So in Boston, that’s probably a day’s work. So you have to look at it with respect to all of the clusters. And it still is – it’s a 25-year gestation period, as I’ve said, to build a cluster. And we’re just now entering the second decade. So New York has got a long way to go.  And over the past couple of years, New York has been a tough slog with crime and civil disturbances and things like that. So that’s been a challenge. Big companies aren’t going to go to New York, New York State because of high taxes. So it remains a small company market. We’re committed, and you build it from the ground up.
Joel Marcus: Well, thank you, everybody. We look forward to updating you on our first quarter call. Be safe. Take care.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. Maybe just to somewhat reiterate what you said, Joel, Rich, the way to think about it, we had good tailwinds behind us last year -- this time last year, as we started '21, and we were able to outperform a lot of our underlying guidance assumptions, including overall bottom line FFO per share. We're off to a great start at the very beginning of 2022 with good tailwinds behind us. So we're pretty optimistic, but stay tuned, I guess.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, Rich. I wish there was a simple answer to help for your modeling. But as you can imagine, every transaction is very unique and specific. And the component of operating relative to value creation is also very unique. So there's nothing general that I could guide you towards. We did include, though, for modeling in our acquisition disclosures, in the footnote there, there is a breakdown of how much NOI was brought on board for the current quarter acquisitions and the exact date on a weighted average basis that, that was added for the fourth quarter. So at least you have the NOI to model, but the basis is much harder to get to, Rich.
Dean Shigenaga: Sure, Joel. So Michael, I think what you described at a super high level, generally has been a challenge that the growing company like Alexandria has faced. As you know, as we grow cash flows pretty consistently quarter-to-quarter take the macro environment way, our stock price should be higher the next quarter. If we wait too long to use stock then we have an equity overhang. So I think – what we’ve tried to do, Michael, is to be balanced here. I think Peter’s commentary from time to time is just to highlight the opportunity on the stock price performance. Hopefully, it catches the attention of investors. While we do our job to execute the business and do it as best we can to grow cash flows in a prudent way and fund it in a reasonable way with both debt equity as well as proceeds from dispositions. So yes, I think on average, we’ve done a pretty good job being mindful of that overall challenge and opportunity in front of us. We are making money as we invest our capital at the price points that we have raised both debt equity as well as recycling capital from dispositions. So there’s a balance we need to navigate that I think you’re pointing out.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, that’s important, too. And Michael, you might remember this from Investor Day, we had touched on just looking back at how much equity do we – common equity do we use to fund our growth. We all know that at our leverage profile at a stabilized basis, an asset might require 65-plus percent of equity, the remainder being debt funded. And if you compare that to what we’ve done historically, we’re actually only using about 40% to 42% of common equity to fund growth. And what that’s highlighting is tremendous cash flow is being reinvested in the business, which for $22 million is north of $300 million, but we’re also taking advantage of recycling capital from high-value, low cap rate partial interest transactions and then EBITDA growth gives us some incremental benefit as well. So I think that also just highlights that we’re being very disciplined in our approach, trying to minimize the amount of common equity we issue while being mindful. We want to keep our balance sheet in a super strong position.
Dean Shigenaga: So the acquisitions have been driving almost every quarter, face rate declines in reported occupancy. But if you strip that out, Michael, pretty consistently every quarter or 2, we're driving growth in overall occupancy. As an example, we highlighted in 2021, we had a 100 basis point increase in occupancy, if you exclude vacancy from recently acquired properties. And I think I highlighted in my commentary that we do expect, if you put any future acquisitions to decide that we can't model because we're not aware of them, we're expecting 150 basis point growth in occupancy in 2022. And I would suspect that given the tailwinds for our business and our portfolio here, that could continue looking out beyond '22 as well.
Dean Shigenaga: Tom, it’s Dean here. There are projects beyond that 2.6 million square feet that is currently disclosed at 89% lease negotiating. So those are the projects that could start over the next 6 quarters. In addition, to be real clear here, we expect the potential for other starts. But we just wanted to highlight in these disclosures here that we’ve got a very active pipeline under either leased or advanced negotiations. It just highlights how much we’re working closely with our relationships to meet their current and future space needs.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. Tom, it’s Steve here. Certainly, on the demand side, and we’ve said this now probably for a couple of years that it is broad-based in each of our core clusters. So it’s not just 1 or 2 clusters with a proportion contribution. So Joel touched on what’s happening on a research triangle, that’s very encouraging, very healthy demand in Maryland and Seattle as well. And then certainly, San Diego, San Francisco and Greater Boston, very healthy there. So on the demand side, absolutely broad-based, and we continue to see that going forward in the future as well.
Stephen Richardson: Yes. I’m not sure I would characterize it as new markets, Tom. I think what we’ve done is either 1 double down literally in our core markets. I mean, look at 325 Binney as an example, here in Cambridge. Certainly, what’s happened. Peter referenced the projects down in San Diego and Tory Pines. And then the second aspect of it is really expanding through adjacent expansions, but no real kind of new greenfield core markets as we’ve talked about this broad-based demand.
Stephen Richardson: Well, for our large cap bio and pharma companies, it's actually 1% to 2%. And then the kind of the mid-cap is in the 5% to 6% range.
Stephen Richardson: Sure. Yes. In Mission Bay, might know, we had a significant influx of technology with Uber establishing a 4-building million square foot campus there. So the combination of not only UCSF as a center of learning there, but waterfront location. Now the Chase Center really did make that very desirable for technology companies -- and a lot of those other elements are true when you look at all of the attributes of our mega campuses in San Diego, Seattle, certainly Cambridge and Greater Boston as well. So -- and then you have -- and Joel mentioned this too, you've got the integration of science and technology, really spawning new companies and new growth, and those are all happening in each of our clusters.
