Steve Richardson: Hello, this is Steve and today I’ll review the key trends on the West Coast in the Seattle, San Francisco and San Diego cluster markets. Starting north to south, Seattle, the University of Washington continues to expand and they’ve broken ground in South Lake Union on 450,000 square feet of Life Science space. This is on the hills of Amazon a very significant expansion in the same area which includes job openings now for more than 3,000 workers. As we’ve seen in our other core cluster markets, the life science and technology companies are converging with one another in the absolute best location to attract the highest quality talent possible. This area, the South and East Lake Union area where we’ve historically aggregated our assets is a very strong vital and dynamic cluster compared to other submarkets were lab buildings have struggled and have been vacant for a long period of time and are actually forcing the landlords to pursue desperate measures in the market. The key CBD life science clusters remain solid with lease rate for new space in the mid40 triple net range and vacancies of just 1.5% in the Lake Union area and little vacancy in the First Hill area. Finally the 1551 East Lake project that Joel referenced is proceeding very well and we’re pleased to report we’ve got 51% pre-leased as of today. Moving down the coast to San Francisco, the technology sector continues to drive top line growth in absorption into the third quarter stretching from the Soma area south of market down to Silicon Valley. UCSF continues to make significant investment in Mission Bay with the hospital steel structure clearly defining the magnitude of this multi-billion dollar investment. The Stanford submarket is now quite strong with single digit vacancy and lease rate in the low 30s to low 40s for second generation space. Additionally, VMware’s purchase of the Roche site in the Stanford Research Park removed a total of a 1,000,000 square feet of life science product from the inventory and that will further tighten the metrics. South San Francisco as we’ve reported in the past continues to lag with a 14% vacancy rate and we do remain cautious as lease rates continue to hover in the low to mid30s. Steady progress fortunately is being made at East Jamie Court project with approximately 44% at lease now and 20% in serious discussions. And specifically with East Jamie Court, we have three separate letters of intents with tenants. They’re evaluating those closely. The regional team is in constant contact with the decision-makers and the brokers involved in the process and we do have an existing tenant who is already interested in exploring expansion possibilities based upon a partnering transaction that they’re getting very close to. Moving up to Mission Bay, we have 1% direct vacancy excluding a couple small retail suites and the details there include a 1500 Owens where are now fully leased with UCSF expansion for the fourth time in the building. We’re finalizing an expansion for 4,000 square feet on the first quarter of 455 Mission Bay Boulevard South. And finally we’re finalizing an expansion for 24,000 feet in that building where tenant will look to pay for an option to keep the space off the market until early 2013 as they wait an important milestone. 499 Illinois is in full marketing campaign mode and tours and preliminary discussions include the following: we’ve just had a tour with a very strong technology company and their advisers. They’re closely evaluating 499 as an alternative. We do expect fuller tours with their teams and advisers during the next month or so. We’ve just received an RFP from an emerging stage technology company. We’ll be carefully revealing that as well. And then finally, we have ongoing preliminary discussions with two institutional quality life science users. These are very serious users. They have limited options in the market for large blocks of life science space and have acknowledged and recognized the value of 499 Illinois. Finally, moving southward to San Diego, the market as we’ve noted recently again is very healthy, particularly in the Torrey Pines cluster. They can see us in the 9% range and lease rates have improved by 10% or 15% during the past 12 to 18 months to the mid to high 30s triple net. We really see demand being driven there by two segments, one, industrial biotech including the biofuels segment and two, maturing biotech companies. Right now, we’re tracking approximately 300,000 square feet of requirements in the market and expect to capture a little more than our fair share of this demand. With that, I’ll hand it over to Dean.
Steve Richardson: Yeah, this is Steve. We’re on track. We’re in a full marketing campaign mode. As I noted, we’ve had tours. There is live genuine activity in the market. We do need to complete the warm-up process. So I think we’re talking about a mid-2012 occupancy target.
Steve Richardson: Yeah, we continue to view New York as a really strong market. We had one opportunity this week that had a time issue that was pretty sizeable and pretty exciting that we did have to let pass and not take on but it was quite interesting. We do have two requirements that are external that are both institutional and one internal for substantial expansion for New York when we decide to kick off the West Tower which is 400,000 square feet. So that’s really – what will determine that is really the capital that will fund it and we clearly would want to move those opportunities to signed leases and have over 50%. At the moment, none of that is in our current 2012 plan.
Steve Richardson: Yeah. We’re making good progress there. I just returned on Friday from both of our projects there in China. We’re having serious discussions with a significant anchor tenant for the South China project that we’re feeling optimistic about and then have continued detailed conversations with a couple of key users for the North China project. More to come on those but these are substantive discussions with real users with requirements.
Steve Richardson: Yeah. I think the tenants really. And we alluded to this with the institutional tenants in Mission Bay, I mean, they need to be next to UCSF, they need to be next to MIT, they want to be on the Torrey Pines bluff, they want to be in the South Lake Union. So to the extent, you’ve got relatively healthier tight markets even though there’s a large credit tenant that we try to exert their credit worthiness for lower lease rates, their desire to be there versus the market that they had sub-leased space under lease rates. They’re going to choose the location versus the economic. So I think that really provides a nice floor and as Joel said, maybe we don’t actually have higher annual steps but we end up with longer lease rates as well so you’ve got the security of a long-term lease rate, then the obvious gap benefit of that annual increase.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, let me – Hi, Jay, it’s Joel. Let me comment on that it would be our goal to see that maybe approaching to $200 million to $250 million if we’re successful. But clearly we can’t assume that.
Joel Marcus: No. And in fact we’ve had discussions with them as late as yesterday. Some things we can’t share with you because they aren’t public. They did file an 8-K today on their small layoff. We know where that’s coming from but it is not affecting their operation that we’re involved with. I’ll ask Amanda to comment on Illumina because I think there is a certainly misunderstanding about – broadly about kind of what’s going on there.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, and I think Tony as far as the phase that they are taking, they have reiterated the time schedule and the space and we don’t see any changes in that whatsoever.
Joel Marcus: Yeah from a GAAP perspective, you’re right. Roughly speaking if you add 1.7 million on top, roughly I think the GAAP rate was around $36. Effectively what happened was when we originally purchased the property it was subject to a 15 month leaseback. As you are well aware 45 days later we executed the lease with Illumina for the campus and they had the desire to be in the project much sooner. So we went back to Biogen and try to figure out how to get space back sooner so we can meet and accelerate the delivery Illumina’s benefit. We were able to achieve that not all at once but over time and so the 15-month shrunk. From a pure accounting perspective, it required the re-estimate of the amortization period of the 141 revenue under a shortened timeframe, which resulted in $1.7 million of higher GAAP rent income in the third quarter. That really worked through the process as we were trying to figure out exactly what that estimated delivery date would have been for Illumina to take the space. And as we took the space back from Biogen, we were able to figure out the exact timeframe which really is the reason for not a whole lot of clarity until it happened.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. Something’s – Tony, I didn’t do the math but something a little unusual from a yield perspective on a GAAP basis during Biogen’s occupancy, it was not originally targeted that way because we thought we had a 15-month deal. But you’re right, the acceleration or shortening of their lease term resulted in an increase in GAAP rent resulting later after Biogen ruled out and Illumina took occupancy in a normalized run rate going forward, and I think I provided that number at $38 and some change in the supplemental.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. Again, I did use the word preliminary, Tony, so I do want to say that again. But right now, they have no other alternatives. I mean 1700 Owens is essentially fully leased. 1500 Owens now is fully leased with UCSF expanding for the fourth time. 455 is now fully leased or committed. So as far as high quality life science space for laboratory users, there really is no other alternative down there in Mission Bay.
Joel Marcus: No. These particular types of users really don’t have an option. Going down to South San Francisco isn’t particularly viable, so I think it’s just a matter of time.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I’ll ask Steve to comment broadly on China and then I will on India, just generally about kind of where we are in today.
Joel Marcus: Now in the North China project, we’re working to try to finish that and there will be additional investment in the build out. What’s emerged is a possible institutional/governmental entity that could take a floor more in North China together with potentially a North American client. And then in South as Steve said we are on the (inaudible) of having a major anchor tenant there that’s a credit western pharma kind of company. Probably the bulk of those funds will flow into India primarily in two submarkets. One submarket with one major tenant which is one of our top tenants who is doing. Or in the process of delivering a project to them right now and there would be several follow on will actually paces. And so that’s been the bulk of our focus in India and we continue to invest and try to have a number of key land parcels and kind of to build that suite approach. As we said I think on previous calls, our benchmark for on and after tax basis is to try to be about 500 basis points above what we could get on the development here in the U.S. and we think we will be able to achieve that. China is hard to say at this point. I think it can be – we’re still in that target area.
Joel Marcus: Sure, Johnny. I think this is filed out in this supplemental as well as last and it was almost in a transition right over our second quarter earnings. So, we were able to provide limited information at that time. But basically MaRS a nonprofit entity in Toronto that did Phase I and affiliate of MaRS where we moved in forward with Phase II and Phase II development in Toronto that we had originally anticipated doing. And you can actually find their press release on their own website so this information is available, but basically we executed a ground lease within affiliate to allow them to move forward. MaRS has announced commitments with two institutional anchor tenants along with attractive financing from infrastructure in Ontario. So from Alexandria’s perspective we have no financial obligations related to the construction or the financing of the project and we expect ground rents to commence with the completion of construction of the building.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, we have helped you – give you a brief description on what we actually had invested into the project. The original structure was the ground lease from MaRS. We then invested into design and soft cost as well as a lot of hard construction to go below grade for a parking garage. The foundation in structure to support the building, and we kept it off right at street level. MaRS will finish the project from that point. So we had roughly somewhere in the $80 million range invested in the project. And, the way this work is – do we had a basically a 99 year at least, we get it back roughly in 49 years. And rentals begin upon completion of the building and step over time. Ultimately we get a modest return on this ground rent. I wouldn’t say it was the most attractive ground lease structure, but we do get a nice single digit return on our investment. But again it won’t happen for a few years, probably 2013 or later.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, everything is being passed through. So now, we’re no longer responsible for operating cost or the ground.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. That’s a good question, then maybe I just pulled out the top 20 in some of the – at the risk of elongating this call a little bit. Let me just run through. I think the answer is we don’t have real exposure in a real meaningful sense. I mean Novartis is one, Lilly is two, Roche is three, FibroGen just moved to four. They are very well financed private company with a potential huge blockbuster drug that is a new motive administration. Illumina is number five. Amanda’s talked about that. The government is six. And those are long term non-cancellable leases other than one lease which comes to an end next year. Bristol-Myers, Glaxo, MIT. Even if the NIH budget is cut, MIT will still dominated with very high quality opportunities. NYU-Neuroscience Research Institute. It’s been fully endowed by a huge hedge – a billionaire of hedge fund, so there’s no exposure. Alnylam’s a public biotech company. Gilead, Amylin all – and I think really are not NIH based. Pfizer 14, Theravance 15. 16 would be the one that Scripps Research, they garner a lot of NIH money. Remember, I said it’s (inaudible) grants though it’s something happened in fiscal 2013, what they have today would be fine through a number of years but then new grant starting in ‘13 and beyond might impact them so they potentially downstream. Quest Diagnostics, 17 now. Forrester is 18. They’re moving out, so they’re out of there. Infinity is a public biotech company not subject and The Regents of the University California. I would say these are – the bulk of these are like clinical and non-NIH grant type uses that we have. I’d say out of the top 20, probably the only one that would have real exposure would be beyond Illumina that you’ve seen. Although Illumina’s competitors have far less exposure life cryogen and my guess is that Illumina will work itself in to that position where it has I think today amounted 25% NIH exposure or something.
Joel Marcus: Okay. My guess is they’re going to work that down so they’re going to have a lot less like the others do, but I would say scripts would be the only one.
Joel Marcus: Yeah, in our world in each of the kind of critical submarkets we’re in, they’re not that we can sell. I think the one area that could be would be long with medical center which the multiple Harvard hospitals there garner a large amount of NIH budget. So that could be one area, but in the rest of our markets that we know of, we have very few tenants that really garner huge amounts that are dependent on leasing facilities as it relates to NIH budget cuts. And remember, the 2012 budget should be at least – if it’s down, it’s only going to be down $190 million.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. And so the 2013 in my guess is even if this automatic budget cut happens because these guys can agree by November 22nd, my guess is that government – I mean Obama has been on this soap box and a lot of people have, they’re going to probably find a way to restore that because of the need for leadership in this area for the country. So, if not a controversial issue, it just happens to get caught up in this budget debacle.
Joel Marcus: I think actually it kind of works the opposite way to the extent that a tenant has a pricing power they’re more likely to be stringent on rental rate increases. Give you an example, both ourselves and Boston Properties are building state-of-the-art facilities for Biogen Idec in Cambridge. They’re really tough. They had two companies, not so much competing but they were doing similar projects and so they have some pricing power. They could go – they could have stayed where they are or done some other things. So they kind of work both parties against each other in a sense and so where you’ve got the bigger safe and the bigger pricing power sometimes you have a tougher time negotiating more upside on the annual steps but I think where you’ve got a multi-tenant building and you’ve got floor users or smaller space is actually much easier to achieve that three or three plus. I don’t know. Steve, you can comment what’s in your market.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So he didn’t get the recruiting letter yet. Yes, Steve initially – while we continue to manage the bay area and over time, we will look to have a new market leader there so that’s something we have to work on during the coming quarters. And much as Jim’s role was and Jim and Steve are not related for reference. Really, the first initial focus is really detailed effort in each of our regions because we spent a lot of time in each of the regions. We’re a very hands-on management team. I think that’s why we’ve been able to I think execute on developments, re-development leasing things like that and keep a very stable workforce. So I think that’s and that’s a big part of what Jim did and I think you’ll see initially that’s where Steve’s effort will be. I think it’s pretty clear Steve’s been with the company more than a decade. The board is very comfortable with him, obviously. I am too and so we view Steve as a very important person on a go forward basis. But I think what distinguishes Alexandria from most other companies, maybe there’s a few at the very large end that have pretty large management teams. But I think in the mid-cap and certainly for others, I think we have a senior management team, maybe a 12 to 15 people virtually all of whom who’ve been with the company more than a decade which is pretty unusual who operate very – operate in a – both in an independent but in a real effective reporting fashion and I think that’s very unusual to have that depth and quality of management. And there’s any number of people who could step up and take on much more heavy lifting and so, we’re very fortunate and blessed I think with that.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you. And one last one, just coming back to the dispositions and not at all focused on 2012 guidance. But just a little bit of color please. I presume that what you’re talking about, aside from maybe a couple of assets in the Boston Suburbs, I would presume we’re talking about North Carolina and Suburban New Jersey or Philadelphia. And so if you could comment just qualitatively in terms of what might be non-core and proudly speaking in terms of cap rates you might execute out. Thank you.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think you also – yeah, I don’t think you can assume anything. I think we’re looking at a variety of structures. And so let me beg of by saying stay tuned and hopefully for the next quarter or so we’ll be able to elucidate that in a more detailed fashion.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Joel Marcus: In the sense of ranking against what else?Dave Rodgers – RBC Capital Markets: I guess you got preferred as an option, common equity...
Joel Marcus: Yeah, fair enough. I’d say it ranks at the top.Dave Rodgers – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.John Stewart – Green Street Advisors: Yes, thank you.
Joel Marcus: We did not, but I think you can assume that I think on a caller two ago we basically said we’re in the mid to high-seven and that’s kind of where it is. So if we were to turn around and build that building and sell it, we think although that wouldn’t necessarily be our favorite kind of development yield, we think we could achieve a six or sub-six on that asset, so there is a decent spread there.
Joel Marcus: Oh, I’m sorry, okay the big one, well as maybe has been said, I think on the Boston Property’s call there is at least one and maybe big tech users that are looking for sizeable space there is a big pharma user that’s looking for sizeable space. There are number of big players so the answer would be, we certainly don’t have that in our 2012 go-forward game plan but something had emerge that would be sizeable as opposed to people looking for a floor or two. And this is maybe one of the only places they could go that would make sense so I would say we’re working on those things but we have nothing that’s definitive at this point.
Joel Marcus: Yeah. I mean, we have – virtually we’re working on the final two building design. We’re working infrastructure so we can move very quickly.
Joel Marcus: Okay. Well, sorry we ran a little over today or a lot over today. Thanks for the very, very good questions and we appreciate your time and attention. Thanks again.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah. Actually, it’s – just to clarify, you’re right, Tony, in total, 83 over five quarters. It’s about $20 million in the fourth quarter and 62 projected for next year. And we are anticipating delivery of some space soon, so you do see some dollars maybe at a little higher rate than what we have incurred on average for 2011. So you’ll see that soon and that’ll probably come out on both markets soon, both India and China.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, Michael, I don’t have that schedule in front of me but let me try to – if we turn to page 46 and 47, I’ll try to give everybody some – a better depth to the question you asked. John Hopkins is 100% leased and it’s a second quarter ‘12 delivery date. Campus Point is a little bit of split between 4Q, 1Q over the next one or two quarters with the other half being fourth quarter of ‘12. Nancy Ridge was just the next asset on the schedule, is at least first half ‘12 on the lease component. 400 Technology Square is late in the year for ‘12, 215 is small and we passed on that. Basically that one will be delivered shortly. Quadrangle’s first half of ‘12, 9800 Medical Center is a fourth quarter of ‘12. As you move off to the development schedule, 5200 Research Place is a fourth quarter delivery. Illinois with a fourth quarter assumption for the lease up and East Jamie, I believe I gave 25 and 25 in 3Q and 4Q. So it’s really back end of the fourth quarter weighted.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, that’s a real relevant question, Tony, let me see if I’ve got a schedule that goes out beyond that and it’s not perfect because I’ve got a development schedule that looks at all development.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah it is right in that 8% range and I would say if I had to guess just looking on the delivery they provided you somewhere approaching 20% has yet fully to come in and that number could be bigger. I mean we could just run these estimates mid-quarter assumptions on the information I provided. I just don’t have that breakdown with me.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, you framed it well Michael, it’s the latter. So the $300 million on page 43 $300 million of active redevelopment basis – development basis of $190 million the basis I’m referring to sits in there. It also includes spend-to-complete.
Dean Shigenaga: All right. That is true on a few of the assets but I think where it’s probably more relevant. I mean even if you think that could be less, three, four, five years, Michael, we’ve seized capitalization on a variety of projects and brought them back into operating load where all the carry costs go to the P&L. We talked a little bit about China as an example today. One of the projects will likely seize capitalization shortly which will absorb the carry costs to the P&L and part of the building will be leased as well, so not all of it will fall to the bottom. And so, there are small assets like that that will contribute a little bit to hit to FFO as the operating costs drop to the bottom line.
Dean Shigenaga: It is – pushing back the bond assumption is a positive or accretive adjustment to FFO. The impact if you were to move this up to one-one of the year, if I recall correctly, it’s not quite $0.13, Michael. May we go to the math offline but I believe it’s closer to something like – and I, oh, I guess what I should be saying the difference between your analysis at $0.13 and I think our underlying assumption is that the latest – there’s another assumptions that goes with a bond offering in our model. And that is the retirement of our 2012 term loans. So those two go hand-in-hand. The net impact of those two assumptions moving. I think net out a few pennies a quarter, maybe $0.03, $0.035.
Dean Shigenaga: The line is a little more expensive, but ultimately, Michael, one of two things will occur with the $500 million new term loan. Initially, we’ll retire the line balance outstanding and reduce it. That pricing is about 2.3% over one month (inaudible), so there is a benefit there. Ultimately it will either take out 250 term loan or bonds will take out the 250 term loan. But short-term you’ll get roughly 80 basis point benefit.
Dean Shigenaga: Yeah, by and large. And I think just broadly speaking, the different mix of capital until we get to the fourth quarter.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: Good. Thank you. Good afternoon. Dean, thank you for the details regarding the redevelopment and development NOI. If we can just go into detail just in terms of the ins and outs of how that – the cost associated with that amount. And I think you broke out just between the development and redevelopment was about $34 million out of the call it $45 million of NOI and then I guess there were some that had been recently completed. But can you walk through – you really compared this 4Q to 4Q. What sort of percentage of that NOI comes online in the fourth quarter? And then first, second, third and fourth, it sounded like some of it was coming earlier than the fourth quarter of next year.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: And then as you total this, so it was $34 million and then you had 7 Triangle and recent development stuff was another $4 million, so $38 million in total and then the balance was same-store and acquisition, what does that NOI upon full stabilization grow to? Because I think you had also talked that let’s say for Torrey Pines, you’re only assuming it’s 20% leased, it was only $1.2 million. Obviously the full NOI contribution is going to – if you lease it up, it’s going to start hitting later years. But I’m just trying to understand the magnitude of this NOI.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: And then how much when you’re talking about $500 million or high $400 million of cost investment when you look on page 43 of your supplemental you have $604 million that you’ve spent on development and redevelopment. Is that not that the high $400 million you’re talking about is that all captured in this $600 million? Or has some of it already been transferred to operation or vice versa? Is money to be spent over the next 12 months that eventually will contribute to NOI to next year? Just trying to put all the pieces together.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: Okay. I have this last question before I leave the floor. The 120 that you’re talking about for fourth quarter of next year, that still going to – I mean if you end up issuing the bonds to that point, that 120 is going to come down, right? I mean that’s still going to have dilution from refinancing and doing your debut bond offering.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: So when you look at the street right now, which is at $1.21 for the fourth quarter, the lower guidance effectively in your guys’ eyes is more a reflection of the development and redevelopments not contributing until later in the year versus earlier in the year in which case the run rate into 2013 should state relatively the same and you should feel relatively comfortable where the street is at for 2013.
Michael Jason Bilerman – Citi: Okay. And for the supplemental, I think one of the things that would help going forward to bridge this gap is on page 46 and 47 is they actually have the (inaudible) invested today, your gross potential investment targeted yield. In that way, and also a little bit more clarity on as to when in the year those projects are coming online so that going forward, there won’t be this disconnect between what the street is thinking and what you guys are thinking in terms of development and redevelopment given that it’s such a substantial part of your business and I’ll get off soapbox.
