Joel Marcus: Thank you, Paula, and welcome, everybody to our second quarter call. With me here today are, Jenna Foger, Peter Moglia, Steve Richardson and Dean Shigenaga. We want to welcome all to this second quarter call and also as I always try to do to recognize and thank the entire Alexandria family team for one of the best quarters in the entire history of the company with an operational tempo really like none other, while working virtually for many of us for most of the past, now we into our second year of COVID. Michael Jordan once said some people want it to happen, some people wish it to happen, others make it happen. Alexandria makes it happen. We are deeply mission-driven and thankful for all that we do and urge you to read about many of our important programs and activities in the corporate social responsibility area in our press release. For a moment keys to the second quarter, historic high demand for Alexandria's lab space and our critical lab operations, which go along with that. Alexandra is at the vanguard of meeting the historic and high unprecedented demand from many of our more than 750 tenants for growth needs now, and a critical path for future growth very importantly. Fundamental drivers of demand are the strongest we've ever seen. Rental rate growth continues unabated and no excess supply on the horizon at this time. We're very proud that we've got almost 7% quarter-to-quarter per share FFO growth, more than 40% rental rate growth, almost 18% NOI growth, almost 8% same store NOI growth and a $1.3 billion plus annual NOI run rate, not to mention about $545 million in incremental revenue in our development and redevelopment pipeline. Alexandria truly has a demonstrable pricing power advantage in each of our cluster markets. And when the Life Science tenants choose, they almost always prefer Alexandria's lab space and our operational excellence based on our critical lab operations. Nature, a biotechnology magazine back in April wrote the following; 2020 was a year that smashed many records, biotech savior role in the pandemic, attractive a stampede of private and public investors alike. The pandemic apparently reinforced the requirement for long term value based investors of any kind to have exposure to life sciences. And life science demand has in fact, at an all-time high as the world has recognized the importance of next generation therapies to solve current and future really difficult healthcare challenges, and Jen will talk a bit more about it.
Joel Marcus: Maybe it's best to amend that word, selective, and think about it as being a bit more patient. We've had -- if you just look at the quality of deals we've done, we don't change our underwriting. We don't change our focus. It hasn't changed for a very long time. We look at -- if you look at the two big deals we did this year, both were aimed at, one, creating a new submarket in Boston and the other was extending the Alexandria Center for Life Science at Kendall Square. Both of those to meet kind of historic high demand. But we're mindful of the overall capital markets. So I think we're being just a bit of a slower pace, but I wouldn't say the selectivity or the change in the underwriting or how we do things, or what we do is any way shape or form changed.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think one has to just be mindful that if you look at -- we’re probably at a historic high with GDP right now. We're probably peaking. And it's just hard to know where the market might go. So we're just going to be careful about, stepwise about how we do things. We also have no anticipation of when -- I think Dean said this pretty clearly. We don't know when an owner is going to bring an asset to market. And so that oftentimes drives decisions as to the 750 tenants, many of whom have active current requirements and many of whom want a path to future growth. So we just have to be -- maybe the best word to use is judicious rather than selective and that's not necessarily parsing words. So I think we're just going to be judicious about how we go forward. There's only so many big acquisitions one can continue to do and that actually exists. So I think the market will determine that.
Joel Marcus: So I'm going to ask Steve to comment. But I would say we're always worried about everything. I think when you look at -- and we're fans of Jim Collins. We always have productive paranoia. And so we're always -- every day we wake up, we assume nothing and we have to prove everything. And so I don't think it has to do with our not or our not worrying or so forth. But I think if you look in each of the key markets, you look in the Bay Area, you look at the Greater Boston area, the supply chart really is focused out several years. It's not focused on '21, '22 or even '23. You start to see bigger blips, for example, Kilroy's capability to do large scale projects in the Oyster Point area in South San Francisco. Pretty large numbers but those are out quite a number of years. They're also at a disadvantage because they have a substandard location to kind of the gateway location. But Steve, do you want to comment on kind of on the supply overall issue? I think you have a good perspective on that.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So, pretty broad, Sheila, and not based on any single one. But Steve, you could -- or Peter, you can give some view on that, on the uptick.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So, that's a really good question, and welcome to the call, Tony. This is a kind of a historic biotech bull market. It's really been going into its seventh year, which is pretty historic. I think, which gives us good comfort is on the private side, a number of the venture firms -- quite a number of the venture firms have raised record amounts of money, and those funds usually take multiple years to invest two, three, sometimes four. And so, that's going to give a runway to private companies, let's say there was a black swan event or something forbid happens that just causes the market to sell off pretty drastically. I think we're very fortunate. As Dean said, we have a historically high credit profile in our asset base. So, that's good. I think the companies that would be most at risk would be newly public companies now that are outside of the private venture or private equity financing. They're public now. And if the markets shut down, they have capital, they'll have to adjust their burn rate and be careful because they won't be able to go back to the capital market. So, I think that -- we saw that in '08 and '09. It was the newly public companies, companies that were preclinical particularly or in the clinic and needed a number of years of runway. So, that would be a downside scenario. But as I said, I think for -- at least for the coming couple of coming quarters, we see a pretty steady flow of capital. We don't see any interruption. But, you never know. If China decides to make Taiwan like Hong Kong or something like that and decide to reunify, that could cause the markets to certainly freeze up. I mean, they're already attacking a lot of the tech companies and so forth. So, I think, China remains a huge question as to the impact on the market and what their intention is.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think what is true of this industry for a long time, and I've said this for a long time, the life science clusters generally take a generation to grow, 25 years or more. And we see, for instance, New York’s now just into the 12th year of that gestation period. And because of the density of players, the ecosystem being collaborative and cooperative as opposed to tech, which is more a little bit those guys like to be more isolated, there's an employee base there. Most companies looking to expand are opting to stay in the existing markets. I do not see and have not seen, and Steve or Peter can certainly comment, any big move toward new markets or other locations. Obviously, if somebody wants to go somewhere, I mean, we'll look at it and we'll think about it, but it's got to be a pretty convincing and persuasive situation.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think if you look at this quarter's results, you would ask the question why would you ever want to or need to. We spent time in India and exited India, realized that the Indian Supreme Court invalidated the Gleevec patent and so novel research just isn't going on there. We have one remaining project in China, which is partially leased up. We compete against government properties that get free rent for three years for Chinese tenants. So, that's not a really great market to grow in. I mean, Europe is fine, but it still is, by and large, their socialized medicine system. So, not a place you would think about booming R&D. So, we're very happy with the markets we're in and with our current operational view of things, Jamie.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I'll have Peter comment on Long Island City. We're not 100% leased there. That's been a slower lease-up than we would have wanted, partially in due to what happened with Amazon and so forth kind of put a chill on that submarket overall. We're working with the city right now going through a process. And I would just say, stay tuned there. I think, New York is the one market that brokers tout like this big demand, but the reality is the demand is much less. And the demand is primarily organic companies that are starting up, being formed, spinning out. You don't see any big companies moving to New York for obvious reasons, high taxes, governance issues to some extent. And just it's an expensive place to be. So, we're doing great at our center. But, it's a tough market. It's a heavy lift market. You really have to create the entities that stay there, and we've helped do that over the last decade. But it's different than Boston, which is experiencing record high boom. So, just fundamentally different.
Joel Marcus: Yes. The answer is yes. One, it's still, in the early days; number two, because it's more integrated with the research and development side, they will tend to be either at the same location or nearby as opposed to a random manufacturing, if this was just normal synthetic chemistry pills and so forth. You could put it anywhere. You could put it in overseas or in any state. But, I think you'll see these will be much more integrated with the R&D function. And so, my guess is, the clusters as they are today, will be mostly benefited as opposed to other regions.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well, I think, it depends on the stage of scale-up. But, in the early clinical, preclinical and clinical, you could see that being a part of the R&D effort. But then, when it goes to full scale, you could see that being in adjacent locations. I mean, Moderna's example is a great example. They did a lot of work inside Tech Square, but then they rebuilt their plant in Norwood, et cetera. So I think that's not -- although that's a vaccine, but that's somewhat emblematic of what you could see happen.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, the clusters that would benefit more are the really established clusters, obviously, the Boston market, San Francisco, Seattle, San Diego, Maryland, RTP, I mean, the ones that we're focused in. I think, secondary markets probably wouldn't do as well because you also need skilled workforce and you just don't find them. You're not going to find them in Charleston, South Carolina, per structure. Although that's a great place to be.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So maybe, Peter, let Dean take it first and then maybe you can kind of add the color around that.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Tom, I think, what has distinguished Research Triangle for many years, it was kind of a 50-year-old backwater place that few companies went to and had a -- was a nice place to be. And then over the last number of years, it's emerged as a really powerhouse cluster. I mean, Apple is just now taking a gigantic stake down there. And I think what people see is, what they're looking at other places in the United States, people see a great quality of life, a modest cost environment, beautiful place anchored by three world class institutions and a really, really great workforce. So, we're seeing the incoming -- I mean, we kicked off the Beam next-gen manufacturing project. That's a company that's in Cambridge, but they came to us for their next-gen manufacturing gene therapy aimed at cancers and sickle cell, et cetera. And that was the best place because of the workforce. So, I think that, to me, has been the hallmark of that market. Great place to be, live, work, play, and really talented people, which you just can't find everywhere.
Joel Marcus: Just to say thank you, everybody. And we look forward to talking to you on the third quarter earnings call. Take care. Be safe. God bless.
Steve Richardson: Thank you, Jenna. I'd like to take a step back at the start of my comments and provide some historical context for the accelerating demand, which really translates into leasing at warp speed for Alexandria's mega campuses. At Alexandria's Annual Investor Day during December 2017, we presented a bold framework to nearly double the company's annual rental revenues from a little more than $800 million to $1.5 billion by the end of 2022. We are pleased to share those annualized revenues for Q2 2021 are in fact in excess of $1.5 billion, and so the Alexandria team has accomplished this lofty goal in an accelerated time frame more than one year sooner than anticipated. The company has also grown from a mission critical operating asset base and development pipeline of 29 million square feet at the end of 2017 to a total of 62 million square feet at the end of Q2 2021. Truly exceptional growth, more than doubling the footprint of the company, and importantly, concentrated in our core clusters with disciplined execution, enabling the continuation of high quality cash flows. And as we fielded questions during the 2020 as to whether the healthy leasing activity for Alexandria's mega campus platform was perhaps a short term blip driven by COVID-19, the second quarter of this year's leasing volume of more than 1.9 million square feet, the highest quarterly leasing volume in the history of the company is again evidence of the company's unique position as a trusted partner to the growing life science industry, providing a durable and sustainable competitive advantage in the market. I'll go ahead and review a few of the exceptional highlights, including the following, leasing outperformance. As we just stated, the 1.9 million square feet lease represents the highest quarterly leasing activity during the 27 year history of the company. Truly leasing at warp speed. I'll direct you to Page 2 of the supplemental where it indicates the 3.4 million square feet under construction is 80% leased and the additional 3.6 million square feet anticipated to commence construction during 2021, 2022 is 89% leased and negotiating. So robust leasing and our growth pipeline provides exceptional clarity, and these projects in total will drive incremental revenues in excess of $545 million. We also have exceptional core results. Cash increases this quarter of 25.4% and GAAP increases of 42.4%. Occupancy remained very solid at 94.3% in the operating portfolio, which would have been 98.1% if we're not for the 1.4 million square feet of vacancy in recently acquired properties, which provide for near term incremental annual rental revenues in excess of $55 million. In market health, demand, as we've outlined, continues to accelerate and Alexandria is branded in highly desirable mega campuses. And supply does continue to be restrained during 2021 across all of our markets, and we do not see any disruptive large-scale projects delivering 2022, '23. We're closely evaluating Greater Boston's ground up pipeline, which is 56% leased. And in the San Francisco area, we are monitoring leasing activity at two or two ground-up lab projects. And as we've stated before, there have been no significant lab sublease spaces put in the market for several quarters now. So in conclusion, the first half of 2021 continues the very strong outperformance by Alexandria and our intent focus on operational excellence has positioned the company very well to enhance its industry leading brand. With that, I'll hand it off to Peter.
Steve Richardson: Look, we have been in these markets for more than two decades. We track this on a building-by-building parcel-by-parcel basis. So we have absolute granular information and insight on these projects. And just to add to what Joel said, when you look at Greater Boston in that pipeline, projects that actually have gone vertical that are under construction, more than half of that is already leased, and those will extend into 2022 and 2023. So when you look at that, you really don't see very significant pieces being added to the overall inventory from that basis. Other people may be talking about supply but again, four or five years out, inevitably, the markets will change. Office will always be an alternative for all of these new entrants as well. And then in the Bay Area, as Joel said, there's two or three projects we're monitoring. There is leasing activity there. So there is additional supply but we don't see large, disruptive, very large projects that are well under construction that have no leasing activity. So again, we do monitor it on a very granular basis and that's what we're seeing over the next year or two or even two and half years.
Steve Richardson: Yes. The mark-to-market, Sheila, it's Steve here, has actually increased over the past several quarters. We're roughly 23.5% on a mark-to-market basis across the entire portfolio. So, I think, that's clear evidence of the continued healthy demand and rent growth.
Peter Moglia: I think it's fair to say that there's been a tremendous amount of growth in rents. So that will help keep the returns buoyant, but with that has come a growth in the cost of land. There's been some, obviously, some cost increases that I just went over in my comments. But I think it's fair to say that our goal of development, redevelopment, having a minimum spread of 150 bps over exit cap rates will continue. And so that's a very important number for us. We often exceed that well over 200 bps in many cases. But yes, just the cost of capital is advantageous. So you can develop something to a six and it'd be very accretive, especially if you can sell it for a four.
Peter Moglia: I think we've got a number of scenarios that Dean and team have explored. But you're right, I mean the advantage or one of the great things about that acquisition is the ability to combine it with an existing property and create a 2 million square foot mega campus. Will that certainly contain new buildings? Whether they're all new and some are redeveloped is still to be undertaken or to be decided. But we're very comfortable with our basis there and we've got a lot of optionality with the existing buildings, but also our basis is good enough that if we take a couple down, we can build bigger ones at good yields.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Long Island, according to supplemental is 41% leased and -- 41% leased and under negotiation on page 38. So, that's actually -- the leased percentage went up 10%. So, we have started to make some progress. We meet weekly about demand there and the different companies we're talking to. Essentially, there's a lot of slow decision-making going on there. I don't know if it has to do with just the state of New York City and if people are wondering when COVID is going to not be as impactful to life there, could be one reason. But as Joel mentioned, it's definitely a market where we've had to almost create demand. It's very organic. The tenant prospects we're talking to are almost exclusively New York-created companies. And we're not getting a lot of help from in-migration. But, we are seeing everything and capitalizing on some. And admittedly, it's been a slow process, but we do think we'll get that stabilized in the near term.
Peter Moglia: Yes, Rich. I mean, I'm very confident in saying that if I made a few calls and said, hey, anything you like, want to make an offer? And the other party thought we'd sell anything that they wanted. There'd be a lot of them. So, we have been the ones that have selected what to sell. And obviously, we've done quite well. The typical profile is something that we have already really maxed the value out on at least in the near to medium to long term. So, it's a good time to monetize. But, it's fair to say that our whole portfolio is very attractive to many investors today given the shine on the life science industry.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I'm not getting -- not to give away too much secret sauce, but I -- last quarter I mentioned when I addressed the cost that we look at escalations in the 5% to 6% range right now. And that may not seem like a lot, but labor is fairly stable. So, these large commodity increases and with materials being about 30% of the project, you can get to a weighted average of about 5% to 6%. Now, that's -- that could be double what a normal year of escalations could be. In certain times, things obviously fluctuate. But we, along with our real estate development team, the underwriting team, communicate constantly about these things. So, we make sure we get them right. And the proof is in the pudding. The yields that we publish, we hit like pretty much 100%. So, other than that, we don't underwrite spikes in rents. I've talked about that before. We have a very good idea of what long-term growth looks like. We're probably more conservative than what actuals end up being, but that's great. Surprise the upside is always good. But yes, we're very comfortable with our current pipeline and the way we've underwritten it. And I think -- and I've been here for 23 years, been an underwriter for all that time and feel very comfortable with our process and that we'll continue to meet the numbers that we're publishing.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I can tell you that we're certainly above our rental assumptions, probably close to 10%. And then, we have definitely absorbed the vacancy faster than we had underwritten it. Yes, I give Joel a lot of credit. He definitely saw this trend coming towards RT when we made this deal and we've knocked it out of the park. It's really been great.
Peter Moglia: Demand. There's great demand there, and that campus itself has built-in amenities. It has existing space that some tenants have gone into. And we know that those tenants will need to expand.
