Joel Marcus: Thanks, Rhonda, and welcome everybody this second quarter call. With me today are Peter Moglia, Steve Richardson, and Dean Shigenaga. As all of you have seen from the press release we are pleased to have reported our second quarter FFO at 1.19 a share an increased in the mid point of our narrow 2014 guidance range $4.74 to $4.80. In the second quarter we have witnessed the very positive conversions of really more a key cyclical as well as structural factors which have resulted in exceptionally strong environment for our unique collaborative science and technology campuses in our great urban innovation clusters. And point we actually see exceptional opportunities, very strong tenant demand, increasing rents and occupancy and Alexandria is able to drive earnings and NAV growth therefore. We will at Investor Day in December set expectations for growth and 2015, as well as how our value added growth pipeline should evolve over the next two to three years. We will also detail our funding approach to our capital allocation in 2015 as the company continues to have the full range of capital sources available to it and if you look at -- take a glimpse of 2015 can be seen on page 50 of the supplement. Other macro comments let me share with you. We see continuing strong improvement in the life science industry’s ecosystem participants to be urban core clusters, Peter will talk about this in a minute, presences, really tertiary cluster locations outside of the key core urban clusters are really declining even if you have got a second tier academic or university nearby and Pfizer sale of three facilities and they are moved to the heart of Cambridge which again Peter will comment on in detail in a moment, really are the prime example we have witnessed the strong biotech and pharma capital markets performance over the last many months and solid profitability and lots of cash. As you know, record high FDA approvals of new drugs are with us plus the FDA review time is down from about 23.8 months as the high and 20.08 to right now about 9.4 months in 2013. When combined with the new breakthrough therapies designation and the new way of precision targeted medicines to treat serious life threatening illnesses and diseases, it's pretty clear that we’ve got substantial improvement over existing therapies and better targeting of medicines with fewer side effects. And of the six breakthrough therapies approved by the FDA, four Alexandria tenants Roche, Gilead, Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline. In the first half of 2014, in fact 143 digital health companies raised $2.3 billion or 168% growth over 2013, so another good factor. If you look at July 25, Wall Street Journal, they did a feature article on Google Acts, an important tenant of ours in the San Francisco Bay region and Google's so called New Moonshot project to human body was kind of elucidated in that article and simply stated it’s focused on not being restricted to specific diseases, using new diagnostic tools to collect a broad range of samples using Google's massive computing power defined biomarkers and patterns and then using these biomarkers to detect diseases much earlier than we ever have. So we’re on the new frontier of some pretty dramatic breakthroughs. We moved operations and internal growth and both Steve and Dean will talk about this. We’re certainly beating our occupancy and rental rate increase estimates and we’re in a strong environment given our urban locations. Leasing by region has been driving internal growth with 752,000 square feet lease this quarter, Greater Boston contributed 58%, San Francisco 13% and San Diego 12%. On external growth, you’ve seen the disclosure on the acquisition of 500 Townsend Street in the SoMa district of San Francisco in April adjacent to our Mission Bay cluster and really over time we think integrated well will help driver our continued growth in the city of San Francisco where we’ve successfully developed over 1 million square feet. I also direct your attention to page 27 of the supplement, our near term value add pipeline. It is the strongest it’s ever been in key multiple and innovation clusters and we’re very pleased about that. I'll leave the balance sheet comments this quarter to Dean and may be finish up on the dividend. The company will continue its policy to share increasingly strong cash flows with shareholders as we continue to maintain a low payout ratio, 61% this quarter. So I’m going to turn it over to Peter for some comments.
Joel Marcus: Yes and I think that’s a good thing because it’s become more mainstream and certainly cap rates have reflected that.
Joel Marcus: 3013, we’ve got the existing building that we’re saving the steel frame where we’ve got that 25% lease to a top tier life science company in that market and then for the other project we actually have a letter of intent for the entire 65,000 or so square feet for a long-term lease there. So all we have left would be about three floors on building that development.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think we're ahead of our own internal expectations, so I think that's reflected I the model that Dean just referred to. But I think you have to look at New York, again always in New York we are building a cluster there and so there is not, if not like Cambridge or San Francisco. But I'm very comfortable, we've got a number of tenants book big pharma and one very interesting entity that a non-profit that are looking that good blocks of space and we'll see. But a great market and I say rental rates are exceeding what we hope to get. So we are I think feeling pretty good about that.
Joel Marcus: And then for 2015, it’s really split among quite a number of regions, it’s about 1.1 million square feet which generally takes us about two quarters lease or sometimes in even one quarter, the largest is a suburban property in out in Route 128 and we are well on our way to working on a retenanting plan, we have got one or two tenants already until. So we feel pretty good about that there is a some phase that could be significantly up in tech square and kind of varied by region. I don’t know Steve any other color.
Joel Marcus: Well both, the West Tower is still the priority with four floors left and some under active discussions but no paper trading yet and then we are in discussions with the city on North parcel also.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think in my prepared remarks I mentioned, if you go to page 27 of the supplement, this is kind of the best way to visualize it. And if you go to the second half, the bottom half of that spread sheet, if you will, we find a LOI with alumina working on finalizing the lease that will kick off here pretty quickly and that will be delivered next year. We're in active discussions with two significant tenants in 6 Davis Drive. And my guess is that will probably kick off here in the second half of the year. Townsend, Steve can give you a quick update on that.
Joel Marcus: On Campus Point, we have a letter of intent with an existing tenant to take most of the new buildings and we expect that will move forward here over the next few months. Lake Union, we’ve got two parcels in play with multiple users, don’t know how that’s going to go but we think we have a shot, so I’ll reserve judgment on kind of the starts there. And then on 50, 60 and 100 Binney we’ve got a lot of activity on those parcels.
Joel Marcus: It’s possible. I think the strength of the Cambridge market might move us to go forward, we’re already -- we're doing site work right now. So I’d say stay tuned there.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I don’t think we’re ready to talk about anything. But I would say in general that we feel that we’ve got as I used the term exceptional prospects. I don’t know that I’ve ever used that before in all the conference calls I’ve done. So I think that with that clearly we want to keep our balance sheet in great shape. I think Dean’s report on the balance sheet is very comforting. So for us to be able to look at exceptional prospects and have another major source of capital to do things that we want to do and are greater than clusters gives us I think a big advantage. And so I think that just stay tuned. But we don't we're -- I wouldn't characterize that as giving up anything, I think we're gaining something very valuable. And we can move a number of projects ahead much more quickly than maybe we could on our own. And we are focused on again keeping both the NAV growth moving and very importantly our earnings growth moving, not only this year but well into next year in ‘16.
Joel Marcus: Yes I can ask Dean to comment from an aggregate. I think though the most important thing is that we try to cover the vast majority of our capital spend with both free cash flow and the generation of EBITDA from projects. And so to the extent that we can do that, Dean laid out I think a pretty nice slide on that.
Joel Marcus: So I think that’s how we think about that. At the same time, we are bringing down non-income producing assets as a percentage of total gross assets, funding our construction spend, really our spend on growth is really and this is just our own credit capital plan nothing is definitive yet till we give for sure guidance in December, but this is I think a handy way to think about it.
Joel Marcus: Yes, as I said. Thanks Sheila for the question. As I said last time and we've made comments on and maybe other places, of all the markets and the all the segments, this is the one that I think is most disappointing in a sense when we – they had the current vacancy rate in Longwood it's about 1%. But I think there has been this weird overhang of NIH not increasing the budget it was kind of little bit under the Budget Act from congress and then it got restore and it's kind of current run rate is about 30 plus billion dollars although I note that I think Tom Parkins I think Iowa just introduced the bill in Congress to raise it over, I think a five year period to 46 billion I don't know where that's going to go but that would be good. But I think the institution has got a little bit frightened, they're also a little bit nervous about where Obama Care is headed, because nobody really has been through that process. So I think their operating spend has been more conservatively managed while their capital spend certainly is going forward. So we've had a lot of interest in buying floors for condominiums. We've kind of put that off for the moment. We may return to that at some point if we decide to. But we do have some -- we do have current demand for two floors which we hope to resolve over the coming may be quarter or so. And then beyond that we got active discussions with the bunch of people but nothing to show up on the scoreboard yet. There is some pharma interest in Longwood although -- although the main pharma interest does tend to be as Peter pointed out Kendall Square. So we'll see what happens. But as they say that's the one area with such a low vacancy rate our view, back a couple of years ago when we proceeded on this process. We thought this would be much more efficiently leased than it is, but we're still comfortable. We don't deliver till the end of the year. And I think we'll be well over 50% at that point which will meet our internal projections. And we hope our rates stay at what they are pro forma wise which today have been the case. So we'll see where that goes keep in mind remind we have a 27.5% interest in that joint venture.
Joel Marcus: Sure. Maryland I think the simple fact is we don't see the demand that would really push us to do development there. We think there is adequate available space there through we have some space obviously and others have a bunch space both local and national folks. So I think that was put down and then although we have been approached a number of times by the NIH, but we'll see where that goes up for some new space. And then 124 Terry, we think that's probably likely to go resi and so that's probably something we wouldn't do ourselves. So stay tuned we might years sell the parcel or joint venture the parcel something like that.
Joel Marcus: At the moment although we have it in the disclosure but it looks like 100 would be started later it really depends on the demand the demand in Cambridge is as I said is pretty large and so it’s hard to say at the moment.
Joel Marcus: Yes, I think if you look at page 28 of our supplemental which highlights the current development pipeline, it’s probably as simple as just to go top down on page 75/125 Binney Street, which is 99% released to ARIAD, will be delivered contractually here in late March and rent will commence in late March. 499 Illinois will be delivered over multiple quarters but I think we get to stabilization close to year-end, probably in 90% range with a little bit being delivered in the first quarter. And again, that’s 100% leased. 269 East Grand will be probably in October 1 delivery, 100 leased. Science Park, Peter ran through, 60% leased negotiating today; pretty good shape there. We talked about New York being about 60% delivered by the end of this year with upside on delivery through ‘15. On the redevelopment front on page 30, 225 Second Avenue looks like 100% leased with an occupancy in the second quarter of ’15; Barnes Canyon 100% leased, delivery later this year in the third quarter. And then Rozelle, it's mix, 75% leased, 24,000 square feet has been delivered; we have another 17,000 to be delivered probably in second quarter of ‘15 with a little bit to resolve. So big picture of your answer of your question Michael, the pipeline of active projects that will be delivered substantially through the first quarter is driving the tremendous amount of the EBITDA growth that’s been forecasted. And big picture I think same property performance on the cash side I think will be solid, given the occupancy growth in the portfolio over ‘14 which will contribute to ‘15 as well as nice steps on leasing activity and contractual rent steps embedded in the leases. So, core should deliver strength into ‘15 and you’ve got tremendous value-add that’s highly pre-leased but driving a significant EBITDA growth. So, we’ve got a pretty good ability for internal funding which is what we’ve been trying to highlight and again I think we’ll provide more clarity to some of your questions on Investor Day Michael.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I am not sure I am ready to announce any percentage but it will be a minority percent; it will be less than 50%.
Joel Marcus: Yes all good questions, I think it’s really an emerging sector broadly under the IT sector and under the life science sector my sense is over the next five to ten years it will be a very big sector and it will come into maybe some prominence that would be identified as a some category under/either both of those the growth is really pretty staggering, the opportunity is huge. But I think it’s too early to tell I think the main cluster where we are seeing activity is San Francisco at the moment there is some in New York and in the Boston Cambridge area, but I would say primarily in San Francisco and that’s due to the extremely heavy concentration of tech-oriented venture capital on San Hill Road et cetera. Most of those requirements can be accomplished with office kind of a creative tech office some might require some enhanced features, but we view that those people generally will want to be at least the ones that we identify now will want to be in kind of the urban innovation cluster markets primarily for recruitment and retention. So we're tracking that sector, emerging sector very closely. And I'd say we hope to see it growing in pretty substantial fashion over the coming years.
Joel Marcus: Okay. Well, everybody thank you very much for busy time on one of the earnings day. Thank you for questions and attention and we look forward to talking to you on the third quarter call. Thanks.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I’d say we had a onetime decline in other income, typically you see other income in the $3 million to $4 million range and that's our outlook for the remainder of the year. In the quarter, we did have a lower amount of investment income. In fact there was a small loss in aggregate during the quarter. So that was the driver there.
Dean Shigenaga: We did go through recycling of assets that we wanted to lighten up the uncertain sub market in latter '12 and part of '13 and I think that was completed at the moment. We're reviewing things constantly and you may see us do some of that but at the moment we don’t have anything particularly to target.
Dean Shigenaga: I think most of the things that that have traded to those types of buyers have been long-term leases that they’ll likely probably be distil maybe within 3 years or 4 years of those leases bring up. We haven’t got to that point where someone needed to operate something yet.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. And I would expect directionally on the rental rate steps on our leasing activity for ‘15. I think generally speaking we're going to be in the general ranges of both GAAP and cash steps. So I think the performance we have this year or at least our expectation for 14 should continue in the ‘15.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael, Dean Shigenaga here. Yes, I gave you some baseline assumptions to think about for ‘15, but no doubt the strength of our core markets and demand in the marketplace for quality space that exist in our asset base or space like the quality of our asset base I think is going to provide opportunities, both in capturing new requirements but also as we work through early renewals, I think we have an opportunity on both sides. But I guess I want to give you some baseline assumptions as we think well ahead of Investor Day six months from now or five months from now.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I think on a cash basis, we are probably in that 2% to 3% and an 8% on a GAAP basis on a mark to market overall operating portfolio. Keep in mind, you have got long-term leases, you have annual cumulatively compounding increases with some pretty great tenants. So I think it’s important to really look at the GAAP metric as well.
Dean Shigenaga: Well, I think 6.5 times has been a bogie for ours for some time. So it is near term by the end of ‘15. And I think we'll always look for opportunities as we grow our EBITDA to possibly improve that. But for now that's our bogie. And really most of our EBITDA growth is providing the opportunity to manage the growth of our business without moving leverage in the wrong direction.
Dean Shigenaga: Yes, I’d make one footnote comment to that Amgen who I used to deal with pretty regularly and we have pretty close relationships with, approached us recently and we did a bit of a strategic planning session with them on innovation and it was pretty interesting because I think Amgen similar one or two of the big pharma is probably hasn't been historically as innovative as Genentech was. Genentech ended up spending out 75 to 100 companies over its lifespan, before it finally got acquire by Roche, Amgen is just starting to do that, but historically hasn't. So I think what Steve says make on the provision they really thinking about becoming a much more innovative company, they've been highly, highly successful. But it hasn't generate a lot of spin-off companies and out licensing of technology, which I think they are now under new leadership really beginning to examine pretty carefully.
Dean Shigenaga: Michael it’s Dean here. I think the best way to think about 2015 is that we have a number of items that bring clarity to what can unfold i.e. the retained cash flows after dividends and EBITDA growth. So we have tremendous capacity to fund growth for ‘15. Hopefully, everybody can appreciate it, it's a little difficult to predict the exact dollar amount of construction spending related to a number of projects that we've identified. And this goes back to page 27 on the pipeline of opportunities in the near term. We have a number of negotiations ongoing, the exact starts will likely depend on the pace of those negotiations and leased executions on many of them. So, I would say give us some time to come back to you, probably closer to Investor Day to give you better clarity on the exact mix of what will unfold for ‘15, because there is a lot of moving pieces at the moment.
Steve Richardson: Jamie its Steve. The expirations in ‘14 are really marginal as I was saying it’s a 150,000 feet total just 1% of the asset base. I think the largest block is potentially in Maryland and it’s probably about a third of that, otherwise it’s pretty well distributed in either Cambridge, San Francisco really.
Steve Richardson: Yes, no. I think that’s right, I mean as you look at these rolls that were in the core markets, tech square, San Francisco piece and UTC in town center, so the larger blocks in ‘15 are all in good core locations.
Steve Richardson: Yes certainly in ‘14 as we touched on as we closed the year out those are all on a GAAP basis in the mid-teens so I think that will continue to support the guidance we had at the beginning of the year.
Steve Richardson: Yes Gabe, it's probably certainly Cambridge, San Francisco and San Diego. I think overall we just see demand has not only continued, but it's strengthened in those areas. People are locking down space, so that's enabling us to drive rents in those kind of key core market more so. So, it's probably those three markets that are driving it primarily.
Steve Richardson: Yes, we did have one legacy tenant at one of our mid Peninsula properties that ultimately rolled out, we're actually working with the Group right now. So, temporary dip from 99.9% occupancy there.
Steve Richardson: Yes, we’re making a real good progress. The team on the ground with advancing the entitlements there and perfecting the entitlements we’re engaging tenants in the market in a series of serious conversation, so we’re encouraged there as well.
Steve Richardson: Sure Sheila. The vacancy overall is probably right around 10% in the market although if you segment that and take smaller blocks of space you’re probably at just 3% to 4% so that’s why we’ve been able to be very successful with our projects there. In the smaller blocks over the past several quarters, these couple of blocks you’ve got probably roughly 0.25 million square feet and it looks like they may take back one if not both of those blocks of space there. So that’s been something they’ve talked about much more intently. I think as they look at 1000 Oaks recruiting versus South San Francisco. So we’re hopeful that conversation is becoming more serious than we occupying that space. That would drop the overall vacancy rate, you probably down total that would cut it in half really be at 3%, 4%, 5%. 
