Peter Moglia: Yes, I think you misinterpreted my comments. There's no pause. I was just trying to point out that, we tend to close a lot of our sales in the latter half of the year like we did last year. And because we spend a lot of time in the first quarter teeing up things after a busy fourth quarter. So, yes, no pause, activity remains brisk.
Peter Moglia: It's about 20% of our goal which again given how we're heavily weighted towards 3Q and 4Q I think is on target.
Peter Moglia: Yes. I think Michael was also referring just to the general market data that I was talking about. There were probably I think 3 to 4 projects within the 3 markets that I comment on that got moved and that is something fairly normal because of course, what Joel mentioned was one of our own projects that got moved, but we're tracking all projects that we believe is are competitive. And as the data comes in from the brokerage community and from our own observations at times something that was supposed to or we thought would deliver in 1 year gets kicked quarter or 2 and puts it into the next year. So that's just the nature of data. But yes, we do, we are fairly confident that we're not going to see too much more after 2025 frankly because we're not seeing anything else start right now or limited I think maybe one project started in San Diego in the third quarter of 2023, but nothing of material that's material that we've noticed has started since then. So that would put us in a pretty good position after '25 to get to a very normalized delivery run.
Peter Moglia: Yes, I mean, it's a great question, Rich. It's a crystal ball question, but I mean the way I think about it.
Peter Moglia: The way I think about it is, I look at what Hallie is talking about with demand and to kind of add on to what her last comments were, we saw a decrease relative decrease in funding during 2023 and there's a lag effect for that to take place and that's one of the reasons why we think 2024 is going to be the kind of the bottom to use the crystal ball and it's going to accelerate from here because of all the investment that Hallie pointed out that's going on today is going to create demand. So the tail of the supply is going to be a direct correlation to how much demand there is to take it up and we think that that demand is going to be strong therefore the tail won't be that long. But we'll see, as I said, we're going to see some significant additions to the market in 2024 and then roughly half of what we're seeing in 2024 and 2025 and then virtually hopefully 0 to very little in 2026 probably just things that get delayed in 2025 bleed into '26. But we'll be, that'll be coming into a market that is strengthening as more demand appears because of the funding.
Peter Moglia: I don't think it's competing very well at all. And that's illustrated by our occupancy and the cash and GAAP rent spreads that we reported today. I mean, we've been saying for a long time that our brand and platform of mega campuses means a lot to our tenants and I think it's just proving out. Remember a lot of the supply is one off in tertiary markets and it's the type of profile that things get super tight in areas like Cambridge or Torrey Pines or South Lake Union, in Seattle, they might catch a bid just like tertiary markets and office would when there'd be spikes in office demand. But for now nothing is really moving outside handful of leases here and there outside of what we're doing. Because as we say all the time, if Alexandria has space available that fits what the tenants need are 90%+ of time, they're going to come to us because we know what we're doing. We can scale them. We have operational excellence, and I say this all the time, no one's going to get fired, for picking an Alexandria building. You might get fired for picking a building from someone who has no idea what they're doing.
Peter Moglia: Yes, it's a great question. We get asked, my first reaction is always well, gosh, if we weren't there by now, it wasn't a priority. I believe they'll probably be some opportunities that we will look at in the future. If we put our brand on the building and people know we're operating it even if it's in a newer market, it can be successful. A great illustration of that is what we did in the Fenway. We came in there, it was an unproven market. The 201 Brookline asset that we bought was about 17% leased. We come in, put our brand on it, put our knowhow into it and within I think 3 quarters it was fully stabilized. That said that was a submarket that we knew was going to be had a lot of the fundamentals that make a good submarkets. Some of these areas that the supply is in today, I don't see the same profile. So probably a tougher decision down the road. But what happens to those buildings, I think a lot of them will become office buildings. Frankly, offices certainly not dead, probably office that was built in the ‘60s and ‘70s and even the ‘80s might have to go away because it's functional obsolete. But if you built a new lab building and you couldn't lease it as lab, it's probably going to be a pretty good office building. But again crystal ball, that's just my opinion.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Look, Tony, I think you really have to look Joel laid out what creates opportunities that we may capitalize on, but we are going to be looking obviously at cost of capital. We can't make decisions though on what we think or what the cost of capital is today. We absolutely take a longer look. So as an analyst, you would look at the internal rate of return that you will get on a development because you know that if you believe that fundamentals are going to improve over time, you could do something with a 6 yield today, a 7 yield today. But as cap rates adjust, as rental growth adjust, you look out 10 years and you get an IRR that's above your weighted average cost of capital today. And then you have confidence to go forward. So I know it's real easy to just look at initial yield and we publish that because it's an interesting topic to everybody and rightly so. But in challenging times like this, you really have to take a longer view because you don't want to miss on opportunity that would be very strategic and excellent for your shareholders over the long run. And that's what we're trying to do.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Like we're anticipating a very flat environment. Opportunities that Alexandria can provide in a mega campus are likely going to perform much better, materially better than some of the supply that's going to be delivered. But certainly supply is going to weigh on rents and, but we don't necessarily see a retrenchment outside of certainly levels that were hit in 2021 and 2022 are going to be back we're going to back off from that. But the area the rental areas of '17, '18, '19 that our submarkets were in, I'm certain will be the bottom and it'll grow from there.
Peter Moglia: Yes. Hey, John. I just I'm not just me, but the team is not necessarily seeing anything we'd want to buy. Again, as I make the commentary about supply, most of what probably will be available to buy is not in the areas that we're interested in today. I'm not saying we're not never say never that an area might not become interesting in the future. And as I said, we could put our brand on it and make it work. But the opportunities that we will be talking about in the future and I'd say the near future are going to be on our mega campuses because of all the things that we talk about with the scale and the vibrancy our tenants and tenants that are not ours but want to be ours notice and understand the value. And so it's going to make the, it's just going to make more sense long-term for us to put them on these campuses rather than buy a one off building and put someone in there and end up wondering in the future why we did that because it doesn't really match our model.
Marc Binda: Yes. I mean, it really depends market by market, lease by lease that we renew in each particular quarter. So there can definitely be some variation to quarter-to-quarter. Q1 was very strong. We're really pleased with that. And I think the year is strong. We still feel good about the guidance we gave for both GAAP and cash rental rate increases for the year.
Marc Binda: Yes, I mean, I think we're on track. It's not unusual for us as we get out as we kind of get through the year to shrink the range as we get more and more comfortable. So we shrunk the top end and the bottom end with no change to the midpoint of our guidance. So I think we still feel good about very solid growth this year of 5.6% over 2023.
Marc Binda: Yes. Hi, Wes. This is Marc. Yes, I think last quarter, we did believe that the second half of the year would have some acceleration. I think our view is that the second half will be strong to in line with guidance right now. And I think to be fair, I think the first quarter came in pretty strong. So I think second half, we expect to be strong.
Joel Marcus: Yes, it doesn't quite work that way. That's kind of how it works in the rest of real estate. But as Hallie said, demand in this sector as you can see over many years is event driven. So it's not so much a rental rate or a concession per se. It's the key location for recruitment of talent, the ability to grow or need space immediately based on a major clinical milestone that's either made financing possible or just scale up possible. So those are the things that tend to be the most important, which is space for delivery. And the market will be the market, but that's not the concessions or things like that are not driving people's decisions. It doesn't work that way.
Joel Marcus: And remember, this is one of those years where you've got macro at home, you've got geopolitical issues and then you've got an election. So we wanted to be conservative about what we're doing here.
Joel Marcus: Well, short-term renewals often happen. Remember what I just said to Michael, in this industry people are waiting for data that Hallie said and if you've got a clinical trial data or some important catalyst that's going to drive the business hopefully positively, but could be negatively. And that's coming up. You want to ensure that you're kind of preserving your strategic optionality as much as possible and that's why people want to kind of keep where they are until they know what do we need and where are we going. So that's very typical of this industry over many years.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So maybe, Rich, let me just say this. I think you've seen us kind of like we did in the great financial crisis once the rocket ship of COVID started to come back to earth rather rapidly, February of '21 is when it started. Certainly over the last couple of years and certainly into this year, we've been I think profoundly disciplined in thinking about, we've certainly stopped a number of projects. We've restarted 1 or 2 here or there based on leasing volume, but we've been very, very disciplined about what we would start. So there is not a volume throughput or some kind of a need to do that. We have right now, as you know, a pretty decent pipeline that's relatively well leased and our goal is to meet the needs of growing tenants and that's what really dictates our decision to start projects or convert space or try to move people into vacant space that's available and quickly operational. So those are the things that we're really focused on and it's really judged by demand and then against the backdrop of cost of capital and yield and things like that which Peter has given pretty over many quarters pretty great detail on.
Joel Marcus: Yes. So Tony, as we've said, our guidance assumes no equity, same was true in 2023 to remind everybody. And our focus is on as sources of capital to fund our business on the noncore assets outside of the mega campus. But obviously you reevaluate that on an ongoing basis just like we have in past practice.
Joel Marcus: I don't think we would want to be that transparent given the competitive nature of what we're doing these days. I'm not sure that would serve our interest or even our tenants interest. In fact, they may not want us to be talking about something like that in advance. So I'd be pretty wary of that kind of thing. I think that what is happening is and Peter I think has talked about this, we kind of hit a low in '23 certainly after the Silicon Valley Bank episode and some of the market shutters and so forth. But I think as Hallie has presented, the market since October is really solidified and more money was flowing or is flowing into the sector. And I think that's really a better benchmark and certainly as companies hit milestones as Hallie mentioned intracellular hitting a critical, critical very high quality milestone and was able to do. I think their last financing and then they turned profitable. So that's kind of how we look at it. I think anything more of a NORAD early warning system probably wouldn't be in our best interest. I apologize for that.
Joel Marcus: No. And you can just look at what's happened as Hallie outlined in the first quarter, Michael, again event driven, it's not a direct correlation to economic environment or interest rates that just how this sector in industry kind of walks the walk. And it's not totally shielded by that, because if there was to be some, I mean imagine if China decided to invade Taiwan, the market seized and rates spiked in some crazy fashion or something obviously that would have an immediate impact on everybody. But I think no not the deferral isn't going to change if somebody hits a great milestone they're going to be able to finance. Now maybe there might be a higher concession on the underwriting or the overnight or whatever method they choose. But that's a rather infinitesimal cost to capital issue for companies.
Joel Marcus: Of course. And most of that is done at the venture level. And so when somebody is pioneering a new area venture and not so much the publicly traded markets. But once you get into the clinic then if you are fortunate enough to get public then the public markets kind of take hold of that.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think historically, boards have had very careful oversight. I think unfortunately, when the markets become very frothy, boards get a little bit lazy and not as astute or disciplined in what they do. But I think you can be certain today, boards are very disciplined and it's been that way now for a handful of years. So I don't think anything's changing in that regard. I mean the answer is, if somebody needs space to scale and grow because they hit a key milestone or they've turned profitable or whatever it happens to be, those are high quality decisions, because the cost of space for most of these companies is a fairly nominal amount of their overall cost of doing business.
Joel Marcus: Yes. I don't think we would announce such a thing on an earnings call willy-nilly. It's based on tenant demand, of course.
Joel Marcus: Well, I think based on the questions that have been raised on the call right now and Hallie's commentary, I think we've said since October, the market certainly have gotten better, yes.
Joel Marcus: Yes. Thank you, everybody. Just remember May is Mental Health Month and we'll be very focused on that with our efforts on a number of corporate social fronts. So be safe. Take care. God bless. Thank you.
Hallie Kuhn: As I walked through in the data across our different segments, just remember that we have a very diverse set of different tenant demands ranging from small private biotechs, public biotechs, large pharma institutions, life science tools product devices. So each of those you have to look at differently. But across each one of those, we are seeing strength. And again, we are coming down off 2021, but still quite strong compared to any year previously. So, venture capital continues to be at a very robust pace. Mega rounds, which are a great indicator of what will be near-term demand drivers, oftentimes just in time space, have really picked up with 34, just this quarter. On the public biotech side, follow on financing, very strong historic quarter, but also IPOs, the window is opening slightly. We'll see how that trend continues over the rest of the year. And then pharma demand, we continue to see a number of very large requirements across our regions, very much driven by the need to be able to recruit the best talent and ensure that they can innovate for years to come. So I think across each of our segments, we're seeing continued strength in the backdrop of, of course some challenging macro markets.
Hallie Kuhn: Sure. Yes. I think these are really popular topics, right? We don't go more than half an hour without getting a question on AI and the BIOSECURE Act and certainly on the regulatory front has been front and center. Yes, I think these are pieces of a kind of large pool of different types of demand that we see across our spectrum of tenants. But certainly, we have a number of tenants insitro we mentioned, and a number of others in our portfolio that do have significant lab requirements given the large data generation. And then for CDMOs and how that relates to demand going forward, these things happen in the order of years, not months. But certainly, I think it's a positive trend for the industry overall with respect to ensuring that this industry remains certainly what we would consider a national, really important for our national security for development of drugs. So two things that we're watching closely, but I wouldn't say are going to be the things that are pushing the industry overall, just two pieces of it.
Hallie Kuhn: Yes. And just to this is Hallie, just one addition. Recall that with venture firms, they're sitting on a lot of dry powder, that is already committed capital that they can call on and there's a number of larger funds that we're talking to that are raising, closing multibillion dollar funds. So they are sitting on capital that's ready to deploy. They are not dependent in the same way that a public company is on the interest rate.
