Stephen A. Richardson: Thank you, Jenna. Good afternoon, everyone.  The very strong results we've achieved during the third quarter are a testament to both the clear vision the company has had since its inception more than 25 years ago, and a highly creative and entrepreneurial team that has skillfully adapted to this tumultuous time. Alexandria's mega campuses are now not only essential and mission-critical, but they are also especially desirable in capturing a significant majority of the life science growth in the marketplace.  The Alexandria brand is highly valued across the entire life cycle -- life science ecosystem for its well-earned trusted relationships, impeccable integrity and unparalleled expertise and experience. These timeless elements are the foundation for a tenant's decisions to continue to seek out a collaborative and mutually beneficial multidimensional platform for their growth with Alexandria. As the challenges only increased for navigating success in the quest to eradicate disease and improve nutrition globally, particularly with a once-in-a-century pandemic upon us, Alexandria stands out and is recognized as an innovative, insightful and unique partner as the following results clearly demonstrate. In the realm of operational excellence, the company has collected 99.7% of its accounts receivable during the third quarter and 99.7% during October. The 24/7 nature of these labs and the fundamental value they provide for our tenants is clearly evident with these operational statistics. On the leasing front, we have continued outperformance. During the third quarter, we outperformed the second quarter leasing activity with a total of 1.2 million square feet leased, which brings us to nearly 3 million square feet leased year-to-date during 2020, which is pretty impressive considering our 10-year leasing average is 3.9 million square feet. Alexandria's team is fully engaged, and our tenant base is thriving and continuing to grow. To underscore the leasing outperformance, this quarterly run rate during the time of COVID is approximately equal to or better than the leasing run rate during the first quarter, the second quarter and the third quarter of 2019. And of particular note is the 80% leased or negotiation status of the development pipeline for the same set of projects detailed in our Q2 supplemental, so very solid progress with our on-balance sheet growth engine, and Peter will provide further details during his remarks. Our core continues to be strong with rental rate increases of 30.9% cash and 39.9% GAAP for renewals and re-leases. And early renewals for the third quarter are above our historic levels and reached 86%, so the sense of urgency remains strong for our tenant base. Our mark-to-market is at 16.4% cash, a 90 bps increase from the second quarter and 17.1% GAAP, up 120 bps over the second quarter. Occupancy continues to be solid at 94.9% across 31.2 million square feet in the operating portfolio. And after taking into account the recently acquired lease-up opportunities, we would otherwise be at 97.7% occupancy, up 60 bps from the second quarter. Market health continues to be strong with robust lab demand of 3.2 million square feet in the Bay Area of San Francisco, 2.5 million square feet in the greater Boston region and 2.1 million square feet in San Diego. But importantly, there's a market acceleration to high-quality, COVID-safe campuses and evidenced, again, by our ability to capture a dominant market share of promising and strong credit life science companies. So in conclusion, Alexandria's pioneering efforts have placed the company at the actual and virtual intersection of science and global health. The team is entrepreneurial, creative and fully prepared to meet and decisively capitalize on this opportunity to partner with our tenants for the benefit of health across the globe. With that, I'll hand it off to Peter. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes. I would add, Jamie, that our South San Francisco portfolio for the lab product is essentially 100% leased. At Haskins now, we're at 88% leased and negotiating so very well positioned there. The entirety of the Phase 1 of Kilroy's project is 100% leased. Blackstone is substantially leased. Peak is substantially leased. So we did monitor it, as Joe mentioned a couple of years ago, but there has been very robust demand. You have a combination of big pharma coming into South San Francisco that's anchored it with probably 4 or 5 global pharma companies coming in that were not there before. You have the second cohort of companies that have matured to commercialization. So we continue to see that very healthy and do monitor supply certainly very closely, but not overly worried as we might have been a couple of years ago. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Right. Yes, I think that was really a unique situation as the market was extremely tight. When they were making that decision, they were looking for opportunities to have additional buildings for expansion, so they did make the move to South San Francisco. You had a particular tax regime in San Francisco. That might have been troublesome as well. So that -- we'll see if that's a harbinger for future tech locations, which will only increase demand in South San Francisco. But it is -- it was an important and kind of unique situation. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Yes. Sheila, it's Steve here. Yes, Stripe's plans for subleasing, I think, were always the case with the relocation of South San Francisco. They haven't done anything official yet. I think they're just putting some feelers out. So that's very much a TBD.  And then with 88 Bluxome, we have important preconstruction activities that we'll be undertaking in the next several quarters here. When you look at that building, it is a lab-ready shell. So as Peter was highlighting that contrast between office product and lab product, we'll have the floor to floor, the live load, the capability, shipping and receiving. So when you start looking at a mid-rise facility, a lot of outdoor space, the capability to go lab, we think it's going to be an extremely desirable product. So we'll see this time next year where we're at. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Rich, it's Steve. Again, from the very outset, we designed that as a lab-ready shell. So we do not need to make any modifications. And we have the ability to both accommodate lab and technology users. 
Stephen A. Richardson: Sure. Dave, it's Steve. Yes, when we looked at that asset, to receive an unsolicited offer and then also to look at its location along Market Street, was somewhat of a one-off kind of at the edge of the cluster at best of SoMa, it really did make sense to go ahead and exit. And I just think the scale and the size of 88 Bluxome is much, much different and qualitatively in a different position. You're really at the edge of Mission Bay there. So I do think we have the opportunity at scale to help life science or technology. Whereas the Market Street location was just a -- ultimately, a smaller project there. We weren't really going to build a cluster adjacent to that. And again, as Peter said, receiving an unsolicited offer and recycling that capital with these other opportunities just made great sense. 
Stephen A. Richardson: I think you just have to look at that in isolation, Dave, and the circumstances that led us to make that decision. 
Joel Marcus: Well, yes, let me jump in before Peter comments, Tony. I think you have to look at where these are happening and where the demand wants to be, and those don't always match up. I mean -- I think if you look at Cambridge, the ability to add supply there is pretty, pretty tough. And the demand is strong. Same thing, I think, in different parts of San Francisco. So I think you have to isolate where these either are or might be converted. And you heard a little bit about the downside of conversions, they oftentimes don't work out all that well and where the demand is coming from and where they want to go.  But Peter, you can comment. 
Joel Marcus: Well, I think, first of all, the ideal is always, in government, that there's a balanced government and balanced between the parties. I think it's hard to speculate on a blue wave and what it means because the democratic party is really a pretty highly, I would say -- a party that encompasses a pretty broad spectrum of thoughts from socialized medicine to free market with some guidance. So it's hard to know what that really means. I think there are 2 areas that so-called Biden-aligned groups said early on, if there were things they could do pretty quickly, what would they do. One might be to try to get Medicare to negotiate for those drugs administered by doctors. That's one that they might likely try to go after pretty quickly. And then another one is if they could show that intellectual property was created outside of the company, maybe a more revenue-sharing basis with, say, federal lab or a university or whatever. So those are 2 ones that I've heard that they might go to. But I think it's hard to predict and hard to speculate and -- anyway. So that's kind of my knee-jerk reaction at this point. 
Joel Marcus: Well, I think -- and maybe I'll have Steve comment. But I think one that we've certainly flagged over the past couple of years, which certainly has turned out to be way better than we thought, we tend to be pretty conservative in our thinking with South San Francisco when Kilroy announced the Oyster Point and a number of other groups have built their -- I think Healthpeak has done a good job of building and so has Blackstone. And it looked like there might be a tip, more -- the potential for more oversupply than demand, but it's turned out that the demand has been healthy, and the supply issue has been pretty in check. So we've been pretty careful there over the past couple of years, but we certainly have a very strong position. And I think as either Peter or Steve mentioned, we're making great progress on our 201 Haskins project.  But Steve, you could comment. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. Steve, maybe mention Stripe moving there to the Kilroy project because that's kind of an interesting trend that we haven't really seen before. A little bit like Mission Bay was in the early days when it was life science and suddenly, tech came in, in a big way. 
Joel Marcus: Well, I think you always think about Research Triangle because there is a lot of land in and around the Triangle. But that's the reason we've gone to a mega campus strategy because people don't want to just be in isolated locations. And many tenants, including one we're under LOI with right now in a pretty big expansion, we're looking for existing solutions. So I think that's one. We're always -- we always have historically been watching, but we're pretty comfortable given our recent dollar commitment there. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. So let me maybe react to that. First of all, it's always hard at the beginning of any year to know, especially this year of 2020. I mean, my gosh, in March and April, we had cut and we're planning to cut further CapEx because no one knew if this was going to be a repeat of '08, '09 in a sense. But by May, it was pretty clear that, that wasn't the case. It was a different kind of market shock. So nobody knows at the beginning of any year or during the year, what assets might come to market for what reasons. So I think it's always hard to speculate on acquisitions. And we're always looking for ones that have an ability to satisfy internal tenant demand that we have. Now we have hundreds and hundreds of tenants that we know where -- what they want to do going forward. So that gives us a huge competitive advantage. And I think trying to match that up with solutions that either exist or we can create. I think when it comes to big portfolios, I mentioned Blackstone before. I think their recapitalization and move from one fund to another. And I guess if there was an offer out there. We know that the base portfolio well back in 2015, I described it, there would be -- we didn't have interest then and we wouldn't have interest now. It doesn't do anything for us particularly. And adding a gigantic scale doesn't really make sense. But I think they've done a great job of calling that portfolio and then really adding quality buildings, which weren't there so much many years ago. And I think on the other big portfolio in Cambridge, we don't have any comment on that. But I would say that's kind of an A-minus, B-plus location. We have 3 mega campuses in the heart of Kendall Square, which are AAA locations. So I think that gives you some insight on how we think about that. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. Well, we have done manufacturing before. We don't do remote manufacturing, if somebody wants to build a plant in Puerto Rico or Iowa or Kansas or West Virginia or some place. We don't go to locations where we think that there is no long-term inherent value in the real estate. It's just an investment. It's amortized over the term of the lease. And then when it's gone, you've kind of written down your asset. So that's never of interest. But I think given today, remember what I said in my comments, there are really 2 fundamental things going -- things that have been evidenced by COVID-19. One is -- and whether it's the Trump administration or Biden's push, he's kind of parroted what Trump has said. Whether he can do it or not, don't know. Or whether he'll have the chance or not, don't know. But it's pretty critical that we do repatriate as much research development in manufacturing in the medical -- in the critical medical arena and health care arena back to the U.S. for obvious reasons. And where those become either adjacencies or in close proximity to headquarters and core R&D, then we clearly have interest. If they're in really random remote locations, there would be no interest. And you have to also remember there is a new generation of companies today, particularly in cell and gene therapy. And those manufacturing capabilities, whether they be at the clinical level or at full-scale commercial level are, to a large extent, worth more than the company's research. And so those become mission-critical. You can think of any number -- I mean Bluebird is a good example, any number of companies that have highly specialized manufacturing for these complex medicines of the future. So we think it becomes an integral part of [ R&D, C and now M ]. And I think it's a huge opportunity. I think it's a huge opportunity for everybody in the United States because I hope it comes true. I think the one negative thing that sits on the horizon is if Biden happened to win, and he happened to be able to increase corporate taxes, he's going to do the very thing that we've sought not to do, which is force companies overseas, move companies' cash overseas. Why would you want to operate in a high-cost U.S. environment where you could operate overseas at a reduced price? And so that would undermine the purpose of bringing back manufacturing. So we hope that doesn't happen. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. So that's a really good question. And you know a little bit of the history of back in the '05, '06, '07 era, pre-crash, we entered both China and India. After getting into India, it became pretty clear, the Indian Supreme Court invalidated the Glivec patent. It was pretty clear that novel research wasn't going to India. And it's a tough place to operate from a Foreign Practices Act. So we terminated -- we sold our operation there. China, we have -- we only did 2 projects. We sold one. We have one remaining. The problem in China is -- and we refused to tie up with the local partner, even though that was kind of recommended. But what happens is the government builds crappy buildings around your nice building. It'd be putting like something like a mini storage unit next to a first-class lab and then telling the Chinese to go in there and operate a lab, which they do at free rent because the government told them to do it. And so that's a hard business model to follow. But I think November 3 or thereafter, we'll be revealing of the answer to that question. I don't think I could answer it at the moment. But if it turned out there was a blue wave, and it turned out that they dramatically increased corporate taxes, then I think the answer is you'd have to look at the possibility of thinking overseas because the government would have just done the exact opposite of what makes compelling sense to keep companies in this country at competitive tax rates and keep their critical operations here. So I think November 3 or thereafter, we'll be revealing of that question. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. So what -- we've been in the Triangle since 1998. We were early in there. And we've always been attracted because in the early days, North Carolina was very aggressive in providing incentives to companies wanting to move down there for -- in the biotech space, in particular. And we really like that market anchored by Duke, UNC and NC State. Duke and UNC in the health care arena, and NC State more in the ag arena. And I think we saw that the market, though, had pretty slow growth and, in fact, lost rental rate increase momentum for quite a long time during the -- from like '08 through, say, 2016 or something. So almost a decade, it really struggled.  And when the urban cores were kind of being the most popular, people didn't want to go down to kind of sleepy Research Triangle and hang out in a wooded beautiful area by a lake. That has a little bit reversed its course, as you could imagine, given what's going on in New York and some of these other cities that have seen a lot of both rise in crime and obviously, the impact of COVID and homelessness and things like that. So we have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we have a large number or certainly an important number, large square footage, of existing tenants who've expressed interest in creating either expansion or new space down in Research Triangle, and so that really motivated us in a substantial way. Also, our market share there now has moved to about 40%, which gives us the scale of 3 mega campuses where we have a lot of existing solutions and a lot of to-be-built solutions. So that's kind of where we wanted to get to. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. So let me make a comment before I ask Peter to answer that question, Rich. I think everybody is looking carefully at California. Healthpeak just announced the relocation of their headquarters, I guess, from Long Beach area or wherever it is to, I think, Denver, if I'm not -- my memory serves me.  The founding shareholder of our company, who put in the principal amount of money when we started Jacobs Engineering, left Pasadena for Plano, Texas, a couple of years ago. Obviously, tax motivated. So there is a historic number of companies and people looking at California today and wondering, is this the state going to save itself? And are the cities going to save themselves? Obviously, homelessness has been a big problem in a number of cities. Obviously, you've got fires. You've got earthquakes. You've got the natural disasters, different than other parts of the country, but everybody has got something. But more important is really governance, sensible governance.  We're working pretty intensively. In fact, we had a long call internally yesterday on trying to assist the city of San Francisco on homeless solutions, thinking about could we bring the OneFifteen, Dayton solution for opioid addiction to homelessness in San Francisco as a model to try to help solve that problem. The numbers show something like over 70% or 80% of homeless people generally have some kind of addiction or mental health issue. So just putting them somewhere doesn't work, you've really got to bring intensive services there. So I think all companies are really looking at California in fairly realistic and important ways.  But with that kind of long-winded intro, Peter, fire away. 
Joel Marcus: Well, the AgTech campus will -- and they're all in pretty close proximity. The AgTech campus is really dedicated to AgTech. And the Advanced Technology campus will be primarily life science, and it also sits next to a building we have that is chock full of small growing tenants. So there's a natural growth trajectory there. And then the Durham campus, we just bought in are in the process of doing quite a bit of retrofitting and redeveloping, will be primarily life science as well. 
Joel Marcus: Well, it's primarily life science, although there is AgTech activity. It's not quite as broad or as deep, obviously, because the industry is just a very different structured industry. But we do have 2 developments on our Advanced Technology campus going up, and we've got pretty robust demand from existing tenants there. And one build-to-suit that we're doing. And then on the Durham campus, we're accommodating a number of existing tenants or relationships that have expressed they want immediate existing solutions, which we really didn't have, and that was a big motivator for us. So we hope to do both, and we think there is good pent-up demand. Hopefully, the tax -- if there are tax changes, they won't screw it all up. Because, obviously, some companies who might expand here in the U.S.A. today, maybe next year if things go in a different fashion, they might go overseas, and we would be sad to see that happen. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. So maybe I'll give an intro to that and maybe let Peter talk about it. But we had substantially upzoned, I think, about 2x from what was the as-of-right square footage. I think the square footage we've got is north of 400,000. We just got design approval just the other night. So we're moving full steam ahead.  We have a handful of existing tenants who are looking for expansion space. So we're -- likely, this building will be a little bit like what we did in Seattle at 188 or 1818 -- Eastlake, 188 Blaine -- I forgot the exact address there, where we created almost 200,000 square foot building, multitenant life science building and accommodated most of our -- many of our existing tenants who needed more space. I think that's what's going to happen to 325 Binney. I think companies that are in Cambridge would prefer to be in Cambridge. The Seaport, I think, offers some nice opportunities, but I think Cambridge would be first choice.  But Peter, you could comment. 
Joel Marcus: No. No. Yes. I don't -- yes, we don't think like that. This is not -- yes, that's just a different, I don't know, way of thinking. This is a -- this is originally the Glaxo campus that was bought and redeveloped. I think the timing and the job that was done by the seller was really good. We came in, there are a strong number of existing credit tenants, among which is Duke. Duke has an important lab presence there that's attractive to us, but that wasn't the major reason for it. The major reason was it had good, existing solutions and a number of future solutions that would accommodate existing tenants' expansion and growth of ours that we had. And it gave us a 3 campus -- 3 mega campus opportunity down in the Triangle. This is in the park. The park is not adjacent to Duke. It's not adjacent to UNC. It's some miles away or NC State. So I wouldn't compare it at all to -- it's nothing like Philadelphia. Just totally different ballgame. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. And the challenge, if you do universities, is if you're entirely dependent on the university, and universities can be up and down and so forth, and you have no commercial tenant base, you're really at the mercy of the university, which we've never wanted to be. That's why we've never really gone after that business model. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. We said we might. I think our hands are full in our existing markets because they're so vibrant and keeping us busy. We have a big budget this year to fulfill. And so at the moment, we're not focused on -- or ready to announce any expansion markets because we're pretty occupied in where we are. But who knows what the future may have given -- post-election, what may happen there. 
Joel Marcus: Yes. I think -- I'm not an expert in that. But I think it's pretty clear that there are quite a number of scientists from other countries who have unique skill bases that are here under that visa category or designation, and it would be positive to keep that going, for sure. I know there is some sensitivity on -- and there have been a bunch written about people coming over from China working in universities with professors. And maybe there being some national security issue there that I know the government has looked pretty carefully at. But set that aside, I think it's been a very positive -- a positive program and certainly very helpful to the life science industry. 
Joel Marcus: Okay. Thank you very much. Sorry for a long call during this third quarter of COVID. Look forward to talking to you on fourth quarter and year-end. Thank you. And everybody, please stay safe. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. I mean I -- just yesterday, an article came out in the Bisnow website of San Francisco, titled, "Too Low, Too Fragile, Too Short-Term: Life Sciences Conversions Are Popular But Hard To Pull Off" by -- author's name was Dean Boerner. And I think it's just -- it's a pretty summary-level article. But like we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters, office buildings just don't have the infrastructure needed for a laboratory that will be efficient and flexible at the end of the day. So convert one, you can, but the tenants are going to have to make sacrifices in order to occupy that space. And they could be very material as far as like how many chemicals they can store, where they can put equipment. It's very inefficient compared to Alexandria's portfolio which was purpose-built for labs. So we feel like any requirement in any of our submarkets that comes around, we're going to be the first choice. We're going to have a building that's flexible, that works and has a staff that knows how to run it. I mean that's the other thing. There's more than just bricks-and-mortar here. There's operational expertise and that can get very technical. And these are mission-critical facilities. Can't -- our companies can't really afford to go into a building when somebody doesn't know what they're doing because time is money, and especially in the life science industry. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, sure. Rich, I mean, it's obviously a great question. Look, would it be much better if this doesn't pass? It would be because it would just maybe give people confidence that California isn't necessarily going to continue to search for revenue sources from business. That said, as I mentioned, we pass through the cost. And you inferred, well, eventually, your occupancy cost is going to go up. It will. But our analysis is that it would be in the low or low single digits overall for a company. And I would take you back to a lot of questions we get about just when rents are rising in a market very quickly, people are always like, well, at what point is it going to just get so expensive, people will go elsewhere? And the answer is, well, it really won't because these companies need to be anchored where they are because they're typically located where they are because of institutions that they collaborate with. So the increase in operating expenses is not something anyone wants to see. Is it going to cause them to move? We would think probably not. And then the overwhelming amount of annual revenue that comes through Alexandria is from very large pharma and biotech, where the OpEx, that rent and operating expenses in the context of their overall cost structure is like 1% to 3%. So it's not going to move that needle. It's going to be an annoyance. But again, wanting to be near the institutions, which is why work in these markets, is going to really win the location selection at the end of the day and an annoyance about property tax increase will ultimately be absorbed. 
Peter M. Moglia: And I would just add -- I was just going to add that 88 Bluxome is a much closer extension of Mission Bay than Market Street. So it makes a lot more sense to be our next development to build on that cluster than Market Street would. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. No. There are -- I think it's -- I don't have the exact number, but there are a few assets that are currently used as office and leased as office that we consider as future upside. There's either 1- or 2-story buildings that could be converted to labs. So there are -- all of the assets that were on the campus were sold to us, and we own all of them. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes, absolutely. I mean Cambridge is still the place everybody wants to be. The opportunities there are very limited. We fortunately have one. But we've been very proactive to figure out where people could go that need to be in close proximity.  Watertown was one of our strategies. It's working out very well. The demand there has been even stronger than we would have imagined. And it makes a lot of sense that the Seaport would also be as attractive, in a way, maybe a bit more to those that are more Cambridge-centric because it is linked by the Red Line, you can get from South Station to Kendall Square in about 12 to 15 minutes. And obviously, the amenities and the Fort Point Channel area mimic what you can find in Cambridge as well. So we think it's a good, natural extension for those that may not have the ability to be in Cambridge but needed to be close by. 
Peter M. Moglia: Yes. And Joel, it's Peter. I can add -- I mean there's a total of 6 tenants there, 5 of the 6 are credit tenants. The sixth one's actually probably also a credit tenant now. And only Duke is university related. So I'll echo what Joel said, this is nothing like a university play that Ventas would have done. 
Dean Shigenaga: Dave, Dean here. I'd say that the overall strategy for the venture portfolio has been to carefully manage that aspect of our business. If you look back over several years now, I think the aggregate dollars invested from a cost perspective has actually declined as a percentage of total assets or assets have grown on the real estate side over time. And like I shared in my commentary, we've -- from a cash flow perspective, the venture portfolio has been about neutral this year. So still always careful about selective new investment opportunities. But given what Joel had mentioned, if you look back over -- since 2013, there's been a real acceleration of innovation. So we're seeing a lot of exciting opportunities, but still being very selective, Dave. I think we've commented that the size of the venture portfolio will always moderate in size somewhere in that 3% to 5% from a cost basis perspective, and it's closer to 3.5% today, down from where it was a couple of years ago. 
Dean Shigenaga: Yes. So I just want to be sure it was off mute. The overall portfolio, I think, over the last number of quarters have been in the upper teens on average, both GAAP and cash. So I think the continued overall constraints and supply and good fundamentals in our core markets, I think, has held up good upside on the overall portfolio. 
Dean Shigenaga: It turns out, I don't have that specific analysis for this quarter. But if I think back to the last several quarters, net effective rents have trended nicely. I think the only change in -- that I can see that might make that picture a little bit harder to see as we go forward is you've got to -- through the acquisitions, we've got a broader mix of assets in the portfolio, including this Research Triangle project as well as The Arsenal on the Charles as a couple of examples. But net effective rent generally has been trending very well for the last number of years as well as the last several quarters. I can't tell you specifically for this quarter right now, though. 
