Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, I expect good news in every market, every quarter I think because we are not -- thing is we are in early days in penetrating critical industry. It’s an aspect of coherent growth that what we’re doing there is duplicating what we have done for automotive repair technicians all these years. We are doing it for other people and other industries you know observing work and making it easier with just the right tools, whether it’s software or hardware. And so an element of that is learning about the industry. So it’s early days. Now we have very industries in there, aviation, the military, oil and gas, power generation, mining. One of the advantages of this is we don’t really have much [indiscernible] in the way of share in these businesses. So therefore each quarter rise and falls not so much on the effect of the industry, just on our own performance. So we have lumpiness from section to section or from industry to industry. In this particular quarter, we actually saw fine performance in places like I said in my power generation, mining, railroad, the military. The military was up this time because we were able to see opportunities. Aviation is a big business in that area. And oil and gas actually was up, even slightly in this quarter. So we saw the usual lumpiness from operation to operation, but the critical industry business really is the driver behind C&I and you see the C&I growth across those segments. So I didn’t see any particular surprises. I guess if you are looking at our business, you might say, ghee, they grew in oil and gas, even though the market was weak. My view was we don’t have that biggest share in oil and gas. Therefore, we can grow against weak markets.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think what’s driving it is, is that the Tools Group team is understanding how to enable the franchisees that we have in various places. We have 4,800 worldwide. We have 3,478, I think in the United States are van. And they are learning quarter-by-quarter how to do it better. And that’s allowing to sell more to same customers and reach other customers, which they had on their routes but they hadn’t been calling on. So the effects of these, I think maybe threefold. One effect is I think we’ve talked about it many times. I think they’re very cleverly breaking through the natural boundaries of that model by adding space with a Rock N' Roll Cabs and you can see it in the progression of the tool storage and breaking through the time by adding a help with things like the TechKnow vans. Now I think, we have 66, 67 of Rock N' Roll -- 66 Rock N' Roll vans throughout the world now and we have now up to 35 TechKnow vans, that’s about four since last quarter. And so you can see breaking that natural boundary is helping. Secondly, Boy, we’re using as much as possible. We using as much as possible our customer connection. We spent a lot of time in the shops and we’re organizing that process and getting that information back into the innovation process and rolling out new products, like that 36-Inch Breaker Bar. People might look at that and say, what’s that? It’s just a long bar. But the idea was -- it wasn’t really available in the marketplace and the ones that were available aren’t as comfortable. Innovation doesn’t have to be earth shattering. It just has to make work easier in this space and the Tools Group is understanding how to do that.  And then thirdly, they’re looking at the franchisee and saying, we know your time is valuable. We’re going to make it better. We’re going to drive RCI into the vans and that’s all resulting in this kind of thing. Their numbers were up 12.8% in the quarter, 12.9% in the quarter, 11.8% the quarter before that, 6% the quarter before that, 6.6% the quarter before that and 6% before that. In fact, 19 of the last 20 quarters, they’ve been 6% or above. And that’s -- what’s driving it all is tuning that business. It’s kind of a -- if you step back and you look at the auto repair you would say, it’s going to go better than GDP. 4% to 6% is what we say. But if you have capability that resonates with those franchisees like they figured out, you would see these kinds of numbers.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. That’s what we’re doing. We’re putting RCI into the vans drivers. Now, things like -- I think I’ve mentioned this before on the corporate things like when you repair a ratchet, repairing a ratchet was taking 15 minutes every ratchet. Sometimes, I was on vans where people brought on four ratchets to be repaired at one stop that would have killed the route that day. But we have tools, kind of just like a factory. We are laying it out like a factory, like our van drivers can repair within three or four minutes now and number of things like that, so taking RCI, looking at the van, doing value stream mapping on the van and reducing the time. Adding to their selling time is part of the process, which is allowing them to reach out to more customers. That’s exactly what we’ve been doing. Thanks for that question.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t feel so. I think -- not any particular product. I don't think -- I'm sure I could go through launching of new products and find those that came from a company-owned store driver but only around customer connection. We have the van driver itself is the guy or an employee goes out there and he reports back as part and he gives us leads for new tool as part of the company-owned store and that flows back. But we don't really differentiate between a lead from a company-owned store and a franchisees. But in my remarks, you might have heard the whole idea of the power tool draw organizer at the bottom -- at the tool storage box. That came from the Rock 'N Roll Cab and their company stores. They are not selling but their company stores are rolling there. People got on those Rock 'N Roll Cabs and they start talking about boy, wouldn’t it be good if we had a power tool organizer at the bottom in one of these drawers. We got that idea. We gave it to the engineers, they put it in place and we’re rolling out this new product and it’s looking to be a good seller. So that’s an example. I guess the only thing is if you have the company owned stores, they just add the flow of ideas back from the field, the customer connection that comes back from the field.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, we only have 35 TechKnow vans now. We actually added a couple Rock 'N Roll Cabs in the last quarter, so that’s growing much more slowly. But we added four TechKnow vans, so they may continue to grow some. Whether we add another extension, we may have some ideas but I don't think I'm going to pre-announce them on the call here. I think that’s the magic and the magicians are trying to find out more techniques and activities or programs that would expand the power of the franchisee. See, I think, one of the things, Joe, I just want to point out. Part of the -- really what the Tools Group has done is they figured out that these vans, these franchisee are a great resource, they are better then anybody else. And they figured out how to help them, be more powerful and amplify that power of that rolling retail space and that really capable and committed entrepreneur that's driving it. And we’re going to do more of that, but I’m not about to announce any more of that.
Nick Pinchuk: As I said many times in these calls, our RS&I is the hardest to characterize from a margin perspective. Yes, we had good growth in things like equipments, which tends to be lower margin. But you know, we had a good quarter in software that offset it. Our software is rolling. When I go out and talk to people, they love our diagnostics. In many cases, they’re solving problems three or four times faster than anybody else -- three to four times faster than anybody else and the software is up. So that’s good stuff. Our Mitchell1 Information business and our Diagnostics and Independent Garages are pretty robust. And okay, equipments growing, but those two things are relatively imbalanced. So I don't think we saw a lot of mix in those numbers except for maybe the acquisition might have been there a little. Now the story of 140 basis points in, I think its 140 basis points in RS&I is we had about 50 and 60 of RCI, and we had – I think we had 70 or 80 of restructuring because last year we had a big restructuring dial up in there. So that’s how you can kind of way you look at that. But still a pretty big dial up of RCI, plus you don’t want to no mistake about this even though the equipment the lower margin business are growing so as the software.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I don’t -- we don’t spend a lot of time agonizing over the difference between gross margin and OE, I kind of test the operations to drive their operating income and I tend to focus on that much more. And what we said is, is that, we believe that we have both run ways for growth and improvement that accrues operating income and from quarter-to-quarter they accrue, those two things accrue in different proportion between gross margin and operating expense. So I wouldn’t call the gross margin necessarily breakthrough, but there’s nothing special in there this quarter. So there is nothing really -- there’s no real -- I don’t think there’s any real onetime event or anything like that. Really I mean you saw you saw our currency numbers in the quarter I think you, our sales were -- what was it 38.5% in currency and about 6.9% in OI and we are -- we have currency headwinds one of the current rate stays the same those will rise. But on the other hand we believe that that's sort of arithmetic, well, we are so enthusiastic about our operating opportunities and you can see it in this quarter the operating opportunities worked out. Currencies are going to go up and down, but the operating gains are going to stay with us forever and we view the 16.7% as being part of that.
Nick Pinchuk: It hasn’t been that -- I don’t think it’s been that thinking about it back here, I have to go back and look it. But I don’t think it’s been that sort of straight lines, but if you looked that it over say like eight quarters or something like that you probably see some kind of movement. I think what happens this order is basically some of our activities are paying off associated with new product development. We do have some new products that are exciting the customers you can create enthusiasm even in what I consider to be a relatively dead market in Europe. New car sales usually doesn’t help us that much, except for the fact that, except for the broader fact that new car sales probably accompanying a more positive economy. It is true though that we made -- I think encouraging gains in selling in Europe. We -- France and Germany which had been a drag in the last couple of quarters. In fact they were down in the last couple of quarters, they were up this quarter and we continued with the Nordic countries and we had some business in Turkey, of course, Eastern Europe was week, so and Spain was up off of a relatively low base. So we kind of saw -- we kind of saw the same progress in Europe that we’ve seen in other quarters, except we started making progress in France and Germany. Eastern Europe is kind of dead right now and Russia is difficult so on. So that’s kind of -- so I guess you could be entitled for the idea, Europe got a somewhat better. But profits were even better, very strong performance because of the effects of RCI.
Nick Pinchuk: A little more than that. I think it’s -- let me see I think it’s about, what is it like 35%, yes 35% is international.
Nick Pinchuk: The euro was down. We have several currencies that impact us on a translation basis. You’ve got -- first of all, you got the euro and then you got the pound and then you’ve got the Canadian dollar. If you look at that and actually when I said 35%, it’s -- I was embracing our northern neighbours here and I was using Canada. If you just look at the United States, talk about, maybe think of Canada, it’s international which is somehow I don’t really always, it’s 40% outside the United States, so Canada is in there. So you see those kinds of variations.
Nick Pinchuk: I mean, basically, one of those companies that is in current -- we are affected by currency, but we have some good -- some reasonable natural hedges from transaction because we tend to make in the markets where we sell.
Nick Pinchuk: No, not in everything, but we are not immune. Certain like this we are currency resistant from a transaction point of view, but we are not immune. So we don’t bring our hands over it. We see it coming like I said clearly we had currency -- we had currency last year actually. We’ve got it this year. If the rates stay where they or rise some, but it doesn’t affect our operating activity because we know that that 16.7% is going to stay with us, that 12.9% is going to stay with us, that 9.8% is going to stay with us.
Nick Pinchuk: I’ll tell you this. I’ll tell you this is that in our numbers 120 basis points for our calculation, no effective currency in that 120. In other words, it all balances out at the corporate level. At the corporate level, it all balances out. So we don't really -- at a margin level, at a margin rate level. So the 16.7% from our perspective is basically all RCI, it’s pretty much – it’s got bad news from pension, it’s got bad news from pension and so on, and it’s primarily RCI and volume productivity.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s got a little bit of restructuring good news, offsetting pension and the rest is productivity, currency doesn’t come in there. But if you go by the various groups, C&I it’s helped a little bit on the margin rate basis, not on an absolute basis by currency. Tools Group being, Tools Group would -- if they didn’t have currency, Tools Group would be much more -- it would have been more than 150 basis points. And our C&I a little bit of currency. But that’s way it kind of works out.
Nick Pinchuk: No. Technician population is probably growing at about 1.3% for government work that would be the number. But the garages, in fact, if anything, if anything actually, depending how far back you go, the dealerships have shrunk. I think the dealerships were about 21,000 before recession, now that it’s 17 or 18. So they have shrunk. The independents have stayed about the same. The independent have taken more share since that’s started before the recession. That seems to may be, now this state always trail. So that’s kind of levelled off a lot of people think now. But I think there hasn’t been a big change in the characteristics, except the independents are becoming more sophisticated, because they have the deal with the changing technologies. 20 years ago there were 50 engines codes on a car, now there is 5,000 engine codes. It’s hard to fix the car without the diagnostic unit now, and we have the best one. And so we are selling them to technicians now, not just the garages and so that’s helping drive our business. So that technology change in the independent space, that’s why we talked about the diagnostic workstation because the independent garages know that people know their cars are more like spaceships these days. And they want to bring them to people who could fix and therefore this diagnostic unit makes it look like wow, this is big computer unit that can fix the car, helps fix the car and it grows confidence. And actually, it helps in terms of accuracy. So, if anything, we’re seeing a greater demand of our product in the independent shops and other shops because of the change in technology, that’s’ the big change.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s still up. But for us new cars don’t matter. I mean, I think, I’ve said that, because the new car sales are almost always -- except in emerging markets place like China and India so on. There is almost always small compared to the installed base to the car part. Consider the U.S. $16 million cars, North America, 17 million 18 million cars sold. There is a 300 million on the road. It’s like a fly spec almost, the new cars, compared to those on the roads So doesn’t really move our business that much up and down and sort of a shortly basis. In terms of Eastern Europe, I think, I would just suggest you that I'm not really sure what’s going on in the Eastern Europe, it’s a cocktail of different countries. So it’s really hard to say, I mean, you see Russia being so weak. On the other hand, our business is up in Poland, for example, if you include that in Eastern Europe.
Nick Pinchuk: So it’s hard to make much prediction about that. I think this is just one of those turbulent things that where traditional economics don't always work in every period.
Nick Pinchuk: But that’s a longer wave event. In other words, you’re right, Richard, but the next year isn’t that much different. It changes some, and so people need to adjust for that. But these things work through over time. I was reacting to the idea that people say while new car sales were up in the first quarter therefore your business is going to be better. I don’t think so. It doesn’t affect us that much.
