Nick Pinchuk: Power tools was down. The most interesting thing, power tools, I hate to say tough comparison. They did have a difficult comparison year-over-year. Last year was one of the bigger quarters. It actually was up sequentially. So we saw some movement there and the pivot towards shorter payback items versus where we were in the fourth quarter. I think that was certainly down the biggest and as I think Aldo said, it was down double digits. Diagnostics was down, but the – one of the things that that did help the profitability was the fact that tool storage was up and hand tools wasn’t as afflicted as the others. And so therefore, what the Tools Group actually makes, remember that in the array of products, the Tools Group for tool storage and hand tools get both distribution and manufacturer’s margin. So that really is what describes the product of array. It was kind of – when we look at it, we can see the effects of pivoting. Tool storage was up, but it was in what we would call the lower end. We’re kind of pleased with it because we worked hard on the Algona plant, trying to do this pivot to get more capacity in the accessory and in the classic line in the carts and the accessories in the classic had big quarters, and those are the lower cost items, which people don’t get as embroiled and longer payback. So we’re kind of pleased with that. And hand tools, I showed you some of the arrays out of customer connection that we rolled out and we’re rolling out more going forward.
Nick Pinchuk: We bought some of that in the quarter toward the end of the quarter. The way the two played out, things got better. I think sales up through demand got better as the quarter went on. So we kind of had some momentum. I hate to overplay that because I’ve seen – I’ve been here a while. I see all kinds of calibrations from quarter-to-quarter. The end did have Easter this year, still it looked pretty good. So I think we’re kind of encouraged by that. And what I meant by that was, I like those two that I brought out. We brought out other ones, and we have an array of new ones coming out in the second quarter around power tools. So I think what I meant there is help is on the way as we had – we introduced in the quarter, a couple of things plus others, because those two I mentioned, plus we’ve got others coming.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. Look, it’s – if you look at it organically without currency and acquisitions, which would raise the numbers actually, with just apples-to-apples, C&I was up 2.2% externally. And I think RS&I was up almost 6%, 5.8%. So RS&I was pretty good right in our – right where we expect them to be all the time. So RS&I really had a pretty good quarter. And actually, given Europe, seven countries in recession and so you see this kind of thing. I think the hand tools business in Europe was kind of in defile. And so the other businesses went pretty well, so we’re pretty pleased with those businesses.
Nick Pinchuk: [Indiscernible] things that sell. When we talk about short payback items, these guys can see the tool and say, hey, I’ve spent a dog’s age fixing these things and this helps. So I think it works out okay for us. Yes.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, we've seen it before. We actually saw in the financial recession, the Great Financial Recession back what, more than 10 years ago. And the COVID is the COVID that the shops weren't down that much. They were down for a few weeks and then they figure out what to do, and they were humming in both situations. But the technicians were confidence poor; they didn't know where the world was going. So if you remember, I think it's approximately in the beginning of the COVID, we had the recoveries coming out when we had that V-shaped recovery in the third and fourth quarter, that was driven a lot by handfuls. Small payback and small payback items, short payback items. And so that's what they do. They kind of say, I don't know – it's very interesting. Financial economy, we have all these calculations. The people have worked think they get up every morning and they see the news for breakfast. And enough of it is bad, they start to lose confidence. And so that's what they're saying. They're saying – they're thinking, geez, I don't know, where are these wars are going to go? They're going to start raising taxes, our kids going to have to fight. The border seems to be a migration, all those things, and they start saying, "Well, I'm not – I know I'm doing good now. But I'm not sure what's going to happen in the future. They don't think in terms of soft landing, hard landing. I'm not sure what's going to happen in the future. So they don't want to get them ourselves out in traffic. Sometimes the narrative about everyday working people is that they're propagating and borrow in bad times. That's not been my experience. These people are pretty much.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. Certainly, I'm tasking the Tools Group to do it at light speed, and we are working on it with alacrity it is an unknowable amount because what happens is as you move your capacity around in the factors actually refocus your capacity, no matter how much you start putting that thing, you start – you start sticking yourself back, you set up more cash to deliver. And sometimes that can be a problem. We despite the number, the number was worse from a, I think, a little bit in the quarter, but we saw progress there. We saw the characteristic shifting. And so we think that's going to work for us because we've seen it work before. I don't know how long that will take. Certainly, we expected to see improvement as we go forward. What the rates of that improvement are, I cannot tell.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know if I accept your first premise that we were more pragmatic in our promotions in the first quarter than usual. I don't know that to be true. David, though, I'm not reviewing every promotion all the time either. So I couldn't sit here and review them at all. I don't think so though. I don't think – our view is like this. The real solution to it is, is the pivot. And the more of these small products, these short payback products, and they're profitable, that we get out, the more sales we'll have, I think trying to promote against the wins like corn water up a rope. And so we're not going to do that. We're not going to do that. I'm not that desperate – you know what I mean? I mean, look, this is a quarter, okay. The quarter is substandard, but we expect improvement. And oh, by the way, I think our margins are still enviable. So I'm not going to – we're not going to go – I'm not saying we won't have good promotions. That's not what I'm saying. But I'm saying we're not going to get our hair on fire on this in the promotion line. We will get our hair on fire and trying to pivot designing short payback items, altering the capacity in the factory and having our people in sales work more on – put more energy into getting our franchisees, how are you going to sell these shorter payback items. Sure. If somebody wants to buy an epic we'll be happy to comment them. But that's what I'm talking about here. I don't think we're going to be promoted any more than normal, any different than normal. Let's put it that way except maybe to focus promotions on maybe some short payback items to try to give people some energy around it. Promotions aren't actually say, but promotions aren't necessarily cost reductions, although they appear to be sometimes price reduction, sometimes it's just about creating energy and focus.
Nick Pinchuk: I'm not saying it wrong, David. I'm just saying I'm not aware – I don't feel like we are frenetic about it. That's all. I don't talk to the wrong guy, if you think I'm following every promotion. I don't. But the envelope, I kind of described to you, we expect to follow.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I don’t know about the volumes, but we certainly got out what we – I liked what happened in Algona, David, the full storage plan. It seemed as though Algona, which had been pounding away on it for a long time as I know you’re very well aware, had made pretty good progress. I think we’re a little behind that in, say, like Elizabethton and [indiscernible] certainly Milwaukee in terms of the handful plant. It may be a little more difficult to create the changes and create the pivot. So I was pleased with what happened. And I don’t know, though not so much liquidation. I don’t think there was that much of that. I think that would have been helped in the fourth quarter some too. So I don’t know. Not really a big factor in the situation.
Nick Pinchuk: I would say there was inventory put back. But maybe a little bit less than about the same, I suppose, is the fourth quarter, maybe not quite the same. So we didn’t see quite because what happens is I think the phenomenon there, Dave, is David, is that remember, I said that everybody was like they were white hot coming out of the SFC and then all of a sudden, everybody is starting to get a little nervous and that caused a little more put back. I don’t think we had that transition piece in this period. So that probably ended up not having as much put back.
Nick Pinchuk: If it helps, David, remember the small – faster payback items. So in diagnostics, diagnostics was down, but the smaller and SOLUS+ was strong in the quarter, and that doesn’t get EC as much as, say, Snap-on ZEUS [ph]. So some of that’s in that situation. But not really much change. I do that, EC doesn’t necessarily follow directly to the activity. Okay.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think the thing is you could, in diagnostics, we did sell the quicker payback items, the SOLUS+. It was the big ticket ones like ZEUS which is quite a bit more expensive that didn’t sell. In power tools, yes, it can be – it can follow very strongly what’s introduced in a certain period. At time, the power tools, I think, looks worse than it is, like I said, it was up sequentially with some reasonable gains. So I think we see progress in the power tools. So I do think – I don’t think we’re seeing that. We’ve seen it before where technicians will focus on things they have an array of things they want to buy from Snap-on. And often, when they’re confronted with this, they make a transition to say, well, where – how can I – I want to see the world play out a little bit more. I’ll buy this wrench or I’ll buy this smaller box or I’ll buy a small diagnostic or I’ll maybe hold on to my power tool a little bit longer. People need the products, but on the other hand, it is an imprecise thing. Sometimes they’ll say, okay, I need a particular power tool or a diagnostics because I had trouble last week on this particular on some Toyota or maybe on a BMW. And they'll say, "Well, I'll wait a little while because I won't see another BMW for a month or two or a quarter three or four months. You'll see that it's an imprecise situation. Simply, our view of it is more – it's always influenced by product, about the new stuff that rolls out, it's a complex array. But what's happening, at least as far as we can report and I've talked to a lot of guys is that technicians – one guy in Northern California said the techs are scared. Another guy talked to in Kentucky – [indiscernible], Kentucky said they're getting involved in the everyday news. It's weighing them down. I got another guy in Nevada and Reno, we said, they're assessing over the election. So I'm telling you, this is kind of a – it's sort of saying, where is the environment going to go? I'm going to keep my powder dry for a while. I'm going to just take it bit-by-bit, I don't want to take a big bite – so when they want to figure out how to repair cars, they don't take a big bite.
Nick Pinchuk: In the COVID, I would say it took three quarters, maybe two quarters for people to get used, and basically that was driven more by the – we're talking about attitude. It took about two quarters, maybe 2.5 quarters for them to say, "Oh, the all clear is blowing". Nothing is really going to happen. We're out of the COVID and the great financial recession is a little longer. But it all depends on how use they get to it. Now we help this by pivoting. Remember that in this situation, we help by giving them more small bites. So some of this has to do with matching the product – the new product available that's analyzing them with stuffs they're willing to take on, and that's what we're doing.
Nick Pinchuk: No. No. No. Demand clues. I mean, fundamentally, it's on a macro basis, Luke, I don't know if it's six months. So this sort of started sometime in October. I don't know how long it is. But the thing is, is that it's pretty much about what people will say, if I buy this now, I can get a payback now, and I don't get committed for longer terms. So I'm not – that's a description in general. Of course, everything I'd say about the technicians probably doesn't apply to every technician and every garage is probably a great landscape for this. But that's simply what we're doing. And so we're getting feedback from the franchisees on this and we're doing a lot of customer connection on it. I'm talking to franchisees all the time. We'll have the NFAC in here in about four weeks. I'll talk to them about it. We're making a lot of cost. So we're getting feedback from those guys, and we have pretty good feedback right now. We know where we're trying to go. And so that we believe that will work for us. Of course, it all won't work but once we execute on that, then we'll iterate to hone in. Now how long that takes. And as I said before, I think our view is our standard is to keep improving I'm not so sure how quickly. But I do think we have the capacity to do it, and we've done it before.
Nick Pinchuk: Look, I think three things about RS&I. One is that you've got – you've got the opportunity associated with the number of new models people are launched. And I thought a slant guy on TV about a month ago, he was talked about 30 new models. I don't know how we're going to get all of those. But every time a new model comes out, this is a good business for us. And every time they have a warranty kind of recall and stuff like that, and that business has been pretty good now for some time. It was up nicely in the quarter, double digits, and the profitability is strong now, so that's a good bit. And so that's a unique at this point, and I think it will keep going as the technologies keep changing. Then you see the equipment business. The equipment business wasn't – it was off, but it wasn't as strongly up because Europe was pummeled by the equipment business. Those recessionary businesses in Europe. I mean, Germany being a recession was a big blow for us in this situation. And so that was harder. That will come back. But it does have the collision business and the equipment business in North America, all of which are booming. And those are nice margins. The margin was up in that business. So that's fueling some of it. And then our software keeps doing pretty well. We talked about the heavy-duty software. And we did have this legal benefit, which was in this ore, and it confirms the proprietary nature of our database. So I think that's – all those things are better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think there is a constant movement between pneumatic and cordless in the power tools or a lot of people are converting to cordless. Not everything can be converted to cordless because people want to have continuous power and of course, the pneumatic will keep going. So if you're doing something over and over, sometimes people prefer pneumatic guns, because they don't run out of battery and they're lighter and all that stuff. So if you have a repetitive situations. But there's a general motion to cordless – we haven't seen any – if you look at the nature of the product line, products and power tools, what you see is sales that follow introduction of new products. Every time we bring out a new product, that tends to raise that particular category. I haven't seen much of a particular pullback. I think the need for power tools in industrial settings in critical industry settings remains moving at pace in the garage is less so because of the aforementioned uncertainty. That's all. That's the only color I can add in that situation.
Nick Pinchuk: I'm not sure what you mean by point of sale. Okay. Yes. Look, sell off the van was better than our sell to the van this quarter particularly towards the end. So that's – we sold – our franchisees sold more of their vans than they bought in this situation – and that gap expanded a little bit as we went forward in the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I don't know, you may have a better view. Look, if you talked – I just talked – I talked – we talked to 36 franchisees and none of them mentioned I'm losing share. Nobody mentioned I'm losing share. So I don't think that's happening. And although these are windshield surveys and not based on data. But they don't seem to be in that situation. They can say, their view is, well, tougher to sell because people aren't buying, I don't have the big ticket items I used to sell and that carves down my product line that I can get to people to move on.
Nick Pinchuk: Nobody's saying that I don't know. The Matco guys are smart guys. They may be able to – they may have some magic at, we don't know. But every place, it's hard to – what we found is we never really paid too much view of that over one quarter, those things go up and down. So I don't know. I can't really comment on their business, but I'm not hearing anything from our franchisees that would indicate that's a problem for us. Generally, we think that we sell to different people anyway.
Gary Prestopino: Nick, can you maybe – could you maybe just help me out here? I mean, the market for repair – auto repairs is very strong. Sometimes takes longer than you would expect to get your car repaired, even on the collision side.
Gary Prestopino: But yet you’re saying your power tools are down and diagnostics down. Don’t the technicians really need to have these products in order to do their jobs correctly and efficiently and quickly. So I guess what I’m asking is, is this just really a function of maybe what’s going on with the Tools Group is that your diagnostic products have kind of permeated the channel, and there’s not a lack of demand that is maybe being driven by the fact that everybody’s needs have been taken care of. And then on the other side, the power tools, maybe there’s just hasn’t been the opportunity to innovate as much as you had maybe last year to drive growth? I’m just trying to square all this together.
Gary Prestopino: All right. And then I guess the last – you had mentioned that this had happened before, I think, in The Great Recession.
