Nick Pinchuk: Now, I don’t like to give you -- I don’t, I think, it’s -- you start worrying too much of our quarter-to-quarter, Scott, Scott you go hikidi, bikidi, boo [ph] around here about, because things change depending on the models you bring up. But I will say that Tool storage was the leader, it was double digits, a nice quarter and it came -- and targets were in a factor, what happened at this time is, we started to get more of the bigger boxes out, the EPIQ and the Master Series. We had some great new offerings. Our Supernova Masters Series with the electric blue and the copper trim, that seemed very popular. So it was a great quarter. Carts were continued to be strong, but EPIQ, the bigger boxes, the regular tool storage box, we could call Roll Cabs or not made the difference. So it was a pretty good quarter. The Tools Group really, I mean, I think, it did have a great quarter. By the way, did I mention that the Tools Group NOI margin was 23.9% in the quarter? I think, I have mentioned that. That was -- I think that says it all. I will tell you. And by the way, in the quarter hand tools were already -- were also up and also -- that’s a nice factor for us, up strongly. But the big impact in the quarter...
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, the inventories are up, the guys are crying for more inventory, when they go out there and their inventory turns are substantially below pre-pandemic levels. So the inventory turns are higher at this time and not below pre-pandemic levels, they are above pre-pandemic levels. So they are substantially higher at this time. And the sell-through was better this quarter than it was last quarter. When you look at it overall, it seems to be right in line with our overall sales. So we think it’s moving along nicely. I do believe our guys want more inventory. I do believe they want more. And I would say in our business, there’s still, we got a little better at delivering, but we still like, we still have a pretty good backlog. People are clamoring for our products still.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Well, it’s across the Board, but the collision business has been a star in this situation. We acquired Car-O-Liner a few years ago and we anticipated that collision with the deployment of the neural network around the sensors, around the sort of driver assist systems would make collision a very lucrative area and it seems to have played out. So collision is among the top four undercar equipment, but generally it’s all roll pretty well. The independent repair shops are optimistic. They are seeing the, well, I said it in my call, investment up, spending up, technicians up, wages up, they can see it all come in through. So they are white hot in terms of their optimism, in terms of the situation. So it get them to invest more. That’s what you are seeing in undercar equipment.
Nick Pinchuk: Last quarter, I don’t think had any impact on this quarter. But it was mostly in the last quarter where you saw, it might have had some impact on originations, because last quarter you -- from a sales point of view, there was a skewing towards the back end of the quarter, because the breach was in the early parts of the quarter, so you saw that going out. And as I said, last time we thought we had pretty robust sales in some of the big ticket items, but they hadn’t made their way through the vans yet necessarily and that probably worked out this quarter. I think the big driver though, Luke, is the product. I think the optimism of the technicians and the product itself. I think, what does drive originations is the view of people saying, wow. I really like these EPIQ boxes I got and we had a more available now. We are getting better at delivering them. During the pandemic we had some fits and starts, so we are pushing a little more carts and now we have a little bit more of the basic roll cabs. So I think that’s what drove the higher originations in this time. We still see pretty good RA, the finance by the franchisees seemed pretty solid. That wasn’t down in the course. So that was pretty strong. As I said, hand tools were up. So I think it’s pretty much product driven. What you see in the Tools Group, I mean, the Tools Group is on a pretty big momentum. If you look back over the pre-pandemic levels, they were up 9%, and what was that, Q4 2020 then 15%, then17%, then 21%, then 22%, then 24% and 28% this quarter. And by the way, they came through the quarter, they exited the quarter stronger. They are on the mail train. They have got momentum rolling. And so I feel pretty good about that and that’s playing out in some of the now broader product lines in Tool Storage. We did, as I said in the last call, that doesn’t mean that carts were down any, they were still strong in the quarter just that the low cash got bigger.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think, look, I think, higher software margins are, you are going to see it, one of the things you are seeing in our -- remember we said, we are pivoting away from titles where we sold updates, we call it titles, but they are basically updates on software every six months, we are pivoting to a subscription business. So that tends to stretch out your revenue was a little bit -- it effects revenues in the quarter. And so, but our subscriptions are up deep, our subscribers are up deep double digits in this quarter year-over-year. So that seems to be working for us. So we are pretty pumped about the possibilities in that, but you know you have some, I guess, I would say, recognition questions as you go through this period. So you don’t quite see it coming through, but I can see it coming through in the future. And as I said, with the array of electronic products we have around software, from the diagnostic software to the Mitchell 1 software, to Dealer-FX to electronic parts catalogs to vehicle checks. We feel we are repair, information headquarters and it’s going to become bigger and we are going to see it roll through that business earlier. Now if you ask me to expect to see the equipment business attenuate, I hope not. I am not hoping for it, just because it’s low margin, it doesn’t seem, it doesn’t mean I don’t want the profits, I do. So and I could see that go, that was down -- you might remember, it was down, it was pretty much flat on its back for a couple of quarters, couple of three quarters earlier and it’s bouncing back from that. We have seen a lot in independent repair shops and I would figure after the dealerships start to get used to the situation, I think, they will discombobulated by the low supply and what are they doing associated with this sort of a little bit -- little more reluctant in situation. When they come online, I think, that will be even greater.
Nick Pinchuk: And by the way, just, Bret, before the Tools Group will execute -- Tools Group guys will execute be if I leave this conference call, not saying that it also have inflationary impacts on it and price is going up. So it’s not just RS&I and C&I. They also have to deal with that and I got to give them credit for that. But look, here is the thing, it’s hard for us to determine, because we know we have some pricing, but it isn’t the majority of it. Looking at our factories, we know we have products in demand. There is rolling off there and our guys are up to their eyeballs in demand. So we know that’s a positive situation. The other thing is it’s hard, because you know we have list prices. But the list prices don’t -- are very from product to product and they come out on an average, you might say your raising sales 3.5% or something like that but products. And then overlaying on top of that we have a lot of new tools, we keep roll in new tool. In fact, million dollar tools we have dozens a quarter rolling out and then, across the network. And then we have promotions that occur week to week and they can be lean or rich and taken up the big effect. So it’s hard for us to say. I would say the minority of the increases in pricing and the majority is in volume for us. We think that’s the situation in this situation in our environment. Now, that varies from Group to Group and so on. Now if you talk about where we are getting the biggest impact, our biggest inflationary impact, Bret, is trying to buy on the spot market, because we have said we want to deliver the best we can. We have demand. We want to deliver. We are not keeping up with all the demand, but so we are buying like chips on the spot market. And I can go -- that can fluctuate wildly. We buy components for power tools and other things on a spot market, that can move wildly. If you look at commodities, I would say, look, we buy several, many grades of steel, but if you look at steel for tool storage and steel for, let’s say, lifts, hot rolled and cold rolled, there both coming off a little bit. They are getting a little better. They are coming down. If you look at steel for hand tools, it’s at its top and now they are still not back to the steady state levels but they backed off a little bit. The steel for hand tools, which we call rod steel, that’s pretty much reached the top level and it’s flattened out but it hasn’t abated for us yet and we are not seeing too much abatements in freight, you see those kinds of things flowing through. I would expect this stuff, as I believe that as the COVID turbulent start the micro viscosity start -- stop happening, you are going to see the stuff start to drift downwards, because you are not going to have the interruptions in supply and therefore it’s going to get more regular and therefore the prices are going to come down. But I don’t have a crystal ball on that. That’s sort of our view of the situation.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s hard for me to say because it changes. It’s all over the map depending on where you are. In the Tools Group, you have a list price and the other places, you are pricing product-by-product and it depends on the size of the product and a lot of different things. So, all I am saying is, I think, if you wanted to step back and you look at our pricing, it’s the minority of our growth.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. We don’t have -- it’s hard for us to get a handle on all of that, because you tend to start out with people at lower levels. But we are adding technicians. I can’t parse that thing for you. We are certainly aiming at that and it’s been successful, but we are also selling more to the existing technicians because their wages are going up, they are getting more optimistic. And also it’s not a situation where we see static activities. I will say the number of technicians we have on the books are going up and that includes some new people. So that’s about all I can give you on that. I think there are both things in play at least, because of the...
Nick Pinchuk: And it makes sense. I just want to add this, because it makes sense, because we believe it’s great for us to get new technicians and that’s a one component of growth that I have talked about for a dog’s age here. But it’s also in this environment clear that existing technicians, young or old are going to need new products. And they are actually going to need more a greater array of these products as you get more and different powertrain, as you get more of these automated features in the system. So we anticipate both effects being lucrative forward motion, it would be wrong to think that either one was maybe -- to think that they weren’t both good avenues for growth.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I don’t, well, we like to think we got bit more out the door. But I don’t think that’s it. I think, look, I think we are making a little bit of penetration. As I tried to say in our remarks, we are getting better at handling the turbulence. I’d like to say we are not as dumb as we look and a lot of people would say that would be impossible. But we are kind of learning quarter by quarter and C&I has the longest learning curve, because they have the most impact of all this stuff that’s happened. I mean, C&I in Shanghai, there is that one thing -- by the way, we were up in Asia in C&I, so they did pretty well in that regard. So what we are seeing is, we are seeing our ability to manage the turbulence better. We are also seeing some warming, like in this quarter, one of the things that was very encouraged by is that the military wasn’t down as much in the quarter. The military is kind of coming back. It’s still down. You know what I mean, I am still -- I don’t like it, but it’s still -- it’s coming back. So it wasn’t as big of a hole this quarter, as it has been in the past. And also general industry, I don’t know if you saw that comment, general industry was up and aviation in total was up, particularly international aviation believe it or not. So, general industry which implies the widest category for us, in terms of that, that has so many different segments and that was up strongly. So I kind of think the critical industries are coming, getting stronger, recovering from the impact. So we feel pretty good about that. In our business are looking better. Now, that’s why we were particularly pleased about this 7.6% growth organically in C&I. That made us -- that gave us great encouragement. And in reality, the 14.4%, yeah, it was down 140 basis points year-over-year, but 14.4% aren’t chop liver for C&I, it’s not so bad. And was up 100 basis points versus last quarter and down 2020 versus 2019 against the pretty severe impact of acquisitions and currency, I think, it was 80 basis points. So those -- they are points were pretty good for us, we were encouraged by it.
Nick Pinchuk: I think you see more demand for the diagnostic, but you also see the hand tools. I think, if you look at the -- they are in the car park, but they are -- if you look at -- it’s one thing to look at it versus the sales. If you look at them in the car park, it gets to be pretty thin. You are not seeing -- not that many garages are seeing a lot of them. So the guys are talking to us about this and we sell hand tools and we sell some diagnostics that you have -- it’s not a special diagnostic form, but it’s a diagnostic that would have the capabilities to deal with those things. So you are not seeing -- they are still pretty thinly distributed across unless maybe you are in Southern California or something like that or maybe New York City or some, you might see some of those garages, but we are not seeing huge demand. Mostly we are getting ready for what we think will be the demand going forward. We think this is going to be a tidal wave. And so that’s one of the reasons why we acquired Dealer-FX to get a look at these things.
Nick Pinchuk: I would say, we didn’t expect it to be that big. This one -- the couple -- of course, this is an earnings call, so I pick some of the ringer as you know and I put them on. But the thing is that, those guys blew out the doors and we didn’t anticipate it be that good, otherwise we would have done a bigger run to begin with. So that’s the situation. Just the demand was really high. Now, on top of that, I will tell you that we believe we need more capacity, because we have demand, so we are looking at that situation wise and we will have to go back and try to schedule another run in the handful plants, which is already over scheduled, but we will try to put that in and roll out with some more. Obviously though, if you are do that, I mean, the reason why we are running a hand tool plants, they got a lot of demand. So we see ourselves that sitting on some further opportunities if we can just rollout more product and we are working on it. In terms of expanding the plant we have an expansion plan for our Milwaukee hand tool plants, where this plans was built.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. Look, I think, they are having talks about that, but generally you are talking about insulated tool, some of the obvious stuff like some diagnostics stuff, some insulated tools, some lift tables for the batteries, those kinds of things. And then what will happen, Ivan, is the mechanics don’t know yet what they don’t know, you know what I mean, about preparing the tool.
Nick Pinchuk: Those new cars get into the dealerships and the mechanics will discover where they need new tools to deal with it. That’s a whole other level of array. So we are talking right now about the common things that you might -- you observe from early days from the -- you hear from the OEMs, are you see the very, very -- very early days in the OEM garages and those are the things that I just talked about like insulated tools and some diagnostics some analysis routines and also some lift tables and other stuff around electric vehicles and then you are going to hear as a guys start repair them, let’s say, geez, these particular vehicles are different, I need a special tool to do this and that’s where we start rolling out our activity we start building more tools to match. That’s a whole other array and that’s one of the thing really takes off for us.
Nick Pinchuk: That’s -- reason I have mentioned is handled by another division. But that’s also true. A lot of this stuff is going to -- the equipment -- the whole equipment line that doesn’t go through the vans is a whole other issue that’s going to need new stuff, because these things are heavy, as you know being a car expert.
Nick Pinchuk: Correct. Correct. You got it. That’s right. I mean the batteries are, before I -- I think most people don’t realize, how heavy these batteries are actually. There’s a lot of weight underneath that -- under that chassis. So it’s going to be an issue. It’s going to revolutionize garage I believe as things go out. And again, I want to point out that, the OEMs will figure this out early, but then there will be a lot of unforeseen complications that change it again after your first wave of change. So we are pretty pumped. That’s why I say we are entering the golden age of car repair.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Congratulations on another great quarter and the great results.
Ivan Feinseth: And then as your franchisees interact with OEM mechanics, what kind of feedback or discussions are they having about preparing to ramp up for new tools to handle the EVs that are at some point going to explain...
Ivan Feinseth: And then I assume you are going to need some kind of new types of lifts to handle the access or battery swapping because of the way is…
