Nick Pinchuk: Yes, well year-over-year was up. I think the first quarter is always a little weaker than the fourth quarter on most situations. So I don't think it's a comparable thing. We were pretty encouraged by it though. But I think more than that I'm encouraged by hearing the way franchisees are reacting to our product. I spent a whole day with our National Franchisee Advisory Council over the weekend and they couldn't say enough about it. With some of our new colors and wraps and so on, and some of the new products, that bench, we launched the 1422. We started out calling it the AN, but - the IQON, but that had to do with a special surface. And this takes advantage of that, only it's kind of a much more versatile thing. And that's just an example of the kind of cool things that our guys are bringing out, and they're driving tool storage volume. Now of course, again you have to keep earning their confidence and earning their excitement, but we feel pretty good.
Nick Pinchuk: You know, I'm seeing new products and new technologies roll out and I think this is just me talking in terms of my opinion, but I think having worked in the auto industry, what happens is when they behold, an auto industry it turns down like a needle [ph]. And I think IHI predicted downturns in the new car sales. They tend to think about it for a little while. I think they tend to understand -- try to understand where they're going to put their money. And so from time to time it does put a freeze on our projects, not to mention they match technology and so on. And I think after a while they realize how lucrative the aftermarket is with parts and services, so they start investing again. And I think that's what we're seeing. Plus we're seeing programs come out. We can see the programs rise. So, we feel okay about that, although we don't give guidance or anything, but I feel kind of positive. And we said it was going the come back.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, you know, yes. But I don't like the -- I haven't given out the number because I don't want to nail myself to the cross of that thing. In other words, I don't want to be reporting on it, but generally we want to launch more of those, and we have. In fact I'll give you the -- and note that last year, I think we launched six or seven times more new products than -- about six-and-a-half times, or six to seven times more new products than we had launched in 2006, so about 10 or 11 years ago, so there's been quite -- new hit products, million-dollar products. So, we have been driving it upwards, and it's kind of one of our metrics that we follow here, although if it went down one year I wouldn't be slitting my wrists or anything or really wringing my hands. But on the other hand, we like to see it goes upward. And we also are expanding our product line, not million-dollar products, but the products that address different customers in critical industries. So last year, we introduced 5,242 new products in that area just because we have a whole range of those vertical industries, and we want to adapt to particular demands, particular applications. So that's what's driving our business, new product. And the range of it is what I try to say or try to give a feeling for in my presentation.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay, all right. Look, in diagnostics. The diagnostics was up in the Tools Group, fairly -- the Tools Group was kind of a good quarter we thought. I mean you would say it was a good quarter, but was kind of broad advancement, so diagnostics was up positively. The P1000 was the -- the motorcycle diagnostics was a good one, but others sold reasonably well. I didn't say the Apollo was up gangbusters or anything like that, I just referred to Apollo as recognized by Undercar Digest. So, I don't really want to get into what sold and what didn't sell, because you can drive yourself crazy trying to analyze the ups and downs of different diagnostics in the quarter, different diagnostic sales or any different product line in the quarter. We find that not to be a very productive exercise because it depends generally on what people have on the van and how we promote them and how they're focused on selling and what captures their attention. And that changes from quarter to quarter. But I think it's fair to say that it was a fairly robust -- I think I can say fairly robust quarter in diagnostics in Tools Group.
Nick Pinchuk: I think orders were about -- I guess it varied from place to place. There was quite a bit of variation this year from place to place. I think it wasn't anything special I would say. But we've learned -- David, what we've learned about this is that I think as you -- I don't if we've learned it, we've known it all along, I think we've kind of tried to articulate this. Whether you're talking about SFC or whether you talk about the kickoffs, they are only one component of the forward action. The biggest thing that happens in the kickoffs, of course, having more orders is better than -- having more orders than - really robust order is better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick, but it doesn't deliver the quarter. And so we had a good kickoff season, but I wouldn't call it really gangbusters. On the other hand the follow-ons were very strong as well. So I think it's useful to look at it, but it isn't definitive even for the immediate quarter. We felt good about it. I particularly felt good about the training that occurred and some of the coaching that occurred in those situations, because our product line is only getting more complicated. It's more powerful, and it's generating great margins, as you can see in our product lines.
Nick Pinchuk: I think about the same. One of the great things I heard -- I read a lot of things. One of the great things, I was with the franchisees this weekend, like I said, last week. And one of the great things, music to my ears, they said "You've given us the best values we ever had." That's what I want them to say. By the way, our margins overall for the corporation, 51.2%, gross margins I'm talking about. I don't like to talk about gross margins, but in this instance I will. 51.2% against currency was the highest in 20 years. The Tools Group - the Tools Group -- around the highest in 20 years, but the thing is very good. And the Tools Group was very robust, and it against 40 basis points of currency. So I love people saying you gave us great value. And by the way, that great value translated into good margins for us.
Nick Pinchuk: New products. New product drives a lot of that. That's one of the things. And our guys' programs are very creative, and they impel selling, and they attract franchisees even if it's not new product, so that's part of the magic of the magician doing it. But coming back to your question, we had about, I think, in gross margin we had about 40 basis points of bad news in currency. And then there we had a slug. I don't want to really get into material costs and tariffs and all that stuff, there's a lot of turbulence. And we're not as vulnerable as a lot of people, but we have impact. Everybody else knows what's happened with material costs, it's going up. We usually -- we offset them. So in this quarter, the Tools gross margin is a great example. Look, you got currency. You got turbulence in the supply chain. You have some impact in tariffs, which we worked through. And yes, we've kept it flat. We had all of those running through our overall P&L and she shook them off, plus big currency. So I'm pretty happy about Snap-on value creation this quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: I think there was. I think in general, you know, as you might think, in the U.K. U.K. has been struggling a little bit, so we tend to want to try to get that started back on the train. And so anybody who is running a business like that that's in that kind of turbulence really tries to push around in terms of maybe making some concessions and so on. So I don't think the international gross margins were as robust as the U.S., for sure. And it reflects the idea that the sales were down. And that's what those guys do, that's what we ask them to do, get the train started again, and then we worry about getting our money after that train starts.
Nick Pinchuk: I'll let Aldo talk in a minute, but I got to say this. First of all, there isn't temporal connection between the originations in one quarter and the selling, of course because there's time differences and so on there's a lot of things that flow through this. So it's not a productive -- I don't think it's very easy, even by us, to be able to necessarily tie those two together very directly. You have to look over at March at time and look for -- because I guess the best way to say it is, for connection between sales of new products -- sales of product and originations a quarter isn't necessarily a significant time period.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, I think you could argue critical industries, this quarter we had a couple of -- we've gotten a couple of big government jobs, big defense systems that are military jobs that are good for us. The idea that government go and cross the T's and dotting the I's and getting all that stuff out we're confident we're going to have those, but they were delayed out of the quarter, and that that kind of was created at that attenuation of some significance for the C&I Group. And then, there's a few markets which give them some problems particularly and gave them some problems this time, they sell into Latin America. They had some problems and they had some weakness in those markets. Mexico tends to be a bigger market for them in this situation. And so, they had those kinds of difficulties if you talk about Asia-Pacific, China is very good news on China. China was particularly down, but India was really encouraging. So I think we're looking forward, we're starting to think that China and India are horns on the same boat where everybody starts to think that that China is the big Kahuna and everything will India is starting to come up for us. We're starting to get big shells work, we're making increases in leaps and bounds in that environment and we don't see it attenuating. So I'm reasonably encouraged. Now of course aren't probably going to kick myself for saying this, but C&I is one of the most international businesses and there are turbulences around the world. You don't have to look at Europe too hard to see Germany wondering what's happening to the industry there. You see the U.K. and so on. So, you see some ups and downs but C&I did okay in those markets, they had problems in the peripheral markets like Mexico and Latin America and in Middle East and so on. I don't think that's going to last.
Nick Pinchuk: I feel pretty, I just the reason it is that I feel pretty positive about are our products. For example, Asia-Pacific start to sell to people like Cormack with the ATC, the ATC start to become the tool storage Foreign Object Damage product of choice in Asia that takes off it's good for us. So I feel good about those things.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look I think what happened in the fourth quarter was more like we wanted to focus on customers. I think what we said was in diagnostics we wanted to focus on customers that weren't that interested in software. So we energized around the last generation products the solace and the modest. And sold those and of course they were last generation, so they tended to be less margins and other things. We that would be what happened in the fourth quarter, we're pivoting away with that, away from that now and we're making some adjustments in our new generation product lines to appeal to people who are less enthusiastic about software and still we're able to sell it to them. So I don't think that's going to repeat itself although Murphy's Law being what it is, I don't think by intent that will repeat itself. I don't see us going there by intent. I feel pretty good about the tools March now. Currency is going to continue. I mean what we see is that currency was pretty big this quarter, I think $6.2 million, $0.08 we see if everything stays away it is now, we see next quarter's kind of the same thing starts to get better in the third quarter and it kind of flattens out to fourth quarter but we're going to see currency headwinds in the Tools group in particular in the quarter, so we won't get rid of that. That's the thing, but I still feel pretty good about the margins I think when I talk to our franchisees and I talk to their guys they seem confident there's a spring in their step.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I think what I'm saying is we're making we made adjustments around that and we're launching new products, we're going to launch new products as we go forward and we did see some improvements this quarter, the fourth quarter as I said was a specific activity that said, I think I said we found after several quarters of driving intelligent diagnostics with the big data package, we're leaving a certain customer segment behind. So we went after them in the fourth quarter, we're not going after them anymore because we thought we sold them. We added them. We got them in the fold back in the fold.
Nick Pinchuk: Wow, our job is to fix things like that, okay. But so, you can get better, but it's still a headache. You mentioned U.K. to me and the Tools Group and I immediately get a migraine, but it is getting better Europe -- in the last few quarters have gotten better. So it hasn't been to Australia still problem, but some of them gotten better. So that particular business has gotten better still not as fast as the U.S. I do feel okay about it. So I think our people are taking action. And we're not just not sitting still we're acting on this. And so, I believe we're on an upward trajectory, the time concept of that structure. The slope of that trajectory is another question.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, it was -- I think, the sales of the bandwidth a little bit lower, but generally, when you look over, three, four or five quarters are about the same. What's going on a van is going off, so no big difference.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. I mean, I think new product is a thing, which energizes the franchise it's a kind of thing, which gets people to get on the van. They buy the new product and they buy some other things as well. Now, of course, that is necessarily true, it's a $10,000 toolbox or something. But generally, if they're buying a let's say, in FDX instead of sockets with FDX, a Flank Drive Extra, you get them on the van, they end up leaving with something else usually. So I think there's that kind of thing. So I don't think we never really track how much of new product drives that. I do know, though that it's a robust portion because they drive good margins. Anytime we bring out a new project -- a new product, we get our value for them. And so, you see the Tools Group nice margin. That's why we liked the new product. And the cool thing about it is, despite what people might think is that generally the changing vehicle complexity is pretty strong. And the cool thing about this is I know that some people would say that technicians aren't growing quickly and you know they are growing like 1%. But everywhere I go, people say I can't feel the jobs I have. So we're seeing, I anticipate in the future, some influx of new technicians. That's why we're spending all it's time and schools. That's why we have 468 schools using Snap-on certified Snap-on certifications. And we're in 2500 schools because we're making those people that are going to eventually fill those slots, customers for life. So I feel okay about I think the Tools Group is pretty good. Now I would correct you on one thing. I did not say that it was robust growth for three quarters; I only said it was a growth for three quarters. So some of that growth was a little slimmer than the mid-single digits, let's say. But it's a positive to see them moving upwards, if there's a trajectory there, that if you're a guy like me, you're pretty encouraged.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think there is both in there. It's hard for me to -- it's hard for me to parse between those. I mean you will be entitled to both of those ideas. Look, I think the thing is I mean people have talked about this. And I think somebody might reasonably ask me and say, well, is that the appropriate level of losses? Well, I think people have worry that those losses were going to go through the roof. I think not. It's certainly we have been sitting at and we have been dealing with that for a long time. And it has not gone through the roof. And by the way, the fact does anybody thinks the finance company isn't a good business? It is. And so, I do believe we feel pretty confident about the quality of those loans, and getting better is a combination possibly of both things, I think.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, diagnostics in the tools group was up. Diagnostics in the RS&I group can be split into two categories. One is sales for the tools group. And then it sells a variety of software and diagnostic-related software and handheld units outside the tools group outside the van distribution. So the sales through the tools group were up in the quarter for diagnostics. The sales outside of the software particularly in the U.K. that software that was down quite a bit in this quarter, so that the -- the net of that diagnostics inside RS&I was down some, but if you parse them, healthy to the tools group. Outside that channel, down primarily because it's software stuff that rolling -- software stuff that was rolling through Europe and it wasn't as strong. It wasn't strong. Now in terms of introductions, it's already been announced that we are bringing out -- I was told not to talk about this on the call, but since you asked we have already announced the introduction of something called the Triton which is the replacement sort of like the one level down from the ZEUS and above the Apollo. You might -- so that kind of business it's replacement for what we call the MODIS. And that's been launched just recently -- just in the second quarter. So, we didn't have any sales at all in the first quarter. And we are still kind of rolling it out. When you roll these things out, you don't necessarily roll them out nationally. So that has the kind of thing that's happening now. But, we are pretty -- I think talking to the franchises over the weekend who had some of -- whom had seen it and had the -- saw the presentation, they were pretty positive about it. It's a $35 to $4000 product. Good product. And we think it will be a good seller. It adds the addition of scoping. So, it's aimed at mechanics who are working on projects that are high value and they can't afford to replace the component that they found is the problem. And has taken them three hours to remove, they can't afford to replace that problem. It takes three hours to remove and replace it and find out it wasn't bad. While the Triton different than the Apollo will allow you test that component before you take it out, and say is it good or bad. So it avoids big mistakes and makes it much more efficient in the garage for those people who are doing those kinds of activities.
Nick Pinchuk: I don't know. We just we launched it in the first quarter with a good seller. We will see. I think we feel pretty good though. I mean there are a lot of motorcycles around. Lot of motorcycle shops, and this is the only all makes -- or pretty much all makes all models diagnostic. So it's as I said on the call, it's an underserved market. It was received enthusiasm. I feel positive about it. But to dimension it, it's a little early. We are not experiencing that thing yet. It is a good seller over in the quarter. Sure.
Nick Pinchuk: No, we actually have a category called general industry. I did mention general industry as being up in the critical industries area. And that's where we use torque. And you are very right. We would use -- we do use it in general industry quite a bit. They tend to be more one-off type of applications where the airplanes like I said there are lot of different situations where you can categorize them in bigger buckets. I think the general industry tends to be a little bit more customized. So, we tend not to mention in these calls, but it's a big category for us. You are very right. And so, we have a lot of opportunities there. And that's why we acquired Sturtevant Richmont. We acquired fast torque. We acquired Norbar to add to that capability of City of Industry, California. We will be coming -- we feel pretty good that in the industrial sector we may be the top torque business. We believe we may be the top torque business. And we are getting better because we are matching all our capabilities like talked about Sturtevant Richmont with their wireless capability together with a micro capability to compact capabilities of our City of Industry, our traditional strength putting together that BLEC tech micro. That's the kind of thing we are see in the future. And we believe that torque because everybody is looking for more positioning including the automotive industry, you know, by the time vehicles come precision is going to be really important because you don't want to be hitting the automatic part if you are not in precise calibration.
Nick Pinchuk: There are so many opportunities at Snap-on for growth. Every time we do something like this, we say to ourselves what happened. How is it we didn't think of that earlier? So, -- okay.
Aldo Pagliari: I'll answer that one first, I'll let Nick dive into diagnostics. Corporate expense clearly benefited mostly this quarter by the $11.6 million reduction in our liability under the legal matter. But also it benefited in the quarter from about $1.6 million to $2 million or so of pension related expenses, which now fall below the line of the new accounting standard. So pension expense should continue on moving forward, however in the middle of the year you'd typically get the true-up of your census data, find out how long people are living, things of that nature. So, long answer to your question, Bret. I'd still say it's in the $90 million range, $92 million range on an annual basis. And again, you can get puts or takes on that depending on what level of spending might be around due diligence if you're looking at acquisitions or what the actual healthcare cost to the company come in at, that's what creates some noise around the fringes.
Aldo Pagliari: I've got to agree with that, David. It's just a matter of timing more than anything else. So the other slight differences to make your modeling more difficult, you have to remember the EC originations will report that as not currency affected. So, you look at the currency variations, they create some noise as well. But mostly it's timing.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, we'll wait and see. We'll see what Q2 has to portray. It depends what the franchisees do with selling off what they bought in Q1, doesn't it.
Aldo Pagliari: The guys who run those businesses are listening to this call. So, I am not going to say that I was happy with being them. That's all I will say about that.
