Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I said the last quarter, and I think that this does certainly continue, it starts to abate going into the fourth quarter. We said last time it would be about another quarter of tough comparisons, starts to get a little bit better next quarter, and, of course, gets better as we go into the first quarter. So we start to get out of the worst of it as we move forward into the next quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think equipment comes back in the fourth quarter. It has a stronger fourth quarter so you’ll see that come back. Equipment historically has a weak third quarter. We'll see some snap back of that in the fourth quarter on a seasonal basis. I don't expect the facilitation business to back off in the fourth quarter though. So I think what you're going to see, looking forward is, as I've outlined I think, in our – as was outlined in our comments, you'll see a seasonal recovery of the Equipment business. And I think that will affect the mix in that way. OEM will stay -- the OEM facilitation business will stay about where it is.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. We look at big ticket -- as you say, big ticket is kind of our bellwether for storms coming. And we haven't seen any back-off in the aggregate big ticket. If you're looking at that category, you're talking about tool storage units, larger equipment items and larger diagnostics. And that business has, in aggregate, been fairly strong. Now of course, it can be effective from quarter-to-quarter by product launches and shows and so on, but we feel still that we don't see any indication of downturn in that -- out of that data. In fact, our aligner business is, which is really sort of our ultimate big-ticket event is up quite strongly in this quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hear you. I don't think so. Now I'll point out though that the third quarter is kind of squirrelly in Europe so if you’re going to look week-by-week or month-by-month, it's very hard to interpret anything. I think I've said that kind of consistently. But as I'd step back at it and look from a macro point of view, we don't see this. In fact, just as you said, I've said this many times and I think in the last fortnight, a number of people have said the same thing to me. If we could unplug the TVs and then withdraw from the Internet, people wouldn't be talking about a downturn. I just think our businesses look okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Our ranking for use of cash, one organic growth. We have lots of places we can put it. For example, some of the build in working capital in Asia and so on and then emerging markets and investing in capital expenditures support things like our R&D center and so on. Secondly would be acquisitions around that core coherent group, making us -- allowing us to expand in the garage, extend to critical industries or build in emerging market, any of those dimensions, we'd be looking at that. And then dividends, where we feel pretty strongly that our dividends for perpetuity, because we've never – we’ve paid a dividend every year since 1939 and never reduced it. So we look at moving our dividend up, but it's always in the context that we're never going to move, it's permanent for us. And then after that, we offset shares -- we offset dilution by buying back shares. So those are the orders in which we look at it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I can just tell you that we look at it every quarter with the Board. And so I think you guys can draw your own conclusions in looking at our history in this kind of things. I think we moved it last November, right? So you guys can look at that and draw your own conclusions. I can only say we look at it every quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, sure. I think we've said 4% to 6%, and this is kind of in that range. I think we tried to make the point in the call that okay, this is a 3.5% percent or 3.6% growth, but actually if you look at it from the perspective of recapturing pre-recessionary levels, it's a fairly positive quarter. And so now we're back to pre-recession levels so I think you're talking about that 4% to 6% range going forward.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. I think we can. I mean, I think that we have share gain to add. We have places where we have not unleashed the Snap-on brand. I think that's what coherent growth is all about. We're not looking at necessarily -- we're not necessarily looking at riding economics upwards. We're looking at, if you think about what we're doing, we're talking about taking the Snap-on brand to critical industries where it's never been done -- never done before in a real serious way. We're talking about emerging markets, which are growing at faster than whatever it is, 1% or 2%. And we know there are technicians we do not call on in the Tools Group. And we could do that. So I think we feel pretty good about that. Now I want to emphasize that I've said 4% to 6% kind of an annual over time basis. I'm not saying you can do it every single quarter, but I think if you look at those numbers, capturing more technicians through the efficiency of the vans, extending out into critical industries which are places we haven't gone before, which is kind of like share capture, building in emerging markets, where the wave is still rising and getting into the garage a little bit more by offering more products. I think those places ride above the specific GDP numbers. Now if everything crashes, and we have a really terrible situation like people are talking about the banks all holding up and everybody's worrying about putting money in their mattress or something, then that's a different situation. If you just talk about slow growth, we feel okay.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, yes. That's right. If you look at the second quarter, this is actually a little bit better. I mean, the thing is if you look at the second quarter -- normally, we're down 5% to 6%. We're down 3.5%. And so I would say this is within windage. The third quarter there’s always a lot of windage so we kind of view it as a kind of normal consequence of where we were at the second quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, I don't think so. I think we're going to be -- continue where we’re – well that’s what I said. We're controlled restructurers so we're going to be restructuring about the same; we might move a little bit more. I think -- I've said all along that because we think times are good, we're still unloosening our belt a little bit from where we restricted costs way back in 2009. So some of that flows through our P&L from time to time, but nothing huge, I don't think. And we're just doing the same things we've said we've been doing for a while.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I have a lot of respect for the Stanley management, and to the extent that they would focus on Mac, I suppose that would have a very positive effect on the running of that business. And maybe that’s some of what you're seeing, but when I look at our numbers, and I talk to our people -- I was just with the NFAC or National Franchisee Advisory Council for the U.S. on one weekend and a subsequent weekend with the Canadians. They all feel pretty strongly about their position. And they're not seeing -- they're not feeling threatened by anybody else. So to the extent people are doing better, I think, maybe they're getting share someplace else; that could be part of it. I don't know. But our business, we seem to not be seeing pressure from competitive activity; if anything, we seem stronger.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. Look, it has to do with -- I'll try to explain it and then I'll turn it over to Aldo. I mean, I'll try to give you the people's interpretation of it, and then -- the whole idea is, it emanates from 2 big pieces. One is the fact that for outside the United States, we grant stock appreciation rights, not options. And we have deferred compensation in the United States where you have a stock certificate, not a real share, and so that gets mark-to-market based on a stock price. And so what happens is that if the stock stays at where it is today, which is up from the quarter close, we would see some kind of negative in the fourth quarter. And so any time the stock -- it's a quarter-to-quarter thing so if the stock moves up during the quarter, we will see a negative impact for this. If the stock moves down, we see a positive.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, I mean, Spain and Portugal and I guess, Italy some. And to the extent we have business -- we've got big business. As you know, we have big business in Spain, pretty big business in Portugal, we've got little in Greece, but Greece, we have business. And it's not so good. And so you see sort of if you draw a line across the south, we're getting pretty big headwind there. And the problem was, just to reiterate, as maybe as you know, but I'll just say it, we have the biggest shares in Spain and Portugal, so our margins were kind of strongest in that situation. Now if you want to talk about the other regions of Europe, first and foremost, what's going very well for us is Eastern Europe. Russia and the sort of Orthodox countries, they are very strong for us. The Nordic countries and the low countries are doing very well for us. We're seeing -- and so those are the businesses, those are the countries that are standing out, I think. Eastern Europe and the Nordic countries are standing out for us. The rest of Europe is kind of doing okay, but it's not as strong as Scandinavia or Russia and then the low countries.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I have to tell you though, no. Actually the people at the ground level don't seem concerned about that; they seem confident. And this is just anecdotally, Gary, anecdotally. When you talk to customers, or you talk to our people, they see much more confident in the solution of the euro and everything that's involved in that I'd say, Americans are. That's just how I characterize it. They don't seem as alarmed to me. I think, surprisingly, actually, but they seem very confident, and I don't know what to do with that, but I think that obviously, they do have problems and there is a lot of discussion in the press. And there's questions about what's going to happen in Europe. And we already talked about the idea that it limits our visibility, but if you're talking about the people at the ground, our people, seem to be confident that a solution is going to be worked out. And things are going to move on in Europe. The one thing I can say about our European business is we're clear, that even in Spain and Portugal, we haven't lost share. It’s just that these businesses are that's our business is still intact. So we're just there on hold waiting for the idea that the market comes back.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No. We never quantify the probability in Europe. I think we haven't done that, but I'll just say that our profitability in Europe has never been as strong as the United States. So if you're going to compare those 2, it's just never been as strong for us in Europe as it has been in the United States.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, yes. Price is about between 0.5% and 1%, just a small amount. We generally price for material inflation. We feel that -- if you've listened to prior calls, we say generally that we can always get visible inflation back in pricing. And that's what they've done over the past year and that turns out for us to be between 0.5% and 1%.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. No, no, no. We're able to price for it. I mean, it's not a headwind. First of all, Snap-on isn't that big a purchaser. Our biggest commodities are freight and steel. And we buy, I think, we said about 75 million of steel. So if you think about that, it's not a lot. Our biggest input to a hand tool is labor. And so the commodity headwinds are a factor, and I often say this on these calls, I say we can price for it. I’ll probably say -- I'd say we can deal with it, and I'm pretty confident we have and we will as long as it's visible. So if somebody decided -- we put titanium, say, in our steel; if somebody decided to increase of the price of titanium by 20x, probably we might not be able to price for that. And then -- because no one would know, but if steel goes up by 10%, we can price for that. Now on top of that, we have a very -- as part of our Snap-on value creation processes we have a -- something called RCI, Rapid Continuous Improvement and we're out every day in every site with dedicated people. We have a dedicated guy in every site, pushing cost reduction and productivity. So not only do we have a pricing, but we have this productivity flowing through our plans.
Gary F. Prestopino: Okay and in doing your budgeting, you kind of roll it every quarter. I guess what I'm getting at is…
Gary F. Prestopino: I just wanted to understand how it works. And then could – Nick, maybe -- could we drill down on a little more on Europe? I mean, there's so much bad news coming out of there. It seems that you're doing very well over there, relative to what the perception is, but could you maybe talk about, which countries are really carrying the loads there for you? I mean, you mentioned Southern Europe as definitely having some negative issues, but maybe could you kind of go through Europe...
Gary F. Prestopino: Okay. And then maybe could you – with your people that are on the ground there, I mean, walk with them, as I'm sure you do. Is there any kind of level of apprehension among the people there or your people as to what's going to be the end event here with Greece and the euro...
