Nick Pinchuk: No. Look, I don't think the Ukraine reached that far for us. We didn't see the conflict in Eastern Europe reaching that far. UK was soft in this quarter, pretty much a lot of different places. And what we see happening, I think, is our opinion is, the problems or the turbulence associated with the Brexit problems weren't solved during the pandemic, and they're starting to emerge a little bit more in that place. So I don't know. We don't really see that. It was pretty much off throughout the quarter. And it was down. I think it was kind of weaker last quarter too. I think the international business had some issues last quarter, particularly in the Tools Group. So that – we really didn't see any, I would say, landscaping by calendarization in this quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: They are. Those are new car sales, but they are relatively micro percentage of the car park itself. So, we -- our world reacts in it. They are -- new car sales, if you remember, are like what I think there were 14 and change last year, 15 and change this year, and 9% of that, but that's versus $283 million of total vehicle park. But where we see them is -- where we see the most, Gary, is and we're getting a lot of business in what I would call the early warning where the OEMs are seeing the idiosyncrasies associated with the electric vehicles, asking us to provide different kinds of tools for dealerships that aren't normally there to accommodate them as they come in, when they come in. And so that's what I mentioned in RS&I, that business actually was up strong -- that particular business, the project business was off strong double-digits in the quarter. And it led the way for ours. One of the things that drove it. And a big -- a portion of that was electric vehicles, like I said, we have things. Some people will ask us to do the hand tools and particular types of products to deal with the battery and other things that tend to be, as I said, specifically to electric vehicles and the OEMs figure that they wouldn't be available in the dealership. So, they have ask us to tie the dealership in those ways.
Nick Pinchuk: The diagnostic systems, although -- the category electric vehicles rolls right in that naturally. There isn't anything particularly about electric vehicles that are different for our diagnostic systems, except for the data you load on the diagnostics. And so those things are happening for us. But the same kind of bodies and so on will work, the same kind of approach in terms of diagnostics is just you have to expand that what do we have, like 2.5 billion repair records and 240 billion or 250 billion data points, and that just keeps growing to include electric vehicles, including plug-in hybrids. If you look at the plug-in hybrid volume and the hybrid volume, they exploded last year too in Europe.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, well, every quarter is a new story and you can't get excited about any quarter. But I would say the word to describe tool storage sales for us in this quarter is Boom Shaka Laka. The thing is it was up strong. It was one of our stronger categories. So, big ticket was up. The thing is you might ask why weren't originations up. And part of the reason is that when I was talking about tool carts are lower in terms of their per unit sales price. That's why they sweep in all these new technicians. So, via the carts we're getting new customers as well as selling some and raising our sales to old customers, because they're veterans and they want more mobility. But the new guys couldn't afford it, maybe I can't afford a Snap-On box for them. We're going to get a Snap-On quality professional cart that passes for a Snap-On box. That's partially why our tool storage went great in the quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the franchisees are telling me demand is off the charts. They're telling me they want more. I was just on a van down in Arkansas. And this guy tells me, he says, at the SFC, I ordered 45 full-size boxes, 45 boxes and you already see order at the SFC and they get delivered over the fall. He is out of them, and he wants more, because the guys are asking them. So, I'm telling you, I think this is why we try to emphasize this people are driving after the pandemic. And the new technology is driving demand, focusing on driving a need for people, who can handle the complexity, focusing on the importance of technicians and their wallets are burgeoning with higher wages and more work and they’re looking for more of the stuff.  So our task is to be able to get our franchisees to deal with the higher sales, to be more efficient. And it seems like that's working. And to crank up the capacity to match that situation. That's what we're doing. And of course, you have to have new products. One of the great advantage that's why I talked about the carts, because we had that old segment that we were getting to, but we wanted to get to more in the carts hit them right in the bull's eye. And so that worked pretty well for us.  So those are the kinds of things that are happening there. I think we could have -- I think look, the Tools Group is leaving pre-pandemic levels behind. If you think about their numbers look, I think they are -- if you think about the last five quarters, they were 10, 15, 20, 21 and 24 versus pre-pandemic levels. They're just expanding and expanding their lead.  The second derivative is growing in the Tools Group. So – and that's driven by this resilient markets and our ability – our new ability to expand the franchisees' capabilities and our new products. We're running to try to keep up. 
Nick Pinchuk: We don't see that at all. Snap-On sets the price. One of the things is we control the customer interface. So fundamentally, we're the price leader. And so, we can do that. I mean you have to keep -- there is a point of irritation, I suppose, but we're not seeing that in this situation. But the thing about it, Chris is we have three mechanisms for pricing and they aren't also straightforward to the customer or even easy to measure.  First, we do have list price increases, which we do, do. Then we have the idea, we roll out new products like these new products associated with new carts and newly enhanced carts. Well, I assure you in an inflationary time, we get our value for those new carts. And so that tends to give us nice margin. And then there's the idea of every week on a van, there are a couple of promotions, and those promotions can be rich or lean. Now the problem is the list price, there can be variations in discounts off the list price that happen. There can be take up on promotions that are high or low, depending on the individual promotion. And there can be variations around the margins and what do you call it, whether you say that price comes out of the fact that I've got the new power tool -- power bank option on a tool storage or just because I've pushed up the pricing, it's hard to measure those things. But what I will offer is whatever happens, we like it, because the margins in the Tools Group were 22.7%, all time high.
Nick Pinchuk: No. Actually, you could ask that question in the same way. I mean the point is that I would say our calendarization of shipments were because of the interruption were pushed a little bit deeper into the quarter. So we might -- you might have argued we could have shipped more if we didn't have -- I think the way the interruption occurred, we kept -- pretty much kept selling in prior ways, but I would call nonstandard work in the terms of kaizen, and it could cause a little inefficiency. And our factories kept rolling pretty much, but the shipping was a little bit up and down in this period. So there was a little bit of back-end loading in this. So it didn't come out of the fourth quarter. It wasn't an overrun from the fourth quarter and diminishing if anything, things are getting higher. I think probably if you ask the franchisees. The franchisees, I talk to were all screaming, telling me, can you give me more. Do you have any influence in the factories, Nick Pinchuk? And so those kinds of things are those questions. Yeah, Aldo says, no. But that's really -- I don't think there's anything -- I don't think there's any story there actually, in that situation.
Nick Pinchuk: Off the truck sales were up not as high as our own sales. They go up and down in situations. But a lot of that -- some of that has to do with the calendarization of the deliveries that came off over there. But inventories are -- I think inventories are on a nice level. The inventory turnovers are up nicely from pre-pandemic levels. So we feel pretty good about that situation. You could argue whether we want large inventories on a truck or not. I'm more for a large inventory guy, and it's a little bit lower than I'd like it to be. But still, I think sales off the truck, we're moving along, not as high as the Tools Group though, in this quarter. But if you look back every year, it always evens out. Every quarter, there's some little story around it, but it always generally evens out. We wouldn't let it get out of whack.
Nick Pinchuk: David, I don't know. You get one of these things, and it's like red alert. I remember, I stayed up all night on this situation, watching the effect, and we were -- credit to our team. They were really professional. We were back up able to do stuff right away. Now in a non-standard way, but part of it is it didn't really interrupt us very much. The big interruption, I think, was the calendarization of the shipping. And I would say, well, non-standard work is less efficient. That's why we call it standard work in terms of continuous improvement. So it's inefficient, but you still accomplish your goal. We said the number one priority was to deliver to our customers, and we generally did. Maybe we could have done a little more, I don't know. But the point is -- so I don't think -- if you step back and look at the numbers, you say, well, it doesn't look like, I can see a lot of effect there. But I assure you, there's extra cost in those numbers associated with this. I don't know if we've dimensioned it all, because it's hard to capture it all. When franchisees have to be serviced by the field, because their approach is non-standard, they're still servicing, they're still selling, but it's non-standard. Then what's that cost? It's hard to capture it. But we don't really spin our wheel thinking about that, because 20.7% OI margin.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, yes, I think there might have been some of that. I don't know. I don't want to comment on that. We're not giving guidance on what the OE margins will be. I may decide to spend -- we may decide to have a big party or something at some point. I don’t know, but for the franchise, but look, I think we certainly, in the quarter, we don't manage -- David, we don't manage the gross margin or the OE -- OI -- OE. We manage the OI. That's how we measure it, because when you're in inflationary times, the price goes up, there's no real -- usually, when you have commodity price goes up, there's no real cost increase in your support. On top of that, we have -- we have, as you said, the interruption which would have cost us something. So there's a complex cocktail there. So we look at, boy, and our divisions look at, give me OE, give me OI.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, it makes it a lot easier. We've always said, for a dog's age, that we can price for visible inflation. So it helps. If everybody is getting up and looking at the paper or watching TV or looking at their iPhone and getting hearing, hey, the costs are going through the roof inflation going wow. So people tend to be more receptive to those kinds of things, and they tend to realize that that's a bargain even at a higher price. So we do that. The other thing is, as I said, this in our first rodeo. And one of the things I learned back in the Carter era, which I hate to say that even than I was senting during that period, they -- it's about urgency. It's about riding to the sound of guns. And we get right on. When we see costs going up, we're out there working on it right away, either's a continuous improvement, either redesigning. For example, we've done a lot of effort redesigning our products around chips that are available. It's not even the cost. Steel is starting to peak a little bit. But you can't get stuff, so you're out buying it on a stock market. So it's not the base cost of things, but its how you have to buy it. We tend to make sure we can deliver. So we buy on the stock market. So, for example, I just reviewed a bunch of new air conditioning units where we redesigned them all and redesigned particularly three -- or three or four, all the electronics inside to get chips that we could use. We're doing the same kind of thing in diagnostics and in our undercar equipment. So those are the kinds of things you got to do, but you got to do it with alacrity.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, the whole purpose of that is to try to model the individual customer -- by individual to try to call in the air strikes of the selling approach for the van driver, so that his selling will be more efficient, and therefore, he can call and spend more times with tougher customers, reach more customers, and that is the principal focus of that. That's what I can share with you. And we're making progress in that regard, but I don't really have any palpable things to report. We've been a little busy this quarter. So -- but still, we're working on that, but I don't have anything to lay out, just about the principal focus. And we're kind of optimistic that it will work, because if anybody's got a database about people, about technicians. If anybody knows technicians, it's Snap-on.
Nick Pinchuk: And we've thought about that. I don't think I can help you. It's just too complex. I mean we raised, we raised the list price. But even the list price raise doesn't necessarily make it through. It tends to move it up in varying places depending on the product line. So it's hard to measure really. And the point about the individual promotions, they just vary all over the place. We simply manage on a macro basis, because when you got when you got trucks that have 4,000 SKUs on the truck and have a catalog of 40,000 SKUs, it's kind of a fool's errand to try to figure all this out, try to get macro out of the individual. We simply try to measure how we're doing and try to see what worked before and try to make sure that we get pricing along all those quarters, list, promotions and new products. And believe that it's going to get us in the right situation. And generally, so far, it has. Our own sales if you look at the sales for Snap-on in terms of growth – it was – I think our five quarters were 9%, 10%, 11%, 13% and now 16.9% above pre-pandemic levels. So somehow it's expanding growth. And not all of that is pricing because you can see the margins go up right in tune with it.
Nick Pinchuk: I would have said that maybe before the pandemic, but I'm not seeing it now so much. I don't know. But you might say, I do think – I will say to you, I think service doesn't scale so easily. It has – that's been a problem in many industries. So I'm not so sure. Collision scales because it's almost like manufacturing in a lot of ways. But the service is a little tougher to scale, I think. So I don't know how much of that we'll see unless you see like a specialized group. Now maybe we will, and we have those as our customers, too. We do see multiple shops, but they don't seem to be very, let's say, nationwide or anything like that. Sometimes, we're seeing some opportunities call, localized multi-location situations. Mitchell One has made a meal out of that with their ProDemand, and those things have worked there. But in terms of the franchisees, I don't think they report that so much.
Nick Pinchuk: Well. No. Actually, I don't think – there were what I would call non-standard ways of operating and serving our customers for a matter of days, not weeks. And as I said before, it principally set back the shipping processes, whereby, the calendarization of the quarter shipments tended to coagulate around at the rear end. But generally, we did not -- we didn't have any -- we didn't really have real disruption and there's been a lot of speculation, but we were hacked, a ransomware company. We didn't pay ransom. We didn't have to pay a ransom in this situation. And so we felt we got out of this and managed it pretty well. So that's really the story there, inefficiencies more than disruption and recalendarization.
