Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. Sure. Look, I think they're semi-related, but here's the thing. I think we started -- I probably said 12 times in this pitch. We think the market is robust. So you're not seeing the market in those numbers. The situation simply here is rooted in hand tools and tool storage primarily, where generally, the mix of products we got exceeded our capacity. We expected a certain mix. We got a different mix. And part of that was the people saying, well, power tools is going to launch in the future new products. And therefore, power tools is not so popular, and it was down in the quarter, anticipating those power tools. And so we bumped up against capacity, particularly around the more customized models, which are more difficult to build and more difficult to turn out. So that's pretty much what it was. I mean fundamentally, if you look at power tools, I mean, tools in the quarter, hand tools, biggest ever, biggest ever. And you look at tool storage, not only does the tool storage factory have to supply some -- and hand tools are some of this, but tools storage, not only does the tool storage factory, you have to supply the Tools Group. But when you see the acceleration associated with the critical industries that they have boxes as well. And they were expanded. So put a lot of pressure on those factories. So we couldn't able -- we weren't able to follow the market. But -- we had anticipated expansion. Those expansions are starting to be ready now. So the hand tools plant in Milwaukee. We have about two-thirds of the expansion will be ready this month. And in the fourth quarter, the rest of it will be ready. The Elizabethan tool storage -- not tool storage, but the hand tool plant in Elizabethan will have its expansion in the end of the third quarter to fourth quarter, expanding space and the expansion along our tool storage business is starting to get in place sort of the end of this month. So we're expanding the capacity just that in this quarter, the mix of the products pretty much somewhat reflective of power tools being down and, therefore, filling that in with customized products bumped up against demand.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Pretty good it was above our numbers like it has been for a couple of periods. We like to say that over time, that's all going to even out. But in this quarter, the sell-through was -- fell off the van, we say, was better.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It always balances out. A quarter doesn't mean that much in that situation. But what I'm trying to say is that we still think that demand is pretty strong. You see that when you talk to franchisees and customers themselves. And the whole idea, Scott, is big ticket items are an indication of confidence usually in this market. I mean I suppose it isn't for sure. But generally, in our history, when we've seen big ticket items sell and they did. Originations were up and tool storage had -- I think it's one of its best quarters ever, if you put industrial and tools together, that indicates that customers are willing to enter into those longer payback items. And we also saw a nice range of diagnostics numbers this quarter. So those big ticket items really look good, positive sell-through. And so that indicates because the technicians are willing to enter into those longer payback items. And that as they think at least, that the market is good.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, every time I have a review, if somebody brings up something that says they got some spot buys still coming through. But in general, like I said, the skies have cleared, and we're going to get a little more benefit, but most of it is out now. Our big problem was, of course, everybody saw commodity prices to go up and freight price to go up. But the big problem for a company like us is we had spot things in a lot of situations, which we're paying 2x or 3x sometimes what the original price was. And so that ends up going in inventory. Just think about it. If you have in trouble getting stuff, you tend to overbuy it sometimes because you want to have it in stock because you want to deliver as the first priority. And so you get yourself in that situation. And so you're seeing that clear. And so what happens in that situation, the advances in new value products and the RCI we've been doing all this time starts to shine through.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's pretty stable. We're down a few franchisees this quarter, but not many. It's not a factor for government work, Chris. But -- and we're not -- we're probably not going to add people. We believe that our franchisees sell more because we tell them, you're our guys. And if we do well, so you, and so we believe that subdividing their opportunity probably isn't the best alternative. Now we think we have the world covered. We have, what, 3,400 franchisees around the country. So we think we have most of the places covered. I suppose there's the odd place that we might find that we'd add one or two. But really, that's not going to be a program for us. Our way up is to get the guys to be more aggressive and in this instance, to be able to deliver better. We need to -- we're expanding our capacity, so that should relieve some of the problem. But it's a happy problem actually that people saying we're waiting for your tool storage products.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's still about the same -- it's about the same. It's about -- I think it's about 10% and you'd say, Chris, what 5% of that is retirements. You'd say 5% is guys pretty much every year, you'll get that. And so 10% is pretty stable. It had been higher sometimes, but now last multiple quarters has been stable, about that number.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I was watching a show last night and somebody said on the show, it was movie and said, electronic prices only go down, Snap-on prices only go up. We don't drop our -- I mean it's because you've got all the promotions and everything. It's hard to put your finger on it. But generally, I don't see us surrendering that too easily.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don't know. It could be -- there could be some of that in there. Certainly, that -- the big factor, though, is there could be some of that. You're probably right. There's some of that. But the big factor, I think is the improvements in the face of the idea of no more spot buys, no more of those huge spot buys. So you're seeing that. Actually, we've been making improvements better than we have been showing for some time because of the material cost. And so what you see that is abating. So you're seeing a lot of that. So basically, I don't know where I put it on the foot of more customized product. We did sell a lot of customized products. So that works but we don't necessarily want to back off it. And so when you do have capacity constraints, you do tend to go to that. But on the other hand, when you got capacity constraint, you spend a little more money. You're looking at the SG&A and stuff like that, SG&A is up a little bit. And it takes you a little bit to manage through that. So you got some goes ins and goes out there. But there's a factor. But the big pack is RCI.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I mean, some of this can be plant to plant and production line to production line, but I think you can say in aggregate, that's probably true. That's probably true. You don't get much wind in your sales from that kind of increase. It's not zero though, not zero increase. And so you get some of that. You have some international businesses that came back in this situation. So we had some things happen in that situation. but that's got to be the case right? You didn't get that much volume.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's -- I don't have that number right here, but my feeling is it's moving upwards. But we don't really count the stops so much as we count the technicians and the technicians are growing. So we're getting more technicians.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We think that -- we think the fourth as I've said, probably on every one of these calls in the second quarter, that the third quarter is always kind of squarely because you've got the franchisee conference, then you got vacations, which if franchisees take long vacations that can affect it a little bit or they take short vacations also can affect it. So you have that in place what the Snap-on franchisee conference occurs. Now we might be seeing some little bit of anticipation for that as we did in the power tools. Certainly, power tools is not going to be affected by capacity. I don't think. So that's not going to be. Those new launches shouldn't be affected by capacity. And the capacity is coming online. And so we'll see how efficacious that is. We tend to be pretty good in putting these things in place. So I think you'd be right that the fourth quarter would be -- where we'd be hitting on more cylinders.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Actually, the European business was up in RS&I and interestingly, the U.K. and the Tools Group came off of probably -- it was flat on its back last year, I think. So it came back some. But the C&I business was kind of a little bit up and down in Europe. And so you -- one of the things that was positive was critical industries. So the critical industry in C&I, boy, volumes and margins, new capacity in place smoke, but the other business is up and down, European hand tool based business in a number of different environments like the Nordics and so on, probably affected by concerns over the -- over the war and so on. That is a little bit up and down and not very robust. And I don't know where that's going to tell you. Your guess is as good as mine. I think we're well positioned, but I do think there are macros there that are hard to predict. In Asia-Pacific, boy, it's hard to find too many areas that aren't -- maybe India, I would say is doing well. But generally, a lot of areas seem to be having trouble creating a recovery from the COVID for a number of reasons. China, I think it's well documented. Everybody talks about China. We're holding our own in China. But Japan, the currencies make a little different. The Yen is pretty weak versus the U.S. dollar and has been for a while, and it's weakened recently versus the RMB. So products into Japan are not so competitive in some cases. So that weakens that. And the market itself is down somewhat. So you're seeing those kinds of things play out. I think Asia will start to work its way out because I don't think it has a long-term problem like the war or like some concerns over -- or where they're going to get their fuel or energy. So I think that fixes itself more quickly than Europe by in Europe, I'm not sure where it's going. Now the auto repair business in Europe in terms of the repair shop owners and managers is pretty good, particularly collision. The industrial business, pretty good, the critical industries business. But the basic up and down the street business and our tools business kind of.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hand tools. Hand tools is at an all-time high. And some particular products are at over all-time high, like certain versions of the stock. And so when you got those stock, it sometimes your promotion is ready to go on a particular array of sockets as kind of a new package that will address a certain promise and you just don't have the capacity for, say, half of the package. And so that's open to us in a situation. So it's basically those guys bumping up against it and then over the top in tool storage, the industrial business starting to expand its capacity and being able to source more of other products from other people and so on, and break basically, the industrial business have been bound up in a kind of Gordian knot of shipments. I talked about it many times in the quarter. They cut that Gordian knot this quarter and started to ship more and that created more demand on the tool storage and hands tool plant as well.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. I mean we've been saying this for a long time. It's just the particular ordering -- this ordering pattern in this quarter kind of bumped us up against it quicker than we thought. That's simply it.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, they were not so much standard-standard. But there's a lot of lower run. I mean, by that I mean shorter production run hand tool in these kinds of mixes. And when you get into them, they eat up a lot of capacity. You see what I mean because you got to stop and start the machines and so on. So it's not a linear thing necessarily. If it was just standard-standard products, we probably could have shipped out of inventory if we needed to. But these other products make it difficult. But we saw it coming. It was just this particular one with the policy, the idea that people weren't buying as many power tools because they're waiting for the new stuff kind of shifted the mix towards these -- even more towards hand tools and power tools. I mean tool storage.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's -- well, let's put it this way. I would say collision repair is about -- let me think about this. Equipment, the undercar equipment business is about one-third of RS&I, and I would say about maybe 20% to quarter of that is collision repair. That kind of ballpark and growing, though because equipment has been growing double-digits for some time. It was up double-digits again, and its margins were up nicely again.
