Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think there's a couple of factors. One is that, as I've said, we kept investing during the downturn. We said that. We invested in the health of our franchisees, and they didn't take a step back during the downturn. They, in fact, got better and stronger. And I think coming out of that, we came out of the downturn with relative to others a strong, strong network. That's one. Two, we've been investing in innovation. If you've ever been here, you see the innovation works and you see the products were rolling out so they have attractive products. And then finally, as I said in my remarks, we've been spending time working on RCI in terms of Rapid Continuous Improvement and expanding the selling time. Only a -- not all of their day is spent on selling. And so this is a productivity opportunity for us, and we're working on that. I've said many times on the call, I think our call and then analyst meetings one-on-one that fully enabled our advance call on, maybe 800,000 technicians or 850,000 technicians and there are 1.3 million technicians in the United States. This is a product -- and they don't call on them because they're less target rich. This is a productivity opportunity. What you're seeing here is in effect that given our people more time to sell, more productivity advancements and, therefore, able to call on broader range of customers. And so you see those 3 effects: New products, stronger health and better productivity. And that's what's generating these double-digit gains.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: This is -- you're right. This is same-store sales. It's a great -- it's an encouraging look. I don't want to speculate on that. I mean, I said that the numbers -- but the numbers -- when we had a first couple of quarters like this, I said, well, one quarter a trend does not make. But now the Tools Group has been putting together some pretty good quarters. I think their organic growth have been stuff like 9, 10 and 6 and 9 and 12, so they've been doing pretty well. So we think this has got some runway.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: -- it is double-digit, of course. But I think we feel very good about the position the Tools Group is in. So without making any projection, I stick to my projection which says, we are looking to grow as a company at 4% to 6% organically, right, every quarter. And the Tools Group is a component of that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, sure, we said that our growth range would be 4% to 6% organically, and we said that C&I would be toward the top end of that. And so this kind of lines right up with that, it's a little bit better than that actually. And you're right in saying that this military was not a headwind this time, but this is the critical -- military is part of the critical industry, the critical industry's piece of this business. And so you have -- and that's concentrated in our industrial division. And if you go back to our last call, you'll see this is the second quarter in a row, which the industrial business has been registering double-digit growth, which we view as confirmation of our assertion that we have runway in these critical industries. And so we think that the C&I group will be helped by that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, it's the mix by product. If you characterize it, let's say, big ticket tool storage, the big boxes and the big size diagnostics and so on all the way down to hand tools and so on, that mix hasn't changed for several quarters. It's been -- we use -- the big ticket have been reasonably strong and robust in those mixes, and they haven't really gone down or up within reasonable, what I would say, quarterly windage. And so I don't think we -- you'd see any trend inside there whatsoever. You could -- you see sometimes in the Tools Group as they reach out to other customers, you get a different mix within those groups, like if you sell more to heavy truck or somebody like that, you'll get different diagnostics and different hand tools and so on, so you get a different mix within the groups. But we haven't seen much change with regard to the dimension between big ticket and small tickets. It's pretty much been the same.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: If you look at the quarterly numbers, Jim, you'll get ups and downs every quarter. These businesses can be lumpy, so you get -- but if you step back and then look at it over the March and say 18 months or so on, I would say that we've been pretty strong in aerospace. We've been very good at that. I think we've been good in the military when the military has been positive, hasn't been so lumpy, and we haven't had these sort of political headwinds flowing through the military. So we've been strong in that critical applications. And those are the 2, I think, that we've been better at. Natural resources is very good for us at times and so on. And so I think those have been the improving areas for us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. First thing I'd say is we're not exactly wringing our hands over it. You go back and forth when you make comments on these calls and you want to say -- you want to make people aware of the issues in Europe and so on. But we don't -- we -- this isn't our first recession, our first downturn, of course. And so we're managing through this. And so what we see is our customers are still in place. We see our productivity and our RCI efforts creating opportunities for restructuring. We see our Asian factories ramping up to the point they get capability and so on, so they can support and provide even more capacity. So we're being proactive in the idea. We're bringing together the new capacity expansion we're seeing in Asia, and okay, looking to support Europe more in that. We're taking the RCI activities and tailoring the footprint to the current environment reflecting those RCI activities. So I think those 2 things are happening. And one -- so I wouldn't call it necessarily plan defense. I would say more or less saying we believe the market comes back. We believe our customers in place. We believe that the Bahco brand is still strong. And around that, we are tailoring the footprint to be as flexible as possible. So in future ups and downs, we're more -- we're less vulnerable to, let's say, variations in volumes. And then on top of that we're overlaying the idea that more capacity is coming online in the very flexible and growing capabilities in our Asian markets. And that will also create the kind of restructuring program around Europe. One of the things I do want to emphasize around our brand, one of the things that's encouraging to us there is that when you look at SNA Europe's primary brand Bahco, it's selling pretty well outside any -- when you're not talking about the core Europe, when you're talking about the periphery about Turkey and Russia and Middle East and so on, this brand is selling pretty well. So we're convinced there's nothing wrong with the product lines. It's still very strong and being well received, and we get our pricing there. It's just in those economics that are causing us the current challenges -- those economies that are causing us the current challenges, and remember that Spain is one of our, as you know, is one of our biggest area, was one of our biggest areas and the highest margin areas, and it's down substantially in the quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't think we're going to quantify those, but I'll give it to you directionally. When you look at that, you're getting the -- I think we said in the 10-Q or maybe that there was a manufacturing unfavorable comp in terms of manufacturing because last year we're preparing for the consolidation of our tools storage business in the United States and Canada. So therefore, there were some better absorption positions despite the differences in volume in certain of the factories in the first quarter last year. And then the other piece of this is it depends on where you're talking about. The other piece of it is if you look in quarter-to-quarter, the first quarter is always lower because of -- is always past because of higher spending in the first quarter because of kick-offs and so on. And then the other factor, I think, is fair is that as we reach out to different customers, and remember, I said these are -- these were less target rich customers. You get a different mix of product lines that sell to those, and that can create a product line mix -- within a mix within product lines, that will give you some difficulty. And also, I mean, and my view is when you look back over time, the margins are kind of in line with the range of Tools Group anyway. But I think that's -- those are the sort of couple of effects this year as the thing we called out in terms of the year-over-year absorption that was very favorable last year. And secondly, the reach to different customers, which creates a little bit of different mix in some of our products. That's what happened in the Tools Group. The Tools Group. I know some people are worried about tougher comparisons sometimes as we go forward from time to time. But -- and it is. It will get tougher. It does get tougher. But this quarter in the U.S., the U.S. grew over 15% this quarter. That's a gang busters quarter.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to speculate on -- I hate to say that because it depends on -- I realize you'd like something like that to help modeling, but it really depends on the situational situation. Sometimes you can be selling products which you don't make. We can be using not everything we sell are of the brands we make. And so therefore, it depends on the mix of products. So it's very difficult to give you guidance in that regard.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, I don't -- generally, it kind of changed over time. We're not looking to -- I would say the addition of vans is not a major factor in our growth going forward. So we have probably as many vans -- it's not to say we won't add some, but the thing is I don't think that's going to be a major factor in the growth. The big thing about in terms of vans is how quickly we can replace them. Of course, we -- our turnovers are down. I believe at least a relatively -- a relative low and I think it might be an all-time low, but so -- but when somebody turns in his Van or somebody wants to retire and he sites to retire and he happens to do Northeast Peoria, you maybe don't have anybody in Northeast Peoria to go in there. So how quickly do we fill that? So how quickly do we get them in? How quickly to get somebody up? This is a factor, so we track that and we talk about that. That's something that can do -- that can go better, that we could do better. We've improved, so we can do better. And then, secondly, I said, we call on a group of technicians. There are some we don't call on because they are less target rich. They're either off the geographic center of our route or they're in tire shops, something like that, and as we get more productivity with our vans, give them more selling time available, they can choose to use this time to call on those people. That's part of the phenomena we're seeing in this growth. And so I would offer that the 2 of the runways for growth anyway with regard to the physical to the van have to do with getting a new guy in when another guy leaves, retires and then secondly, have the people get more selling time so they can reach out, reach more customers. And I guess if you have more selling time, you can schmooze the existing customers and sell them more. So those are the elements of growth.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, as I said, I think when I've spoken of this, we found that -- we say that we will look at acquisitions that will be in any of the 4 critical paths, our strategic runways for growth. I think you could argue that the Tools Group doesn't have so many acquisitions available to it. But in terms of emerging markets, in terms of repair systems and information and with repair shop owners and managers and with critical industries, there are businesses which would enhance our business and enhance our position that we could acquire bolt-on and allow us to continue to grow coherently. There are a number of those. And I think I've also said that we're still working -- we think we're still -- we're working through and just getting through the largest acquisition in our history, which was the credit company. So the idea that there is a -- we're working through that large acquisition. We have a pipeline -- I don't know, pipeline implies that you're going to go off and do them all. I don't really mean that, but we have a number -- a universe of possible candidates that we have out there in each of those segments, and so we keep -- we're looking at those and when the time is right, we'll take some actions.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I think there are acquisitions. I mean, I -- obviously, I don't want to talk about such things on the call, but I think a casual review of things available would say that there are acquisitions that would be available. We may not have -- in fact, there has been acquisitions available, which we may not have moved at for a variety of reasons. So I think there clearly are acquisitions. If you look at the automotive space around repair shops -- repair shop owners and managers, there've been a couple of properties passed. We viewed it, and we didn't -- we weren't the acquirer. And then there are critical industries. There are a lot of product lines, which we could add to our product lines smear the Snap-on patina above it and make positive things. In emerging markets, there are places to acquire.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Well, the delinquency rates are published on Chart 11. If what you're suggesting is the all-in bad debt rate that we sometimes talked to, again, it remains a favorable trend with these delinquency rates.
Aldo J. Pagliari: The growth in the Snap-on FinCo portfolio over time get more closely aligned with that of the Tools Group. So once the runoff of the CIT portfolio and the transition stops to occur, originations are more or less fall in line with the Tools Group growth pattern. You can always have a little bit of timing difference one quarter to the next, and it depends on the mix of what is sold in the way of big ticket items, because that tends to find its way onto credit contracts more readily than just hand tools. But over the long-term, it will reflect the growth of the Tools Group. As Nick characterized, while we're enjoying double-digit growth these days, over the longer run, it'll be probably something a little bit less than that.
Aldo J. Pagliari: I think you'll start to see 2013 become more normalized. At the end of this year, I mean, our estimates -- I think we've commented on this before, it will be probably about another $25 million or so of CIT-owned extended credit receivables will be managing on their behalf. So once we get down to that level, I think the crossover will become less.
