Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think it would have been a few percent up, but I think the thing about C&I is, you said it first, to use the New York expression, I'm from New York, 8% isn't chopped liver, we think. And so we think it's pretty good. And then if you look at overall C&I sequentially, this is about in line with the sequential seasonality that you see in the C&I. So overall, we feel pretty encouraged by the quarter in C&I. If you look at the way C&I behaves in the first quarter, you have in there the Asia-Pacific businesses which are generally down in the first quarter seasonality wise because of Chinese New Year. And you have the idea that the fourth quarter is a little bit up because you've got the sort of year-end budget cycle plans through the industrial businesses. So the C&I numbers, we think, are pretty encouraging.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I think you're just seeing more Facilitation business come through. I think the dealers are coming out. I think what you see there is the auto industry getting a little stronger and recovering from what was 1 of the deeper recessions. And so the dealerships after the consolidation of dealerships are feeling a little more robust in placing in a few more orders. We didn't get any more big contracts or anything like that. The Facilitation business, though, can be like 15 points down from the average.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No. We haven't seen that yet. Or I don't -- our view of this, when gas prices go up, miles driven tends to react, I think, to the change in gas prices not to the absolute. A little bit like this, the gas prices go up the guy gets mad, he stops driving for a weekend, then he gets tired of being home. And so he tends to drive a bit more. But even through that period, when gas prices last went up in 2008, we didn't see much impact to our revenues. So I wouldn't expect to see it, I wouldn't expect to see it over the spread of a longer term. I don't really expect that. And we certainly haven't seen any yet. Now gas prices can impact our franchisee base somewhat in that they drive and they have diesel fuel, but it's not a major factor. You're talking about for every dollar of diesel price rise, you get about less than 1% increase in cost and that's usually offsetable in a number of ways. We did the last time, we're working on it now.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We do see some cost increases. Remember, our exposure is not that high, we don't -- a big component of our business, certainly Hand Tool business is labor, but we do have some exposure in steel and in freight and component and so on. And we see some of that drifting too. I think the good news is steel seems to be abating for us a little bit now. But we do see some costs, but we're seeing evidence, like we've always said, that we're able to price against that. As long as -- our tried-and-true situation has been, our demonstrated situation is, is that when the inflation is visible, when it's something like steel or freight or gasoline, we're able to price for it when people recognize that's the environment. If it's something like nickel or something a little more obscure, that might be another issue. But in terms of this, we see ourselves being able to price and we have been able to price when we've seen inflation here in this quarter.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. That's generally right, but it's not wildly different. The big seasonality in our business, Gary, most definitely is the third quarter. And so everything else, it's kind of noise around it. You're talking about the third quarter down 5% or 6% or 7%, that kind of thing. But we generally think -- I think I've said on these calls that it's very difficult to judge anything from the third quarter results. It could be up and down, depending on whether the Europeans come back from vacation or go longer, those kinds of things.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. But the thing is, we're seeing that much -- we're not seeing that much material on inflation either. So we're not seeing much in terms of pricing. I would say less than 1% would be pricing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think first of all, there's a seasonal question and so the inventory turns almost seasonally always go down from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. That happens to us. I think the answer is we probably will see some modest improvement, some improvement in working capital as we go forward in the year. There's a seasonality event there. What we did here, and you'll be entitled to view this, we took special action around inventory because I directed the Tools Group to add inventory to offset to make sure that we had no disruption when we made the Tool storage plant consolidation in the United States. And that's happening now. So some of what you're seeing is that. And then secondly, in Europe, as Europe came back, we saw raw material shortages in Europe. And so we asked the Europeans to put in place a little more raw material and whip so that they can serve their customer somewhat better. So you'd be entitled to view that as an idea that, that would come out as the world matures and we put behind us the consolidation in Tool Storage and that's going to happen through the year. And then I believe the raw material situation will stabilize in Europe as we go forward and that inventory will come out.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I disagree with the idea of nowhere to go. That's the first thing I'd say. I wouldn't characterize it quite like that. I mean, first of all, we do have cash flows that are associated with the credit company and, of course, as the on-book portfolio comes on, that will leave cash from us. We have to repay the debt and that comes due in the middle of next year. Then we have substantial ideas around organic growth. And you see our capital investment ramping up this year to greater than last year. And we have acquisition opportunities that are coherent to our strategy in critical industries and serving repair shop owners and managers that lay out before it. So I think we have ample places to put that cash.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, I think our policy on the stock buyback is more or less we offset dilution. We think we have places where we can put the money at reasonable prices and make a lot out of it. When we acquire somebody, we think we can make them a lot better. Because we've got Snap-on Value Creation Processes. We impose -- when we put that on an acquisition, we can make them better than they were before, because those processes are tight and capable and value creating around safety and quality and customer connection and innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement. It did a lot for our company and we acquired ProQuest, the Electronic Parts business in what, late to almost early 2006, late 2007. That business has been rocked by dealership consolidations in the interim and the Snap-on Value Creation system has wrung profitability out of that and allowed us to offset it. So we feel pretty confident we can acquire somebody, 1, and make them better just with Snap-on Value Creation and secondly, and secondly, we can add it to our -- because we're not looking at acquiring somebody that's sort of like -- that's unrelated to our business. We see ourselves saying we can grow coherently. We're just -- we're taking the Snap-on brand out of the garage and into critical industries. So of we would acquire a company that had a position in, let's say aerospace or natural resources and added it to the power of the Snap-on brand, there would be synergies beyond the idea of the processes we would bring to that company. And so there will be tremendous value created. So I'm not so worried about the multiple question.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. I mean, yes. I'm not saying that we're buying businesses to turn them around, but I think we can improve almost most businesses we see, actually.
Aldo Pagliari: There's about a -- there could be a 15 point variation given the market performance when you're selling Facilitation versus the other business units that are in the RS&I.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, Gary, international portfolio did grow since last time. Sequentially, it's up about $4 million and I expect that it will continue to grow, not as rapid an absolute number as what you see on the U.S. side. And that's simply because we don't have all the mechanisms of Snap-on Credit extended globally at this point in time. That's something we have on our long-term vision is to how can we project some of the finance company attributes internationally? That's why we talked mostly about the U.S. portfolio.
Aldo Pagliari: That's a good estimate, I'd say up at about the $865 million mark, considering we have a robust origination experience in Q1. So we came out of the box stronger. It is typical in Q1 because we have -- it reflects the growth of the Snap-on Tools Group more than anything else. Snap-on has a lot of what we call kick-off meetings in the first quarter. So a lot of the products that are featured in that program tend to led themselves to contract finance arrangements. So the first quarter tends to be a little bit more robust. But certainly we came out strong so I'd say $865 million is a -- $870 million is a reasonable expectation for full year.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the contracts tend to have an average duration in the extended credit arena of about 3 years. So if you go back from July of '09, you'll say well, we're starting to get towards the average duration of where those will be. But all don't perform equally. Some of the ones that don't have what we call a renewed business or add-on performance can lag to their entire duration and go out the full 3-year to 5-year cycle. Also in there there's a pocket of van leases and there's some long-term leasing of equipment. We don't usually see those terminate early or come to early payment. So those could be laggard to the portfolio. So the bulk of the extended credit will run off this year. The remainder of it could be a tail that hangs out there for a few years, but it will create much less noise in 2012 than what it does this year.
Aldo Pagliari: I'd say that the first quarter reflects really pricing actions that took place in Q3, Q4 of last year. And up until the first quarter, we haven't seen a lot of the inflation effects on the commodity front. But we have forward-looking price increases that have already been announced and they'll be in place beginning in April. So we're already in place.
Dax Vlassis: Okay. So it's 1% -- so you're saying it's of the 10%, 1% was pricing, 9% of the units and you had 1% sort of inflationary pressures in your costs.
Dax Vlassis: Right. And then regarding the balance sheet, I mean, if I look at the debt of the company especially the way you sort of, I mean, I guess Financial Services is consolidated but you sort of break it out as sort of a separate entity, as if it were a separate entity, and that if I look at the leverage that you use in that business, it's sort of moderate and on the whole company it's -- if you look at it on a sort of operating basis excluding Financial Services, that it sort of looks extremely low. What is the priority for cash flow? Because it looks like you have, really -- I mean, it looks like you can generate significant amounts of cash and really have nowhere to go with it as far as -- I guess, you have 1 issue of debt pay down that's about $200 million this year but other than that...
Dax Vlassis: Well, that's kind of what I was getting at, the acquisition opportunity and sort of how do you view the pipeline for that? And how do you look at the multiples of these businesses? Obviously, given what I'm looking at, the overall company, Snap-on, trades at a relatively cheap multiple. And I'm just wondering about acquisitions, about the amount you'd have to pay for acquisitions versus buying your own stock here.
Dax Vlassis: Well, okay. And just to be clear, when you're talking about, I mean, businesses, you're not talking about buying turnaround situations, you're talking about decent businesses that you would improve.
