Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Actually, the mix is -- 210 basis points, the mix only contributed about 15 to 20 points. The rest was a couple other things, but RCI, our Rapid Continuous Improvement Snap-on Value Creation Processes, was the big winner there, contributed 150, 160 of those basis points. That's straight improvement.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well -- and of course, there was -- on top of that, there was 50 basis points of restructuring, that's what I -- so let me recap. It was 15 points of -- 15 to 20 points of mix, 50 of restructuring, of lower restructuring, then the 150 of RCI. We expect RCI each and every quarter the amounts that are going to roll through by division, by quarter are -- change and vary from place to place. But we do consider that we will have good, strong contributions every quarter from RCI.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, military was the big piece, the biggest piece of that. So we haven't really broken it out in total, but I think you can conclude that it was the lion's share of that -- European weakness was a piece of that. And there were a couple of other divisions in there that go up and down from quarter to quarter, but the military was the big mover. In the quarter -- what happens in the military, the fourth quarter is the strongest quarter of all. Military fiscal year ends in, for us anyway, military ends in the third quarter -- military fiscal year ends in the third quarter. People book business in the third quarter and right up to the end, and then it comes out in the fourth quarter. This year, this didn't happen to as great an extent, so there was a pretty big variance.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, that's correct, David. If you took out the military, you're looking sort of the same thing, the same kind of quarter. The military was just a big changer...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think there's anything in that regard. It has inched up, but you look at -- it's a kind of seasonal thing, the fourth quarter, people run into the holidays. They tend to roll it up. We look back at the last 4 years, it inched up every period, every quarter like this. Maybe this is a little bit more. I don't think it's anything significant.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, look, I still think there's a lot of opportunity at Snap-on. I think I've said this to you and many others, when you walk around here, you can see a lot of things that can be improved. So I would say we're now in like the fourth inning or something like that. We have a lot more runway in terms of Rapid Continuous Improvement and the Snap-on Value Creation Processes. And we have said -- we have targeted that we will be at the mid-double digits, which I think we define as mid-teens. We're almost there. I don't see a point in setting a new target, but I also have said that I believe strongly, I think our management team believes strongly in the quality, the inherent strength of our position in terms of the brands we have, the product we have, the legions of loyal customers and the possibilities for coherent growth. So we would be disappointed if we did not march ourselves to be among the highest rank of industrial companies in terms of profitability. I allow you experts to figure out where that would be.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, actually, in terms of, I think, in terms of the Tools Group, in terms of the van business, we're hitting on all cylinders. Those guys are doing very well. Now I want to quickly give a caveat here like I do every call, that I think that double-digit growth is probably not going to go on forever. Well, in fact, it didn't. It was 9.3% this quarter. But we've said that the Tools Group will be on a 4% to 6% range. I think that's more likely to be the long-term future of the Tools Group, but still, they are understanding how to reach more customers through productivity and how to sell more through different marketing. They're doing that pretty well, and I think they really know how to do it now. And so it's just a matter of keeping it going. In the RS&I group, as in the C&I group, we're focusing on a different customer base, changing from a product focus to a customer focus, and I would say, in there, we're like in the bottom of the second. We still have a long way to go in both of those businesses.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, sure. Look, you've got good growth in the big-ticket items like tool storage and the bigger -- when I say big-ticket, Liam, just to be clear, I include high ticket diagnostic units like SOLUS Ultra and the VERUS PRO that I mentioned, and then you've got hand tools, which were up quite a bit in the quarter. And so those, that troika of products are doing pretty well in this group. And that's this quarter. In other quarters, we've seen Power Tools come in there and be a big factor. So maybe that quartet of product lines have moved forward, and yes, it's some of the special marketing like we talk about the past, the Rock 'n Roll Express mobile display unit for tool storage has helped, but other things about training programs for diagnostics and innovation around exciting hand tools that solve special problems that people get on the van and get very excited about. I was just on a van ride in Burlington, actually in a snowstorm, and it's very interesting about the -- I ran into this one young guy who was just out of school, and he said, "I've become almost the senior tech in the house," And I said, "Why?" And he said, "Because I bought a SOLUS Ultra, Snap-on SOLUS Ultra, which is a diagnostic unit." And what he said was they had a shop unit there which was a competitor's. It was shared by all the technicians, and they had spent 4 days trying to solve a transmission problem in this house with one of these competitor units. This guy bought one himself, he invested in a Snap-on, like a mid-range Snap-on unit. He said, "I plugged it into the car, it told me what was wrong, it told me how to fix it and it gave me the part number to order to fix it." He said he raised his status in the shop immensely. And so that's the kind of thing that those kind of products are adding to the marketing that's driving some of our sales.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes. No, it's pretty much -- I tried to have that come through in the remarks. It's pretty much stable. It's down a little bit. The landscape in Europe is sort of -- to go back to a geometric concept, it's not congruent, but it's similar to what it was in the third quarter. South is down double digits, strong double digits, the core is down single digits and the Eastern Europe is up. Now that's the same in this quarter. The difference in this quarter was the core was down a little bit more. I think, look, France was down, Denmark -- for us, anyway, France was down, Denmark was down, the U.K. was down, Norway was down, so a few of those -- and when you look at the GDPs, why? The U.K. flattened out, France is now negative, Denmark is negative, and so you can see it reflected in the GDP, so it's kind of not surprising. But when you're looking at saying, well, the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, Europe was a headwind in both quarters, but only slightly bigger in the fourth quarter. So it's kind of stabilized as just one continuing pain.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We did not mention that. We said double digits, actually, but we didn't mention exactly -- we did -- it's double digits. So we grow faster than the GDPs of the region. We said that -- actually, we got some -- normally, we don't talk about places like Thailand and Indonesia, but they were pretty good. So we kind of highlighted them there. Everybody always talks about India, which was up nice, and China and so on. But really, really, we're getting -- we saw some nice broad growth there this year. And like I said, we opened a new factory, so we can see our strength building stronger. And if you were at the Reseller's Meetings, which is like the Distributor's with several hundred resellers, you would have been, I think, impressed with the enthusiasm they have there for our product because they see the repair wave rising. It hasn't started yet because the installation of product is just starting. Everything is new there and the repair is starting, so they see themselves getting in on a ground floor something good.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: It's getting upwards close to 10%, that kind of thing, right now. And like I said, that's why I think that's -- they're underrepresented in our number now because our business really -- and when I say business, I mean the broad industry, that what we do hasn't really taken off in importance yet in that region. I expect it to be a much bigger percentage of our total pie when that wave starts to rise.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Geez, I don't know. I don't want to do that. I think you guys can figure that out. We're growing faster than GDP. We think we can continue that for a while.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I did not say that. I said that I expect it to be 4% to 6%. I think they are managing the business superbly. I think they are -- I whisper, I think they are gaining position, if not share. But I would say that we still see it in that range. When that happens, I'm not going to speculate.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I can give you a percentage. Look, we don't give -- I have resisted over the years giving out numbers for segments. But I'll just do this. Look, they're part of the critical industries division, the industrial division. This is a $420 million business. We've mentioned 5 or 6 segments in that business. You can kind of split them up. This is -- because we started the focus on military first, this is one of the bigger ones, and then you have to understand that the fourth quarter is the biggest of the quarters for that business. You start to do that, you can start to triangulate to roughly how big it is.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I'll answer 2 of those, and I'll let Aldo deal with the delinquency question. Look, well, who knows what's going to happen in Washington. And so I don't think anybody can speculate there. We have -- our military business is biggest in the fourth quarter, and the first quarter has historically been sort of the second biggest quarter in that regard. So if we don't get this sequestration, if it doesn't break loose, we'll have a comparison that's not as tough as the fourth quarter, but easier than the -- more difficult than the second or third quarters, going out there. But I don't know about pent-up demand. We're in a funny time in the military, and I don't think you can speculate there. That's one possible future. I suppose it's one possible future that everything gets solved and the floodgates open and things happen. I'm not sure. I think it's a you pick them type thing. You can't really forecast that. But that's a possibility. It's a possibility. I think the other thing you have to think about, though, is the sequestration, and then on top of that, there is the longer-term sort of bias associated with the troop wind down. So you have some of that on top of it. So you have those 2 things in play. The military business is not dead, though. There is a future for it, and we think it will be a good business going long-term. That's certainly the big question. Now in terms of the margins associated with the C&I, there's -- any quarter, there's goes ins and goes outs, and there's more profitable businesses and less profitable business, so there can be a mix effect, but you can generally -- if you're talking about long-term trajectory in C&I, you are talking pretty much about the idea of RCI and the question of volume leverage. We say generally that our Snap-on value creation systems allow us to make more money at flat sales. And then we get leverage on top of that. So that helps the situation. For example, in Europe, we've been lowering the breakeven. So if we get more volume, we get some leverage on that. That drives up those numbers. But I guess you would come back to saying lowering the breakeven is RCI-driven. So the long -- the short answer to this is C&I rises through RCI drive, and we expect to, over time, to do just that. Aldo will talk about the [indiscernible].
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Let me add to that. I think having -- when you run businesses, there's a big difference between having a wholly-owned business and a 50-50 joint venture. As close as we worked with the 50-50 joint venture with Snap-on Credit, we worked much closer with them when they became wholly-owned. And so what Aldo says is correct. From a financial structure point of view, from a strictly financial antiseptic point of view, we haven't changed really anything in terms of how we deal with the franchisees. But the Tools Group is very cooperative with the -- I mean, the credit company is very cooperative with the Tools Group to kind of package programs and time them and present them in ways which will excite the franchisees. That kind of cooperation has increased at an extraordinary level, and it's part of what is driving some of this success.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, I think our priorities for -- just let me state probably what I've said on another call, that our priorities for use of cash are organic growth around capital expenditures. I'm not married to the -- necessarily the capital expenditure numbers. It can go up over the years. Secondly, the idea of organic growth around capital expenditures and those things, working capital, which Aldo talked about, then things like M&A, which you are quite correct that we are kind of passing through the period where we've managed through the largest acquisition this company has ever made. And so we have more energy to focus on things like acquisitions. And so you can talk about that. And then the dividends, we raised the dividends 11.8% just in November, and you might remember that we have paid a dividend every quarter since 1939 and we have never reduced it. So our kind of dividend policy is make sure we can maintain perpetuity on the dividend, and that's what we do. And then finally, there's share buyback for dilution, and we think that matches our cash flow reasonably well. We think with all those of things, we can put our cash to work.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: We understand that. I think we understand. I -- actually, I think we look at it in many ways, and one of the ways to look at it is that OpCo is debt-free, and that would say that we have substantial firepower for acquisitions, and I can assure you we know how to use such things. We have people here who would've been quite experienced in acquisitions. And so acquisitions...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I'm not actually -- I can assure you that we are -- we have the resources, and it has our attention. I'm not going to detail what we actually do, how we're approaching this, to you, certainly. But I can assure you that it's getting our attention.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes, Liam. Well, one thing I just want to call your attention to because you're a little bit newer to the story. Last year, we did have, in Q2 of 2011, an $89 million repayment in regard to settlement of a CIT arbitration matter. So when you're looking at the full year cash flow, that's something that impacted 2011 that we didn't have this year. So it's one thing if you're looking at the full year column. But now to answer your question, the on-book portfolio, as I mentioned earlier, we expect will still grow $80 million, $90 million in terms of 2013. And though we don't provide guidance, we'd like to call that out because we know that people have followed us and are trying to model the transition of the formerly-owned CIT portfolio to Snap-on. That is largely behind us. If you look at the chart, you'll see that, I believe, there was about $53 million left at the end of the year that was owned by CIT, and $11 million to $12 million of that is extended credit. That is about the remainder of what transitions over to us. So that is largely behind us. Snap-on Credit will continue to use cash in 2013, but not nearly to the same rate as what it did in 2012 and 2011.
Aldo J. Pagliari: So working capital tends to be about 25%. It was a little bit higher than that in terms of the sales revenue. I think it was more like 25.9% in the quarter. But it tends to be up and around that area. Certainly, there's always opportunities to improve working capital performance, but I would suggest that I would use that ratio still going forward.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Yes, Richard, briefly on the portfolio performance. As we said, it's well in line with our expectations. Generally speaking, if you look at the -- a little bit of seasonality, they tend to run up the 60-day delinquencies as they get closer to the Christmas holidays, and payments slow a bit. And you're correct, it was 1.5% this year. It was 1.4% last year. If you go the year back, it was 1.6%. However, we like to look at the allowance for doubtful accounts, as we call it, and that we look more at the life cycle of these loans because they tend to run 36, 37 months. And if you look of that, it actually nominally improved. It's still about 3%, and that's the number that we've been talking about as we go on the road over the past year, but actually slightly improves. So the performance characteristics in the U.S. portfolio are well within the range of our expectations. As you point out, on the international side, we're still learning how to grow at risk-based analytics. So we're a little bit more selective historically on the credit risk that we take in the international markets. We're trying to flex and leverage some of the learnings we have in the United States. However, the United States is not the same as the United Kingdom or Australia. There are differences, but we're trying to introduce some of those lessons learned based on our years of experience here in the U.S. We'll probably get a little bit more aggressive on some of our credit positions and grow sales, but that will be a nominal effect on the gross portfolio in total. So I hope that answers your question.
Aldo J. Pagliari: Not really. I'll say that in 2 ways. One is we always have new programs, but they're within the confines of working hand and glove with the Tools Group. It always was that way before. There's a little bit more energy and positive alignment because it's a wholly-owned operation, yes. But I'd say we're still working within the bounds of how we did it before.
