Nicholas Pinchuk: Sure. Look, a couple of things, first of all big ticket the idea of Snap-on tool storage and diagnostic were strong in a quarter, in fact stronger than - so much stronger than the overall Snap-on tools growth and incidentally this is side hand tools were also pretty strong in the quarter. So it was still a good quarter for big ticket items, which are the principle driver for these things. Secondly and the reason that is the case. Reason why big ticket has been the case it's because we've been investing in product, great new tool storage products and number of used features and number of great attractive product that get customers excited. The fact that diagnostics are more important in the repair shop than ever before and technicians are trying to - I guess caliber off to have better and bigger diagnostic take care of those products. It's natural that big ticket items would be stronger, so you would see that. So I think that looking at the Tools Group and seeing that lead the way is just a consequence of our investment in the marketplace and as the kinds of product we've had and the demand to the market associated - the shift in the market associated with more diagnostic. And also our investment in enabling event that breakthrough the original structural barriers of the bands that is the space and time the Rock n Roll CADs which we talked about quite a bit which helped tool storage and the Techno band we have 67 of them now. In a Techno band we have 49 of them and that drive fairly robust bigger ticket items sale. In terms of higher-double digit before - double digit origination before and somewhat less originations now, you can't trade quarter-to-quarter, because there isn’t a perfect one-to-one correlation. Remember that when you are looking at originations you are looking at franchisee sales. When you are looking at the Tools Group you are looking at our sales. We sell for the franchisees but the timing is different then you have on top of that the franchise margin and then we have on top of that the idea that a tool storage sale or diagnostic sale may ignite the couple of trading type sales which would also be somewhat supported by the credit card. So, you put those all together and that shows the landscape, but when we step back and we look at the say, 2015 numbers, when we look at the 2015 numbers about origination and the Tools Group big ticket sale, they seem pretty much the same. And this year we start to see year to date the same kind of thing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am not in the business of projecting out. I'll only say this is what I said on the call, look. The Franchisee Conference was baffled. It was really good and the enthusiasm was good, so I can tell it anecdotally or anybody was there was talking anecdotally I'm just with the national franchises, the National Franchise Advisory report and they are all positive. And quantitative piece is the orders were up, it was up over the record that we set last year at the SFC. Now they don’t translate one to one in sale, they were up significantly. It doesn’t translate one to one, but what it says is our guys saw the new product they were confident in the future they invested and they ordered so they think good things are coming.
Nicholas Pinchuk: We’re investing in things like more Blue-Point stores, more products. You are trying to expand your product line and more sales outlets. For example we just opened another sales outlet in Vietnam this quarter. So that’s the kind of investment we’re doing because in the 11 years I lived in Asia I know I am confident that the building of the physical allows you to take advantage of the market as it matures.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, we had - we talked about couple of those. I mean I think in this particular market the natural resources we’ve been - I can only say that actually we’re trying to play the long game in C&I. We believe we’re trying to build our activity in each of these markets. So for example, not in this particular quarter because we wouldn’t make product adjustment for a quarter. We see opportunities, we build out – our goal was to build up in each of the markets. For example last year we brought out 929 new products just for aviation, 313 for oil and gas even though it was, we’re having probably one of the most difficult times, 313 for military even though it was a difficult time. So we just keep addition not so much targeting. Now we still have some great opportunities they are still on heavy duty, the substitute for the pipe wrench, that’s been a great new product. And so we see things like that all the time. We see enhancements to our visual control system, our tool control system which we’ve seen now. Amazingly we’ve seen the tool control system more and go bleed into oil and gas. We have a major sale in Canada associated with oil and gas as opposed when we had been using it just for aviation. We can see it rolling into railroad with small enhancements. That’s the kind of thing we’re doing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, I don’t think it’s that much. I mean the thing is that of course there some under car equipment that gets sold in to the Tools Group space but just primarily when you’re talking about the origination, the primary driver is tool storage and the second driver is the big ticket diagnostics. So it’s not real. There is some of it in there floating around but I don’t think that’s much of a factor.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am sure there was some of it but I’d have to say it might have been, it would have shown up in the industrial business that was flat like I said it was up sequentially which gave us some positives. I don’t think it was huge factor this quarter, it might been some evolving.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look, like we said in the I think the statements, the formal statements is that diagnostic information and products and diagnostics so that will be like Mitchell and diagnostics the software and the handheld hardware to independent repair shop owners and managers were up mid single-digit and it’s been up. That kind of number gee I think every quarter for a long time. I can attest to it exactly but I think that in most quarters it’s has been bouncing around mid to high single-digit.
Nicholas Pinchuk: So I think that’s doing pretty well. The big thing about diagnostics at this time I mean, not diagnostics but RS&I this time as I tried to make clear in the quarter we have this business in RS&I which produces, which takes contracts, OEM commission contract to distribute where you could talk potential tools or facilitate a project. So for example you might have somebody’s Aldo referred to this to do some air-conditioning, provide an air-conditioning reclaim system for all its dealers. One of the manufacturers is like, I want you to provide this air-conditioning system, I want you to get it my dealers, I want it to be two per dealer and I want it to be rolled out in the next four quarters or three quarters. We rolled it out. That’s a pretty big piece of sales. You might have another one that does an essential tool for a particular new product or a new technology that rolls out on an new truck that rolls to in a quarter but what happens is these are driven by the view of the OEM and the technology and the differences that are rolling through their new models. So they tend to be quite lumpy and what happened in this quarter for that particular type of business this was kind of a strong quarter in that business and that created the overhang, one of the overhangs in RS&I.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, no. It’s like about, it’s like this. It’s about 45% U.S. about 30% in Europe and the rest in the rest of the world but there is a big piece of that like 20 points or 25 points in Asia. That’s the way it works. And the 275 people, 100 in the factories, 150 selling, 50 engineers and the rest to do in other thing.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t know. For us the winter thing is a double-edge sword. I heard people say winter is tough and therefore we don’t sale balances or we don’t sale -- we don’t do tire service, we'll service when winter is mild. So we don’t do as much tire service. On the other hand I heard people say, yes, people are crashing into each other left and side there is lot of repair, we need more or less, we need more alignment going on. People are running into bumpers or bouncing into potholes. So it's a double-edge sword. I am not so sure, but I do think there is opportunity in our business. What we saw there was variation from product to product. We saw kind of stronger quarter and alignment and couple of the other product lines that are little bit weaker. We didn’t really think it was very significant or indicative of anything actually for us. We do think there is opportunity for the equipment business going forward though because we like our product. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t think so. We don’t see it anyway and we are in garage with every -- we have people in garage for hours every week.
Nicholas Pinchuk: There can be regional trends, but they tend to very quarter to quarter, they tell you the truth. The thing is I can tell you I was just with a bunch of franchises, and from all over the country this is the National Franchise Advisory conference, they all seemed positive. And they are representing the region. So I didn’t run into a single person who was saying, this is tough. And we are saying that they were positive. At the SFC I can't emphasize enough, how important is it when people order more year-over-year. What is means is they are putting their money on the line, they are committing to taking products that they think things are going to positive, so they got a positive outlook. So we feel good about that. What's driving our business I think maybe three factors. One is our new products pretty robust. You heard me talk about couple of them for handtools. Handtools were up in the quarter, tool storage were up in the quarter, diagnostic were up in the quarter. We talk about that product line because I think about customer innovation is better than ever before. We have more products than we ever had. Secondly, our franchises are stronger. They are stronger and the despite the fact they are stronger they seem to be hungrier for more products. And thirdly, we've invested in things in the vans like Rock N' Roll Cabs. The Techno-Vans and our franchises are so confident that taking on system, so the model itself is getting better that another way it's a great market. Auto repair is a great market and like I said every quarter we know how to take better advantage to the opportunity. You can see it. 
Nicholas Pinchuk: We like it for a few reason, one is we believe car liner is a great brand, but we smear the Snap-on over it even stronger. Secondly, this is a space which is changing, different materials are requiring different modes of collision repair. And car liner's the out front on that regards with their product line and our research and engineering can augment those 50 or 45 engineers at car liners to make them better. Thirdly, we think that repair start to become more important in collision shops because there is intelligent distributor around the car. You get a dent you got repair things and so we can bring the repair aspect the collision shops something no one else can do in this space. Our products in terms of our physical products and data base associated with repair. So we think it’s a great coherent acquisition.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, look Brexit of course as I referred is a challenge for as part of the turbulence in Europe. But in fact if you look at the three pieces of our businesses in Europe, if you look at the Tools Group up strong in the U.K., you look at RS&I up nicely but you look at SNA Europe and SNA Europe was up in the quarter again I think it was the 12 straight quarter of growth. That was down slightly. So Brexit might have hurt them a little bit, it really would but generally overall volume it was great market for Snap-on. U.K. was one of our better market. The problem is in the currency so it becomes a big liner in terms of - it becomes a big effect in terms of sales, translation effect on our sales because we have pretty good sales in pounds and secondly remember we’re selling into the British market, selling in pound but we’re making in dollars, we’re making in United States. So we have a transitional impact. So if you step back and you look at our currency overall for the corporation that $2.22 it has $0.05 of currency impact and a lot of that was the U.K., a lot of that was the UK. Of course there were some other factors in there. And then looking forward when you start at look at the UK kind of went down in the quarter so we think kind of like from a sales perspective looking forward we probably don’t see as much pressure from translation but the profitability will be about the same maybe a little bit more impacted going forward because of the pound. Now going out beyond where are now. That’s based on where we sit today in terms of the pound. If the pound gets weaker it will impact us more. But that’s the major factor. We think our product and our improved capabilities overwhelm the sales factor, the selling factor just the currency sensitive factor.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I am sure that happened but I can’t you quote you any figures on that, I haven’t sliced the tools by virtually AC repair. That is one of the thing that does happen. Every year there is a new story about that, it’s a hard winter or short winter and people have different tools. The cool thing about Snap-on is, we have the widest product line, so whatever the conditions we have something to sell into those conditions.
Nicholas Pinchuk: I don’t think we’re looking backwards in terms of growth. We like to look forward and we see this as a kind of in the 5 plus vicinity, RS&I type. When you think of the RS&I type business growth that’s where we see it, the 5 plus type business. I think it’s a kind of a food errand to be true definitive looking forward but I can tell you that we think looking at it that’s a solid projection.
Nicholas Pinchuk: How we look at it the quarter is down I think year-over-year like 1.2 million something like that, 22.5 versus 22.7 but the penalty for currency was well more than offsetting that. That's good news out of pension. So we think we ended up on the short end of that combination.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, no kidding, it will grow because of the Tools Group has been growing. If you think about it the Tools Group it’s got its own factory but it’s got that great distribution. So inside C&I there are factories like the power tools factory and so on like other places that sell, they sell externally but they also sell to the Tools Group SNA Europe does that, RS&I has some divisions that do that. We’ve torque wrenches in C&I that do that do that out in California so sell in both places. So as the Tools Group grow, you will see inter-company sales grow, it’s a natural outcome of that.
Aldo Pagliari: The emerging markets tend to have their own volatility and lumpiness so to speak for lack of a better word but we believe that the secret to penetrating the emerging markets is to establish physical presence, people, place, products that suite those market and those environments. So through thick and thin we’re continuously looking for opportunities to expand our footprint because we know that what we’ve today could still be improved upon. So that’s basically our philosophy when it comes to that Liam.
Aldo Pagliari: I think there is some truth in what you say there, I don’t think you can predict quarter by quarter in this kind of situation. Of course one is with your eyeballs are looking for trying to double-digit growth that kind of things you maybe perhaps have some efficiency opportunities but we like to believe we take full advantage of those kind of things. I think though if you look at our overall number, if you look at the OI margin growth for the corporation and you take a look at the year-over-year OpCo margin and you go back and see it, you’ll see that it’s been triple-digits on awful lot of times awfully far back in peak sales growth and small sales growth. So I think we’ve been able to grow that margin in a lot of different situations on an overall basis. Now in the situation at Tools Groups it does give you a little more advantage, little opportunity to look at that but I wouldn’t allow the characterization that 5.6% is low. I think that’s pretty good growth. I mean we’re taking about 5.6% organically in GDP that are throwing between 1 and 2 all over the world. So I think it’s pretty good.
Aldo Pagliari: No I mean the top of mind you can think about the creates little bit of volatility if there is a changes in mark to market, it's depending on stock price one way or the other.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, it’s been around that level, yes, it’s been growing. I mean, it’s still, I hate to say this but it’s still got headroom. I mean it’s still below where it was at its peak, maybe 15% or so below where it was but we think it’s got headroom and the profitability 14 up straight quarters. We know that has a runway.
Aldo Pagliari: It is Gary, the pension this year the way the accounting rules work we have a savings per quarter of about $1.9 million so you can multiply that by 3 and you get a year-to-date amount. And then the noise is created by how the stock price moves not just this year but remember you have to look at the movement relative to last year. For this particular quarter there is really no change of mark-to-market it’s very benign. So most of the changes in corporate expenses this quarter is related solely to pension expense.
