Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yes, there was, there was. Look, the thing is, as we said, we launched two dynamite new products and actually the thermal imager for us is a whole new category of diagnosing a vehicle, not data driven but physically driven by looking at a vehicle. Like, for example, if you're looking for a bad cylinder, it's tough to tell from the electronic diagnostics, but you can tell if you focus the thermal imager on it and see which one is hot. That changed everything. That created a lot of volume in that situation, a lot of attention for diagnostics. And then the MODIS Edge was another extension of our already pretty robust line, but a pretty good tool. So those two really drove the business into that 8.9%. Then you had the Mitchell 1 had its usual strong performance in terms of selling to shops. And then we had some comeback with dealerships, which can be lumpy. The lumpy side can be dealerships. But mostly, the story is new product.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, we always say, look, it's 4% to 6%. That's what we're targeting in most environments. We expect RS&I to be in the middle of that, and the RS&I numbers in the last three years are 4.9%, 4.9%, 4.7%. But this particular one with these new products we feel pretty positive.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. Look, okay, the Tools Group was not equal to its normal trend, but 3% isn't a poke in the eye with a stick in a 1.9% economy. So we still feel okay about that. But you could have reasonably expected more. But everything we look at, the enthusiasm of the market, the strength of our product, our franchisees, how they react, we feel pretty positive about that. So what I'm saying is, is that you look at those numbers and you may say, below trend but in anything you look at from a physical point of view or for a conversational point of view or seeing a product pipeline point of view, you feel confident.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No, I don't think so. The timing is not really – we have up weeks and down weeks. It's hard to make any interpretation in that, David. I think simply stated, I hate to use an analogy like this, but sometimes your clean-up hitter hits a single and a double and doesn't hit a homerun and you still win the game, and that's the way we see this quarter. I wouldn't use the word weaker 3%. I hate to use that word because I think it's a reasonable growth, but yeah, it is below trend and we are unsatisfied with that number.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, we always say our growth is going to be in the 4% to 6% range, and that's the kind of thing we think of. And Tools Group grew at 5.6% in the last quarter – I mean last year, sorry, last year. And so I don't think we see anything to interrupt our trajectory, let's put it that way.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, I'll speak to the originations. Look, originations is in the Tools Group (44:02), it follows the Tools Group. And fundamentally in the quarter what you see is high growth in the diagnostics area. The diagnostics products were the hottest, in particular the thermal imager, which tends to be at the bottom end of the diagnostics range, we would still classify it as big ticket. But the origination, the credit penetration in that area of diagnostics tends to be lower. So you fundamentally look at the characteristics of the diagnostic sales and we shake our head and say, yes, lower administration, makes a lot of sense based on what we sold in the Tools Group. And so that's kind of our view in that – and It's perfectly explainable in those kinds of situations and seeing what happens with the Tools Group. It's a lot less change next quarter because of the characteristics of what sells and what new products come out. In terms of the reserves, I'll let Aldo talk about that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, we don't see the end market weakening, actually. That was the whole point of half of my script here. I don't think we see that to the extent that anything we see – I was just on a van the other day, two days ago, and it didn't seem that way. I was in the garages and those guys seemed pretty robust in their view of the world, talking about how they've had to turn away business, in fact. I know this is a windshield survey, but in terms of the kickoffs were three weeks ago. And we all go out all over the country and everybody came back saying, our guys are more pumped than ever before. So we don't see that, anyway. We don't see the end-market weakening at all.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I think ticket was up, but it was – when we say that big ticket you can classify it into three pieces or three general pieces, David. You've got the tool storage boxes, right. They're the biggest of the big ticket, and almost all of them get financed. And then you've got diagnostics that goes through a range. And then you have some other dribs and drabs, like we'll sell welders and things like that, but that is not a big ticket item. Big ticket grew faster in Tools Group, but the lion's share of that growth was in the diagnostic product, the MODIS Edges, which are expensive, and they are – maybe list price is probably $6,000, $5,999, something like that. And then you've got the thermal imager, which was at the bottom of the range. The list price is somewhere I think around $1,300, $1,400. So the thing is, is that you've got a lower end at that level. So your big ticket was greater than the Tools Group, but more anchored in the lower end of big ticket than in maybe the quarters we've been used to lately. Tool storage was slightly off this quarter. So the tool storage representation was not as strong in this. So thus the smaller originations than it used to because thermal imagers, the penetration, the need for financing is a lot lower than for tool storage box.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No, maybe. There's a lot of things. I think – I don't know. Fundamentally these kinds of things are fairly judgmental in that situation (49:23). That's certainly a possibility, although we don't think – we try not to pull ahead those kinds of things, but certainly launches of new products really affect this kind of thing. And remember that you're talking about difference between 3% growth and 6% growth in the Tools Group, you're talking about one set of sockets once a week for every franchisee. So it's a difficult thing to – when you're talking about those differences, it's a difficult thing to pin down exactly the results. I would say if you're talking about tool storage, the biggest effect was hot diagnostics taking a lot of attention.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Yeah. There is. I mean I think we say that we keep driving up the margin, there's a lot of reasons for this. I mean fundamentally we see a lot of opportunities even today for improvement in Snap-On in every division, that's number one. Number two is, yes, material prices are rising, but we don't buy that much and you've never heard me explain on this call variance associated with material costs and we've made a couple of acquisitions now that gives us more grist for the Snap-On value creation mill.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: So I see lots of opportunities there still. So I don't think, by no means have we hit the top anywhere.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Bingo! It was flat, but we increased the Techno-Vans, which sells diagnostics. We moved those up 10% in the quarter, 20% year-over-year. So that's a relevant question. I didn't add that before, but that's one of the things that helped drive the diagnostics business. It all come together, new product and more power in the field's marketing of all this. Now, as I've said in the past, I'm not so sure that has an effect, and the fact that we didn't increase Rock 'N Roll vans doesn't necessarily have an effect because we think we get better every quarter at using them, but the fact is we haven't increased them for some time.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I'll just say, I don't like to talk about the absolute number because I don't want to get pinned to the cross of reporting on hit products every year. But I'll just tell you this, versus 10 years ago we've reached more than 6 times.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Just to ground ourselves, in the fourth quarter we took about a $15 million hit in revenue from currency and about $0.05 or $4 million on the bottom line in currency. And for the full year we had about $50 million, just north of $50 million, $51.5 million and $0.26 or $23 million in currency. Looking forward, this is the darndest thing; at the end of the year we would have said same stuff. It would have been the same numbers, right. When we looked at it we figured we're going to see more or less the same currency effect that we had last year. You kind of rolled it out maybe a little different in conversation. But since the year-end things have changed, and we think the currency number's kind of half, for ballpark numbers you can kind of look at a half type currency. Look, maybe a little bit more than that early, right now if rates stay right where they are today we think it ends up being about half. And the interesting thing about this is we talked about delinquencies and provisions in the credit company. The effect of currency, the $23 million, is humongous compared to our noise around that. And of course currencies can always change, so tomorrow I may wake up and this may all be different. But if you took them today, we'd expect some relief. And that relief would be big, would be nice.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Oh, we're saying double-digit growth for the independent shop owners. The repairs, the diagnostics and software for the independent repair shop owners, Mitchell 1 sells the software in terms of SureTrack with the hundreds of millions of dollars of records of repair. And then diagnostics is the hardware and software-based sale, things like a thermal imager or a handheld diagnostic that will decode everything a car wants to say. So if you take that together it's like double-digits.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I don't know. I hear all that, but I'm not sure I believe it. The thing is that every time I go in a garage sometimes the guys will tell me the weather has shafted us, and other people will say, the snow will make it bad for us because people can't get in. Other people will say the snow makes it good because they have a lot more procedures. So I'm not so sure how to play with that. What I will tell you about this is the Europeans tend to follow this. And the European business was much more sluggish compared to the North American business in this particular area. And Eastern Europe hasn't been too good to us in the equipment business either.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: No. I wish I could say that I was, but the problem is, it seems like when we take one step forward, we take a step backwards in another place. For example, we're up in China this year, India difficult. I'm sure you're probably familiar with the demonetization in India and people ran out of cash. And a lot of our smaller distributors do a cash business, so our business went – kind of weakened in the third quarter. So we're seeing that kind of balance. The turbulence has bedeviled us lately in terms of Indonesia being down and Thailand being up. So we see progress from a physical point of view, I feel better about the business, but we haven't been able to monetize it yet. I'm confident we will, but it hasn't been a meaningful contributor to us.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: I'm just saying, I'm confident it will be. But it hasn't been yet because we're managing over all those differences.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Well, yeah. I mean the thing is, is that a couple of things. Of course, increasingly the franchisees are deciding on their own to add assistants. Now we have about 20% of them up with assistants; I think there's 695 or something like that, up about 20% year-over-year. And that gives them more – in effect adds time to each van. And what we've done is, we've put programs in place to support them: new computer systems, tablets that allow them to have two people wandering around a garage or separated off the van and can still have a cash register in their hand. And so that's been a kind of positive event. That's one thing I can think of for sure. And then, of course, just this quarter we expanded the Techno-Vans, another 10% growth quarter-over-quarter, 20% year-over-year. And that saves time because it puts an expert at the beck and call of a franchisee for a short period of time, and it also gives him and expands his selling space. So the Techno-Vans both amplify the time and allow him to time share more space for selling. So you have those two things going on. There's a number of smaller things which we focus on in terms of how they're going to manage their inventory, how they're going to do other things.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk - Snap: Sure. I mean we are developing, actually remember: change is our friend. It requires the mechanic to change his tool set and to get new implements to allow him to repair these cars. And make no mistake about it, they need repair. And so we are working on this but just to be clear, unfortunately for us, it ain't happening next Thursday. There are 300 million vehicles on the road in North America and a very micro-percentage of them are really hybrids and electronic, even today. But we are doing new things. For example, hybrids and electronics, we have a whole line of insulating tools. If you're poking around inside those engine compartments whether they are electric or hybrid, there's a lot of voltage in there, you don't want to get fried. And in fact there's a lot of danger. So a whole set of tools has to be used to particularly do that and we have them available. In terms of automated cars, that's what I was talking about in terms of torque. Any time a car becomes more reliant on a system, it requires more calibration, more precise adjustment. And torque is one of the things that's more important. Of course, there's a whole bunch of other things like alignment and tire balancing, and a number of things that emanate from precision that opens up a whole new range of opportunities for us. So as cars become more automatic, we're investing in torque. You heard me talk about the AT300. Because of the need for that precision, that's why the SUVs and light trucks are requiring this precise torques of such large numbers. They didn't used to do that. And in terms of things like lane departure systems or self-parks or adjusting automated cruise control, they all need more of this and that means precision. That's why we're buying in the torque sector because we believe this is a natural emanation of it. And one of the bright spots of the Tools Group in the fourth quarter was torque was up substantially, verifying that, confirming that view of the world.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap: Well, David, if you look at the cash flow statement, you'll see that our provision, if you look year-over-year, it's up about $4.4 million, just to give you a little color on that. If you just still look at what I would call the normal sized growth in the portfolio, that would account for about a third of the provision. So you have, yes, two-thirds of extra growth in the provision relates to the delinquency and characteristics of the trends. So at the end of the quarter, we think the reserve's adjusted accordingly. It reflects that. And as we move forward, we're not alarmed by any of the statistics. These are within the range of deviation that we've seen over recent times, so we're comfortable.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap: There is a bit. If you look at the collision business itself, the fourth quarter tends to be one of their better quarters. We owned Car-O-Liner practically speaking for a full two months, Sturtevant Richmont to a lesser extent was really only about a little over about five-, six-week ownership period. But yes, the collision business does skew a bit to the fourth quarter.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap: Yeah, Dave, it's Aldo. Our principal focus for free cash flow is to look for investment opportunities whether that be organic or by way of acquisitions, that is what we look to. And, again, our strategy along share repurchase is still more or less to offset dilution. And, again, we continue to make contributions into our pension plan. So as we go forward and things change, we'll reexamine those on a quarterly basis, but that's kind of the pecking order right now.
Aldo J. Pagliari - Snap: Yeah, Richard. I think that last word is a good one. The business policy of sorts is to rely heavily on our experience. And when I say our experience that also includes the experience curve of the franchisees themselves. We have a traditional database that you get reports from various agencies and credit bureaus and things of that nature. We have our own internal history, which means a lot, and we keep that as a reservoir of information at the credit company. And we actually stripe and monitor the progress that our franchisees make along their path through a career in this business and track trends, and are able to instill in them some training. We provide training when we go to the periodic conferences. But they are in a position to meet their customers up close and personal each and every week for the most part, and offer back to the credit company, an informed credit decision that might not be apparent in the bureaus or in the database, such as, what's the peer group feedback on that technician in a garage. What is the garage itself doing? Is there a stream of work or does it look like a garage vulnerable to a downturn? My point is that there's a lot of information resident in the franchisees and their own employees, because some of them do have employees. And we try to incorporate that into our final decision when we make a credit choice. So as the model evolves, it's always enhanced. As the franchisees attempt to grow, they reach into new spaces, they meet new customers, those customers will have different credit profiles. And you adjust accordingly along the way.
