Nick Pinchuk: Well, hand tools were off a little bit, not much, but slightly. You could call it in the low single-digit. So it's really kind of you would call it flattish sort of, but down a little bit for the arithmetic purposes. The introduction of the new 1422 that mid-tier tool storage unit, was its fairly buckle and it helped to ignite better tool storage. Tool storage was up slightly in the quarter. So we saw some come back off course just barely, but it was up in the quarter which has been our first up in awhile, so we feel pretty positive about that. And the new product introductions associated with diagnostic tended to drive some positivity. The hand tools business you know I referred to FDX, the new wrenching system, I mean the new socket system that we have, and we're very bullish on that, but it was introduce late in the quarter so it didn’t make that much of a difference in this quarter. Diagnostics show some increases and software off course was up which helped drive profitability. The Tools Group margins, the 45.9 I think is maybe a all-time high. So those products were very good for us.
Nick Pinchuk: No, the power tools on a C&I side rises or falls with the introduction in new product, and I talked about the PT650 which is the little sibling of something we produced last year. So one, in the quarters, we had somewhat earlier release last year of the big brother, the PT850, so you’re up against that one, and this one came out I said I think in the late June. So you really didn’t see an effect in that and you have that kind of disconnect. And of course, there is the question of power tools in C&I sales primarily itself externally but also sales big to the Tools Group. So there is a little bit of lag in terms of and disconnect between those two, going to inventory and selling that will sometimes drive differentiation in the quarter, but we think power tools has good things ahead of us because we like the power tools product that are coming out. We like the 650 and we like other things that will come out later in the year.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, diagnostic, the handheld diagnostics were up low single digit to couple percent, the big thing is you know you got those big ticket but higher margins diagnostic units of Apollo and ZEUS. Now, we often say that they have to share the margins with RS&I, but Apollo versus its predecessor is higher margin, so that’s why you're seeing the impact on margins.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, that’s right, I mean, it wasn't ongoing and we’re putting on the 3D modeler on the vans on the Rock 'n' Roll cabs. The Rock 'n' Roll cabs are I think our franchises continue to tell us they are very effective, so you'd be entitled to that. Now remember, I say and I say this every third quarter that our third quarter can be a little squirrelly because we have the conference and it depends how many days or guys in the field all those things. But you will see the full force of that product going on and that feature going on in the second half. So, we’re pretty positive about that.
Nick Pinchuk: All I’m thinking that we’re going to have late because I mean we think, if you’re talking about big ticket items, we think the diagnostics unit keep driving. And of course, if you think about this the driving of new software, you can look at the numbers about one third, let say software starts to increase dramatically because only single digits of the people were buying subscriptions. Now one, third of installed base was taking updates in a year. But when you do as ZEUS, more than 90% have taken a data package and Apollo closed to 90% have taken the data package. And those are subscriptions, and so those represent a significant portion of the installed base. So that's what driving -- that annuity out, there is what's driving the software growth in the Tools Group. And we see that going forward more than anything and as well as the further sales of those. And then we have new products ready to rollout as well. Now, one of the things I will tell you that I think has good legs as to socket wrenching system, so I think that will keep going.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I'd say that. I think that's right. I mean I think the business is pretty well balanced now. I think like I said, like we said many times in many calls, the credit system is a kind of self-correcting system and it continually corrects both by us and by the franchisees. We think they are in a good spot now. Actually, we think the system is pretty balanced. You see originations kind of matching what big ticket is. You see sales by us matching or actually sales off the van are better than sales, our sales to the vans themselves. So, this makes for pretty good balance at least in a short-term. We feel pretty positive about where the Tools Group is. Now, I'd like to see growing off course, but it's certainly better than last quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: Look at the gross margin, 3 basis points. The thing is -- I think that's the most the telling thing. We're selling these products for that given away I mean fundamentally that's what RCI is about, customer connection innovation, rolling our products more content, getting your price and also being able to control your cost in the phase of even material changes.
Nick Pinchuk: But I'm not announcing it on this call. So, yes, we will roll out some things I think, and it looks like it's been better attended than at least for registrations right now better attended than ever before.
Nick Pinchuk: Let's see, well, look critical industry and C&I is about 40%, I would say, for government work 40% and it's about 25% maybe 30% international, yes.
Nick Pinchuk: I don’t know, I mean, this is like every other product, we sell it to the franchisee, they take it and we book the sale expect for -- that’s for all the product and then we -- in the case of diagnostics products, we track what we call activations. So, we know right away when they sold into the industry. And so when I’m saying these products are, we not only sold more to franchisees, but we know that they are selling better off the van than anyone than their predecessors. Because we see the activations because they have to come back to us to activate the software, so we have that. And then you know there is the whole data package question that appended to ZEUS and Apollo with the franchise sells that, but we don’t book it, we amortize it over 36 months or 24 months depending on the period. And remember that, remember here that just to be clear, one of the things we monitor very clear is sales -- overall sales to end customers, for the quarter and for the year-to-date, the sales to end customers off the vans are higher than the sales and our sales to our franchisees.
Nick Pinchuk: Everything. Yes, everything, right, everything. Now, if you look at any particular product, particularly rolled out a new product of course it’s a lack. There is the guys got to get trained, they got to socialize and we roll them out, regionally, so there is a lot of variation from product to product. But for sure, there is a significant -- we've been clear that deliver sales will be called, sales up vans have been for a long-term and clearly in the quarter, better off the vans and we sold to them and therefore the inventories are shrinking.
Nick Pinchuk: See, I don’t know. I don’t think I worry so much about those comps. I think this quarter was -- if I look at the absolute amount size, I was encouraged by the absolute amount of these quarters. So I'm not so concerned about rolling into whether the third quarter or the fourth quarter was down or up. I'm looking for a positive so sequential and year-over-year improvement. However, I will again say that our third quarter was always squarely because you don’t know how many weeks or how many days the franchise is going to sell, and it's always been so and I've said so on every call that I've faced the third quarter. But we're optimistic going forward, we see like I said, we saw some improvement and we do see opportunities going forward.
Nick Pinchuk: I can tell you this that the software sales in the Tools Group are up strong double digits. And the software sales in the sales group or maybe what would I say at quarter or quarter of diagnostic sales or maybe a third of diagnostic sales, so you can kind of triangulate around that time of thing. There are dribs and drabs in software at a lot of different places, but you can look at that. It's about a third of the diagnostic sales and we're up strong double digits in that particular. And so that is very profitable, if you pivot to the RS&I Group, software comprises about a third of that business, and we're up mid-single digits there, but it's a much boarder thing in a much different industry. There is a little bit of double pounding because they're selling into Tools Group. But it's still positive software, one of the cool things is our database is our common home, and they have given us better sales and that what's driving this kind of profitability. If you looked at our gross margins quarter, it's pretty strong. I usually don’t talk about gross margin, but if you look at the overall businesses gross margin, I think it's an all-time high as well and it's being driven…
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, I mean the thing is, just think of it this way. The balance in the Apollo and the ZEUS was that we package the software. The data package was appended to the hard body, and therefore a figure out-of-the-box place, so we list that higher prices for our customers, but we sold them in pretty bigger number than a predecessor and that created a bigger software streams which will keep recognizing. So, we don’t recognize a portion of that higher price because we wait, we recognize it month-by-month. So what you are seeing is a growing amortization of that in some cases, in many cases. So you will see that sort of annuity coming home.
Nick Pinchuk: Exactly, they need that and like you say, 40% of the repairs in car, overall car park required diagnostic unit, 80% of the repairs in the new car required diagnostic units and only getting worse, it's getting more complex. And we have the best one, the 1 billion record data base for smart repairs and almost a 100 billion data base for decoding, some of the codes when you don’t have an easy solution, people are liking that why they are buying these products at strong prices.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I will let Aldo answer that. But I'll tell you -- part of it is -- that is fairly a direct correlation because there is a timing difference in lot of that. But Aldo, you want to…
Nick Pinchuk: I think it's hard to specify individual pieces, but all I can tell you is, the sales off the vans are better than our sales to them. And so, that's being going on throughout the whole year. Now, franchise to franchisees, they may have more inventory or less inventory. I talked to franchisees who said both. I think you would say that, if it's a new product, they probably have more inventories than the less because they are rolling it out and they like to put it in front of customers. And when they see customers, they want to strike while the iron is hot. I think for stuff that's been around for a while, they have less inventory.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, we learn something -- we do learn some things about the size that a hand tool bundles last year. We learned some things about the length of the [Indiscernible] speed, time period under which we were booking SFC orders. In other words, when you go to SFC, you could book orders out for delivery out through February. So this year, we're tightening that a little bit to be to make it more direct and understandable. I think our franchises like that and off course we are working harder on products. Now, we think I'd say what based on registrations, it seems like this is going to be a pretty good one. So, the first step is getting people there, it looks like that's going to happen. Now, we think we have to learn the lesson. We've learned some lessons of last year. We expect that to work, but that's the art of -- sort of the art of the presentation.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, we're trying to sell more and we -- so investing in support in terms of people in the field, in terms training, when we roll out something like the Apollo or the ZEUS, hey, complicated now. So, you got to put more time in training and supporting our sales. Our guys just don’t -- they have a lot of other products to worry about, so you have to supplement that and that drives a lot of that. So, it's not a surprise to me. If I close my eyes and I say and you told me that we rolled our products with intelligent diagnostics, and we have two of them in a field and then we rolled out a new different silhouette tools support box, which is again you want to sell the features and so. And we are talking about an FDX towards the end of the quarter which is new wrench, a new socket system. I would say we spent a lot of money trying to support that.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I think it depends on our feeling about how well our franchise and how well the training takes the first time. Usually, we're making assessment of that afterwards and we say, gee, do we need to roll some new market because our guys don’t understand it at all. With products like this you want to make sure that both the seller and the customer appreciates the technology because as some people have said other people are offering cheaper stuffs.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I’m not really sure. I’m not sure. For example, steel prices, we buy steel in the U.S. Our steel, the Milwaukee sockets are made with U.S steel. All our hand tools are U.S. steel and they rose 30% in last 18 months. So, I’m not sure what’s going to happen in the future. It's hard to say where there will be more or less. Certainly, we think we can manage it.
Nick Pinchuk: That’s a good question. I mean that is the question there. I mean the thing is the flatness to the OEM is generally driven by the chronic lumpiness of that business, and we’ve seen it go up and down pass, the equipment business was all up. I think its mid single digits or low single in the quarter and that is the little worse than it's been. And you got a couple of effects one is that, we had a couple of in some of the peripheral pieces that business like break ways and so on, we had some pretty big distributions last year in terms of some major OEM that did create a headwind. And we had some difficulties around things like we change the deliveries associated with some of our in our collusion business and we had a little destocking with distributors. And around some of our lift factories had the same kind of things in terms of delivery. So, we had something that you could explain some of it. I think the rest of it is just, boy, it was a tepid quarter. So, we saw a tepid quarter and we had a couple of three things in there that you could make some explanation, but I don’t think they added up to the whole downturn.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, I mean I think it is our job is to try to six that. I mean we don’t like it down there in that situation. So, we have to try to figure out how to deal with those -- the way we’re dealing with the transitory stuff is couple of new products are rolling out. So some people might have been anticipating that and backing up. We've got some new products rolling out in a fall, so we will do that. We’re going to take a look at that sourcing associated with the relationship with the distributors, and see if we can make sure that, it doesn’t just throw us that air ball again. And so, that’s all we do in that situation.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, look, the power tools business is up slightly in the Tools Group. Cordless tools sold pretty well in the quarter. You know that pneumatic that I talked about coming out of the C&I business was launched late, so wouldn’t have any effect some on into the Tools Group. Generally, you saw the small tools that come from our Kunshan factory in China. The little 14.4 volts sell pretty well in the Tools Group, which created that positivity. And then, they were really selling down some of the inventory they had from prior distribution from the C&I business. And we expect that a little bit to change as new products rollout from C&I, but that sort of it. Tools Group had a reasonably positive hold in the right -- but positive, holding their own in cordless though, weaker in pneumatic in the marketplace. And but some of that was driven by our smaller like cordless power tools that come out of Kunshan therefore in this quarter, the C&I power tools factory in Murphy didn’t benefit from it.
Nick Pinchuk: I think, if you talked about products, generally, we are sourcing the markets from where we -- we're sourcing the markets where we sell, so we generally have a fairly positive profile versus those kinds of interruptions. And if we don’t, we have the ability to move things around the resource. So when we look at the list of tariffs, we think we're pretty well positioned for those things, and those things that we are not, that's our job to make the difference. So at least that we look at it right now, we were not ringing our hands and worrying about them effectively. So, I think now things could change and things would be changing minute by minute with tariffs. So, I'm always saying to what I see right today and what's in place today we are okay.
Aldo Pagliari: And then, the franchisee of that or anything particularly new is going to be rolled around that sort of the catalyst.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I'll let you know when we're growing at much bigger. We keep making tinker. We tinker all the time. We make changes all the time. So, we will keep changing the tool storage, but this is a big. Now, when we come up to an SFC, we do have changes associated with tools storage line. We roll it out 3,495 franchises get to see it and so, we kind be ready for that. So, you’re seeing some of that changes going on. And if that doesn’t work, we will keep tinkering.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes, finance receivables are down 0.3%, so if you correlate that with the low single-digit, the increase in handheld diagnostics and full storage, and you’re down a little bit in other products generally speaking. I think it triangles quite well, but there is that timing difference I think I mentioned. Right, but originations reflect sales of the franchisees off the van versus ourselves, but I think they triangulate very closely.
Aldo Pagliari: That's a good portion of it is in fact van related when you have contract franchisees coming on board, when they start up or missing routes. Often times, they are financing to the end involve, but also there is some financing of working capital it's kind of normal, but that's been positive.
Aldo Pagliari: No, I don’t think so. I think the policy -- we've again making some changes more at the beginning of the year and in middle of the year, but no change in that regard. I think what you are seeing is just an improvement in the base of activity and stabilization as I mentioned. Normally, you get sequential changes 0 to 10 basis points. This time, you saw a 20 basis points the improvement, if you look from Q1 moving into Q2. So I think this is overall stabilization.
