Nick Pinchuk: I'll tell you that I had heard like somebody mentioned double-digits versus last year. But look, I want to quickly say, these are orders. They're not sales, people order. And so we had a pretty robust number. And I don't like to say the real amount here, the exact number, it was pretty good. It's dangerous to extrapolate because they are orders. But orders of that level are better than the point eye with a sharp stick, I'll tell you that. So, we feel pretty good about this. Where it was ordered, I think tool storage was terrific in this quarter. Hand tools were very strong. And the big packs did pretty well. Big packs are kind of a comprehensive thing that people order. So, we saw in those categories. I think everything did pretty well, but the big ticket items were kind of good in this particular quarter. -- SFC as they were in the quarter, big ticket items were strong enough.
Nick Pinchuk: I'll say it again. Big orders. They were big order, something like double-digit, they are order. And secondly, generally, I think if you ask me to make a couple -- I think the big ticket items were pretty strong for us. And -- but generally, we have these things, Gary, called big packs where franchisees order comprehensive arrays of tools, hand tools and so on and so they were also pretty strong. So, hand tools are pretty good.
Nick Pinchuk: No, no, no. We would probably not do that. We would probably have -- we would put them in -- we would put all types of drivetrains in one tool. We wouldn't necessarily have one because you do it now. You have hybrids and you have -- you'd have -- you have anything in the product. The beauty of the diagnostic unit is you can repair anything. So, part of the idea is you plug it in, no matter what the car is, the model, the make, the type of thing. And so you try to have that in terms of comprehension around, in that situation. And we have the best -- we are the best, certainly in terms of comprehensive data. Coverage is--
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there's a couple of things. I mean one of the things we're getting better at applying social media. So, the idea behind social media, it's a big RCI opportunity because of the better we can pre-brief the customers. So, when we enter the shops, the customer kind of knows the product, he knows the -- and we have a lot of promotions. So, he knows the promotion. So, the franchisee can spend his limited time with that particular individual, customizing why those characteristics mean a lot to them, and he can use them. And so that is really one huge thing. It's one of the things that we're getting better at day-by-day, but it has driven some of our capabilities in those kinds of situations. There's other things in terms of collections, in terms of taking inventories on the vans in terms of adjusting the computer system. So, it's easier to use and quicker those kinds of things in ways in which they can status their orders, which is a big deal these days because you've got a lot of people clamoring for product, and they're looking for it. So those are the kinds of things.
Nick Pinchuk: Yeah. In each quarter, it varies from time to time, but this quarter was sort of right on, pretty much the same. Maybe even, yeah, I'd say, right on, maybe even a little better, but not -- for government work, you can say, sell-in and sell-out was about the same.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, everything is sell-in for undercar. It's one of the things that derive -- the collision repair is a star in this era. I think it's driven by the idea that collision, the cars now has that neural network of sensors. So every time -- if you just dent bumper, it's thousands of dollars of repair, because you've got to recalibrate everything and so on. So collision shops got to upgrade to take advantage of that to be actually be able to effectively, not only restore shape but put things back into operating performance. But also, the other businesses we're selling via the other products like lifts, just basic lifts, which you would think would be the most vanilla of products in the situation are selling quite well. So I think it's on collisions shops, as the situation, but also repair shops in general are seeing the future, and they are pumped about this. Like I said, I think even the dealerships are starting to get over the idea, they don't have cars to sell and are turning to repair.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, first of all, I have to say, though, I think when you walk in the garage, you don't hear a recession. It's like when you watch the -- when you watch the programs like Score Box [ph] in the morning, every 10 words are recession -- every 10th word is for recession. You don't hear that in the factories of the -- among the people of work. You just don't hear it. They're really robust about this. But -- if you're talking about canary in the coal mine, if you looked at the last -- each one is different. But certainly, the last ordinary recession that wasn't open. You would see a reduction maybe in bigger ticket items perhaps, because of the confidence in the future. Generally, repair needs to go on. It's essentially doing it, but people might be packing to shorter payback items and longer payback items when they're a little more uncertain about the future. That happens in the financial recession. Now as it turns out in the quarter, our big ticket items were robust.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I don't think, and I now have been -- I've been through two big downturns; one, the financial recession, and two, the COVID, if you can call it. And I don't remember restricting our investment in the business. I do not remember that. If we wanted to do it, if we thought it was important for the future, if these was efficacious for our customers, we were able to do it. Because Snap-on, maybe you get a little -- you're off the bubble a little bit, but we've never really been restricted in a recession. And those are two big ones, two big wins. And so I don't anticipate doing that. I anticipate our ability to keep investing in the business. We might tighten our belt in terms of travel and things, other things people do. But if you're talking about investing in a business, we said last time, we kept going, we kept investing in product and brand and people. We didn't lay anybody off. And that's what we did. And that's why we came out of the reception stronger. So we do the same thing.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we certainly -- let me take the Tools Group first. I think there's -- and Tools Group, I said many times, we control the customer interface. We believe we can price for visible inflation. We were pretty satisfied, we were pretty encouraged by this quarter. Third quarter -- I've said this like in 15 third quarters that I've been on this call, it's always squarely. So the idea is -- I thought the Tools Group had a great -- a very encouraging third quarter, especially against the currency, and being up over 2019. If you come to C&I, yes, it's a little bit more viscous in terms of pricing. But if you look at C&I, I think we thought 7.9% up organically. It's pretty good. It's starting to break out of the problem and the 14.7% OI margin, while down year-over-year is the highest since we actually started getting this turbulence. So we see -- when we step back on it, we see C&I fighting against these turbulences, both geographically and sector-wise. But we see them winning the war and moving forward, and we would consider that to happen. If you look at cost overall, generally, there's a lot of variation in this, but steel cost -- for example, some steel costs are down now. So you're going to start seeing that versus last year. Others are down versus the peak, but not down versus last year. So you're going to see variation going forward, but it's got to be an easing of the situation, at least a more positive situation. The worry about C&I is the ability of getting things and getting them delivered when you have those hundred tool -- 100-unit complex kits to deliver, and you have to have them all in place before you send out the kit. And so that can be devil C&I. That's the major battle for them. But I feel pretty confident about the situation. I think things are getting better.
Nick Pinchuk: No. I -- we don't think -- we think pricing ends up being around -- we do a list price, but the list prices don't all flow, and then we've got the -- it doesn't all hold. And then we've got the promotions, which go out and some of them are leaner and some of them are more rich. And so you have that. And then you've got new products that are rolling through the system and they get repriced. So when we look -- we all said and done, we would say that tools may be getting half of that in price or maybe a little bit less. That's the way we see it. It doesn't -- you can't really just look at the list price because it gets so complicated in looking at that. But our best guess is that it's around that number. So okay, you see -- okay. Yes, it's not 7.4% volume growth, but it's certainly not zero.
Nick Pinchuk: David, yes, that's cool, but that's not true. The thing is that remember, you got pricing also rolling through those things year-over-year, the same way you did that calculation on the overall number, you got some of that. But tool storage was strong. But you've got other small ticket items. You've got power tools, you got, what we call shop-in tech, which is a myriad of other things that we might sell like lights and pressure gauges and things like that. And so you have a lot of things that go to that. But if you want to pinpoint on hand tools, I'll tell you hand tools is good in the quarter, up double-digits again. So, generally, the core products were okay. The things that are normal. That's what happened in that situation.
Nick Pinchuk: We always think about these things, David. We review it all the time. But in reality, we've kind of held there, and it's worked for us for a long time. And so I think we are -- we think it's appropriate for the credit profile of the people we deal with. And so we haven't changed anything in that macro in a long time. So, when you look back and you look at the performance of the credit company, it really isn't marked by major changes in the core model. It's generally been the same. Now, it isn't that we don't review it or anything, but I don't think we're seeing ourselves do that right now anyway.
David MacGregor: Good stuff. I wanted to just build on that last question. And a question with respect to the tools segment. And you reported 7.4% growth. And to the extent that you are sort of maintaining pace with inflation, that would suggest that the bulk of that was pricing, and volume might have been up kind of low single-digit kind of numbers. And so I guess...
David MacGregor: Sure. No, I understand. So, if we assume maybe prices is maybe 300 basis points and you got 400 basis points --
David MacGregor: Yes, sounds like it. And then you got 400 basis points of volume growth. And it sounds like from what you said earlier in the call that inventory on the trucks was pretty stable, but it was pretty even growth between the wholesale and the retail I guess I'm just trying to reconcile the 11% originations growth, which suggests that big ticket was up very, very large. And the implication of that would be that maybe smaller ticket or hand tools was mathematically a negative number, but maybe I'm misunderstanding that.
David MacGregor: Sure. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of -- within your credit business, I don't think there's ever really many serious questions about the quality of credit in this portfolio. You guys have always done a fantastic job of managing that, and I expect that will be the case going forward. Could you foresee any circumstances whatsoever where you would consider lowering what you charge on extended credit from that 17%, 18% yield to something that's maybe a little more a little more accessible for service for all these...
