Nick Pinchuk: Backlog is still pretty strong. I mean, the 11.1%, the increase -- by the way, it was bigger than that really in the critical industries. So that wasn’t borne out of the backlog. Pretty much the backlog is still there. And what you’re seeing is our getting some of the repair challenges underway. I’m not declaring complete victory over the supply turbulence but it looks a lot better this quarter than it has in the past. Plus, you got the military coming back in that period. The military was down before. So you have those two factors driving critical industries upwards, and that’s pretty good. And it isn’t -- we still have a pretty strong backlog sitting there. Orders just keep going. Everybody likes to have customized products.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes. We could be a lot more efficient in selling off the vans. This is one of the reasons that altered our business going upwards in the Tools Group on the principal components of driving it upwards, we could do better than that. Our factories could be more efficient because they’re chockablock. They’re up to their eyeballs. We’re trying to expand them. So we’re working on the expansion, and we’re pounding the RCI into those expansions. So we better -- that will help us quite a bit. So, you see that. And I think in a lot of ways, RCI applies to the Tools business, to the Product business because that’s the complexity in repair goes up. It needs new products. And having a large number of new products really necessitates a real focus on RCI and the actual customer connection and innovation process and so, will drive that through. So fundamentally, we see a lot of opportunities. Our business is sort of like that, Chris. We sort of structurally have opportunities because we have 85,000 SKUs. We’re pretty vertically integrated in a lot of places, sometimes in some cases, raw steel comes in the back of the factory and through a number of different processes from forging all the way to plating to make it look like jewels and putting in the hands of the end user, we have tremendous verticality. So, we have horizontal, 85,000 SKUs and a verticality. That creates a lot of interest for continuous improvement. So we have lots of confidence in our ability to do better.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re seeing an encouraging situation. I mean, we were spitting blood all over the military in the quarters -- further quarters. It was a big negative for us, it was really not there. But now it seems to have come back in a number of different projects, and they’re not huge projects, they’re smaller projects. So this is kind of a -- we interpret it as an opening of the spicket. Every time -- the guys in military tell me this every time a new administration comes in, regardless of who it is, there’s a new sheriff in town, they raise -- we’re going to have new procedures, the new procedures actually don’t work. And so eventually, the war fighters say, I need tools, and therefore, the spicket opens. That’s what’s happening now.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. Look, hand tools are about -- just with the growth this period. So, if you’re looking for mix, there’s really not a mix story along the product lines, we don’t see. If you step back, you look at it, there’s a lot of product, particularly hand tools, they’re about equal to our growth, give or take, equal to our growth. And in terms of big ticket, you got diagnostics being stronger than tool storage because we just introduced and we introduced the big Zeus -- ZEUS+, I think it’s $12,000. This is a monster, the top-of-the-line handheld diagnostic. And so that’s been selling robustly. And you see that together with tool storage in the originations this quarter. So I think for the selling off -- the selling to the franchisees quarter, you’re seeing a good big ticket -- a little bit more or more with diagnostics this quarter than in past quarters because of the Zeus launch. And then you see hand tools kind of keeping pace with the average. Everybody else is the -- the other cats and dogs are floating around it.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I mean, look, I think the -- sure, there are shops that don’t have diagnostics. I mean, there are guys who think they can do it themselves. And by the way, you can repair it yourself, but it takes more time. And so the more experienced technicians think they can get through in some of them, particularly in truck shops, you’ll see that more. But generally, diagnostics are an upgrade and they’re upgrading the software. And what happens, the good thing about this, like I say in the remarks, is the more drive by wire, the more you need more advancements in both the software and the hardware. It’s one of the reasons why the ZEUS+ has been such a baffle hit, is that it really does move everything forward, bigger screens, make it easier from a hardware point of view, and it’s got enhanced software. And we tried to emphasize that. We keep coming up with ideas like Mitchell 1, like the wiring diagrams for trucks. That may not sound like much, but it’s bad because if you have to keep -- it’s really helpful because if you have to keep trying to find the wire in a new view, it’s a real puzzle sometimes, and they’re holding about collision. Collision is booming. And so writing software for collision, we’re kind of, I think in kind of one of the only few they’re trying to do that, and we see that being very positive. So there’s a lot of opportunity flow through there. Most of it, though, it really depends on the shop. If you’re talking about just the vehicle repair shop, most of them are upgrading what they have already. In some cases, the shop certainly has something. That would be -- in some cases, you’re adding technicians that are using more diagnostics or don’t have a diagnostic now, they’re borrowing. In other cases, if you look at truck or collision repair, they’re just starting to get diagnostics. That’s a little more fertile ground for it.
Nick Pinchuk: I’ll tell you what, Gary, I don’t know how we can afford to sell it for the price we do. But we do -- we view it as a high value, but yes, the software is more -- when you buy the initial package, you get software for a period of time, like six months in the package. And so then you could take a subscription then that will start after six months or you can wait till six months over and take a subscription or you can wait for six months and buy a title. But if you’re talking about let’s take a look at the discrete purchase would be like buy a title, which would be six months of new software, Zeus higher than the next level down and the next level down. So, it’s higher.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure. But -- yes, that’s a long time off there because first, what would happen is a diagnostic unit that would handle internal combustion and EVs because they’re going to be sharing the space for a long time. They’re going to be chewing the same dirt on a highway for a long time. And so, the real thing is you’re going to need a broad group of that, both in software and tools. That’s what’s going to happen. Eventually, EVs may take over a plug-in hybrids or whatever evolves in that situation, and that will move the car part. But it’s a long way process. There’s no singularity in here. But once they start to get some presence in the market, you have to start including them in your diagnostic software so that you help the technicians deal with them as you help them deal with the 650-horsepower BMW M5 competition.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, I don’t know. That’s a big question. There’s a lot of hypotheticals in there. I don’t think we see a risk right now. People seem to be robust in terms of the big ticket items. One of the messages of our point is I think I said when we were at the conference, there almost seems to be two economies, the financial economy and the physical economy. And the physical economy right now seems pretty pumped to me. And so we see -- and we see that with the take-up of big-ticket items that expresses their confidence. Really, and in past downturns, it hasn’t been the rates that influenced because our rates stay the same. It hasn’t been the rates or the actual money that -- of technicians that influences the choice. It’s their mental view. The paraphrase is -- what was [Technical Difficulty] election. It’s a psychology. And so basically, in the great financial recession, it was the -- we would have said economies glum repair shops hum. And they kept going. And so yes, but they were getting up every day, getting bad news for breakfast on all the shows and reading the paper. So, they were worried about taking long-term long payback items, but they had the money. So, I don’t anticipate the money going away, but I -- but they could change their attitude, depending on how much bombardment occurs. I think really, that’s how we see the world playing out. Repair is essential. It keeps going. But the mentality of the customers can shift between big ticket and small ticket. We saw -- I mean, it’s evidence that you go back to just out of the COVID -- coming out of the COVID everybody had money and garages and never stopped, but they were focused on small ticket items, not big ticket. And when they started to get more comfortable and they had the psychological recovery and exhilaration, they started to go big ticket. That’s what we see now.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s both of those. I think increasingly in the collision area is people are more and more interested in -- as we go forward in the sort of like the ADAS situation where you’re talking about calibration and setting the neural network of sensors. And also, things like we talked about with Mitchell 1 with the special collision focused software because people are seeing that job more and more. Two things are happening -- three things are happening, I suppose. The first one is a lot of different materials in a car now. So you just can’t bend steel, you have to cut different like carbon fiber and so on. So, there’s a lot of different physical products that we sell that make that. That was -- that’s a longstanding trend. And then as the neural networks have become more ubiquitous, they need a lot of software and hardware that’s focused on that to recalibrate and do that. And then thirdly, collision jobs are getting more jobs because the collision has taken more time. If you don’t think that -- when you hammer your bumper, see how much it costs you, how long it takes you to get it replaced. Those are taking more time. So, there’s more work for collision jobs. So they’re seeing three factors: one, the material; two, addressing the neural network; and three, just handling the volume and getting productivity.
Nick Pinchuk: They were in line, pretty well balanced this quarter. They go up and down, but we’re pretty -- we pretty much feel as though they’re kind of matching up, and they have. They fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. But this quarter is evenly keeled. Maybe there’s a little bit more selling off the van that’s selling into there, maybe a little bit, but not anything significant. So, [Technical Difficulty] pretty solid.
Nick Pinchuk: A lot of different things. I mean, fundamentally, the big kahuna in the Tools Group this time is ZEUS+, big ticket item, $12,000. So that’s rolling through that business. And so that’s the thing that gets your attention. I talked about this Neon Stinger, and I really meant it. It was flying off the shelf. We showed it at our kickoff and people loved it because [Technical Difficulty] and technicians want to make a statement. So tool storage has got some nice products. So you have a new model and diagnostic that’s driving that. You have some really nice innovations in tool storage. And in hand tools, you have a number of different things, some of which are things like new pliers. We have a range of new pliers that everybody loves. I was talking to the franchisees, like I said, a couple of weeks ago. And these guys whipped out these pliers and started talking about how great they are and easy to sell because they’re so functional, how in grip. They hold on really well, three positions, so you can handle any kind of job. People love them. So you see that. Plus we’re bundling some things like impact sockets, putting together some impact sockets where they weren’t bundled before. So people -- impact sockets are things you use for very hard and difficult like trucks, you really need a lot of power. So the sockets have to be of a different dimension, less hard but stronger, thicker wall and those kinds of things. So, we see those coming out, maybe focused on the truck shop. So those are the kinds of things that are driving the situation. But it’s always that way. There’s always a story around products.
Nick Pinchuk: Not really. I mean, you could say this. Let me say this. Only in this way, not in the Tools Group for sure. I don’t see it in the Tools group. You could argue that, all right, you tend to get garage owners who are also technicians, they are the probably number one buyer of a ZEUS+. So in that way, you might see more of that. But every time you roll out the top of the line diagnostic unit, you’re seeing that. So adjusting for our expectations in that way, I don’t see any change in the Tools Group. If you go to RS&I, while repairs -- software and diagnostic sales to independent repair shops were up, the two big pounders in RS&I was the OEM businesses following the new models and the equipment. But equipment is split between -- pretty much equally between garages and independent. So generally, you’ll see a slight shading toward OEM garages on the RS&I side. You won’t see any -- much of a mix change on the tools side except for the fact that ZEUS+ seems to always -- the big kahuna always sells, has a strong shop by. That’s pretty much it. Other than that, we don’t see any changes.
Nick Pinchuk: David, it’s a logical extension of -- higher credit maybe. But I’m not hearing it. I don’t know. You’re a windshield guy, too. I mean, I don’t hear it in my windshield surveys, nobody is saying that. And I would just offer, our impression was based on how our franchisees are and how they say the technicians are is the balance sheets are pretty robust. So yes, that might happen, but I don’t think we’re seeing it happen now. I don’t think that’s occurring right now. I think this is a pretty robust sector. We haven’t -- we didn’t see it get manipulated during the great [Technical Difficulty] they were more cautious, but they were still pretty plush. So I don’t know. Could happen, but I don’t hear it anyway.
Nick Pinchuk: Too far. That’s why we’re spending -- factories. Look, that is -- I was at these franchisees. I don’t know, you can take this around many grains, so if you wish, but these guys are telling me they can sell every tool storage box they get. Backlogs go back. I don’t want to really get into that. Sorry. But it’s pretty substantial, probably longer than we would like. But sometimes we wonder -- I’d tell you what, just a key -- looking at sometimes we wonder it is better if the backlog is long. It makes people want them more. I don’t know. You know what I mean? Because everybody wants a Snap-on box, it seems. So maybe it just makes it more attractive, like if you have to wait for a car for a long time. But we’d like to bring this backlog down. That’s why we are enhancing our factories in all categories really. Virtually all of our product lines are up to the eyeballs and trying to turn out the factories. But the one that chases the most is tool storage because everywhere we go, people say, I need more. I need more. I need more.
Nick Pinchuk: Because we offer discount packages all the time. That’s part of the reason to buy now. You could say, okay, you don’t have to have the discount package. But in reality -- in reality, David, our franchisees are conditioned to sell off a kind of deal. Our art is to make that deal attractive but leaner or richer depending on how we want to move the product.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, I don’t worry so much about hand tools. I don’t. I mean, hand tools have been strong come hell or high water. I mean I think -- I mean I only been here 15 years. So maybe that’s not long enough. But the thing is it seems though hand tools -- if you’re talking about the longer payback items, like I was talking to Liz, sooner or later, sometimes, the psychology of it all breaks through and even the guys who are working every day and pulling in the money, they say, I want to keep my powder dry for a while, sometimes. But that’s a psychological balance, which I think right now there’s tremendous reservoirs of optimism in the people of work. It’s different than the big companies. If you look at the National Association of Manufacturers and you look at small manufacturers versus large manufacturers, there’s all of a sudden a big divide between them in terms of their optimism, their outlook. The small guys have almost never been higher. So, I think this is part of what it is. I think there’s a lot of talk. As you say, there’s a lot of talk and just we saw -- I’m not saying it’s wrong or anything like that. But when you walk in -- when I walk in a garage or meet the franchisees, they’re saying, who’s this guy? Is this guy, Paul? I don’t even know who he is.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, -- I like to do this. So I’ll do this. Look, in C&I it’s simple. Critical industries, boomshakalaka!. Critical industries are the highest margin business in that area. And the margins are robust and they did pretty well. And like we talked about the military and I don’t know if you heard that call, but the military tends to be -- is the base by base type of product we’re getting that’s moving it. And that tends to be pretty good. So I think that’s one factor you’re seeing there. That’s pretty strong. They were up -- the critical industries were up greater than 11%. And that’s what drove the margins I think, principally, There were other things. I mean another thing is that generally, the supply chain is getting better, but some of the stuff you go out and buy a whole bunch of stuff on -- when you spot [ph] buy, you buy a lot because you don’t want to have to not have them. So some of that stuff is working its way through. So it’s a very complex mix. We are seeing some abatement. That should continue. But mostly, the big factor there, the 190 basis points had to do with critical industries doing well. The customized kits are great for us and they sold -- we broke some of the bottlenecks, and we did well in that situation. So that’s C&I. If you look at Tools Group, it’s -- there’s no product mix story that I think guys were wondering; if there were, it wasn’t that. But it is the fact that there is an attenuation in the commodities, so the commodities, which Tools Group is very vertically integrated, so they buy commodities in a lot of situations. So they get a nice pop from that. And so, they’re getting some improvement in that situation. Of course, they’re taking their foot off the pricing in concert with that. And then the Tools Group has been hammering away at RCI. So, you see a lot of that happening in this situation. So, we think the whole thing is sustainable. Now that -- I’m not telling you that the OI margin for the Tools Group is going to be the same next quarter, but we don’t think they can’t -- we believe they could go higher. Not necessarily next quarter, but we think there’s room to move up from RCI and a rationalization of the situation.
Aldo Pagliari: Bret, probably not. And the reason for that is we hold our rates. They’re not the lowest rates in the world. They are reflective of the credit profile of the customers that we serve. So they certainly are competitive in the segment where we play. But our rates have been kind of steady over the decade, not just the years, decade, and we’re funded long, as you probably recall. And therefore, we don’t have the same upward pressure on our cost of funds for the next several years. So, as a result of that, we tend to hold the program steady. So the uptick you see right now really is probably reflective a little bit of the slightly better profile of customers as maybe compared to a year or so ago, but it’s very slight, right, 17.6 to 17.7.
Aldo Pagliari: So look, the cost is similar -- similar, there’s slight pockets of improvement. Every once in a while, you still have to resort to a spot buy and you’re looking at materials. So, I’d say the most broadly speaking, as I think we said earlier, is that there’s some improvement, but every day, you have to remain agile, flexible. There’s always a new challenge when you walk in the door. So, modest improvement, but still, you got to bring all your resources to the table to effectively manage it.
Aldo Pagliari: Actually, believe it or not, Gary, on the cash that we have on hand, we’re earning a much higher level of interest income than what we did last year. You might remember, about a year ago, you’re getting hardly nothing on your money. Now effectively, the corporation is earning about 4.75% on whatever cash it does have.
Aldo Pagliari: For -- the contract receivables are with the franchisees and the van leases and inventory. So, that’s…
