Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Sure. Look, I think the thing is the principal activity here is the investments in the -- what we would broadly say, our actions which are breaking through the structural disadvantages of the van. One easy one to remember -- you'll all remember is the Rock 'N Roll cab. The van is constrained by size. You can only put a couple of tool storage boxes on them, therefore, the Rock 'N Roll cabs allow -- add more marketing space at the point of sale from time to time. It breaks through it. It drives more sales. We've gone up. I think the number that we have almost 50, over -- we were in the 40s last time and -- about 40 of them last quarter. So we've gone up quite a bit. In fact, we're in the 30s last time. So you see that. And then this time, we're launching the techno vans. Last time, I think we had 3 or 4 at the end of the quarter, now we have 10. And the techno vans are diagnostics, and there is quite a bit of training around this. Not only are the vans heavily facilitized because you have all of the equipment on the vans, which help you demonstrate the diagnostics to their fullest, but there's a lot of training associated with the van drivers themselves because you have to have guys on those vans that have to make the diagnostics sit up and do dog tricks. And then there are a number of other things in there this quarter, smaller items, which have helped us in that regard. And then I would offer the idea that the SFC was bigger and better than ever before, and we had 10% more, 10% more attendance. That 10% drives more expense. And in fact, we planned it to be bigger with more training and more selling and so on, and more sales space. And all of that rolls up to an investment. Actually, from our perspective, I'm very encouraged by this because what I view it as -- I would classify it in the old football saw as run to daylight. We've asked the Tools Group to -- when they see opportunity, to run to it, to the spend to take advantage of it, and that's what they've been doing. And it's been resulting pretty well. If you look at the Tools Group's numbers, David, over the last several quarters, the third quarters are like this. In 2010, they were up 10.5%. '11, they were up 6%, 11.1% last year, so this wasn't an easy comparison. They were up 9.5% again. So we're not so worried about the SG&A. We like the idea of spending to get those sales.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I don't think so. I can't speak to their number. I think they said they were up high single digits. I don't know what the exact number was, so I am...
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, right. So I'm not sure exactly what the number is. There are a number of things that can flow through in terms of the different products that can be selling and the sources of those products that will result in driving Stanley sales, depending on how they come out on the Mac vans. The market is nice, but we're pretty sure that we are reaching more customers and selling more to the same customers. I can tell you that our van drivers are more excited about our proposition. I was just in Saratoga, New York, riding around on a van with Greg Dolan [ph] up there, and he was very enthusiastic about our products and its prospects. And his customers were positive about what he does for them. So we feel very good about both those engines driving the tools sales, reaching more people and also selling more to the same customers. That's what's happening in both of these places. And part of it is productivity giving the van driver more time to sell, reaching more customers; and two, breaking through some of the structural disadvantages like space and technical expertise that can only -- that one man can only have so much technical expertise on the van, and that's been driving this increase.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: I hate to comment on any kind of trajectory around the military given the turbulence in Washington these days. Who knows where it's going. I mean, look, we had a -- the fourth quarter has always been our biggest quarter. We took a big shot in that, the fourth quarter last year. I had said that we're going to see -- I know I said on these calls that we're going to have probably lighter comparisons going forward. Yes, but the atmosphere gets -- got worse and worse, and so we've been seeing some big headwinds -- maybe not as big as the fourth quarter, but some big headwinds in the third quarter as well, third quarter of this year, not as big as the fourth quarter last year, but still pretty significant that's moving the needle.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, if you look at it broadly, if you look at it broadly, international, U.S., kind of the same, Gary, kind of the same. If you landscape the international business -- as you know, for the Tools Group like Canada, U.K., Australia and so on, we had some goes-ins and goes-outs. The U.K. was up nicely as well. In fact, our overall business, if you roll it all together, one of the things we're kind of happy about in terms of our -- one of the things that's positive -- we're happy about is the U.K. actually did snap back, but it's not driving -- our overall business in the U.K., including SNA Europe and the Tools Group and other businesses that sell in the U.K., are up double digits. But for the Tools Group, it's not driving that -- not influencing that 9.5%, not influencing it. It's in that ballpark.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Look, it's north of 10% now, I'd say in low double digits, you'd say, now. And every quarter, you get kind of -- because you're spread over lots of emerging markets, you get kind of goes-in and goes-outs. We had -- as I said, I think, in the script, we had a good quarter in China, good quarter in China, nice quarter in Thailand, good one in Korea. We had a fine quarter in Brazil. Some of the others were weaker. For example, the Philippines was weak for us this year. But in general, we're at 11% -- not 11%, but it's the low single digits and we're growing.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, I don't know. I mean the thing is, is that I think you can speculate yourself. First of all, we usually -- we don't give guidance or anything like that, but look, we have a military business. I would say anybody who's got direct business with the government would be wondering whether it would be effect going forward. But they did solve the problem now, so whether that plays out quickly enough to eliminate any overhang, I'm not so sure. What I would say though is that through the quarters we've had, we've seen an overhang from sequestration in the military business and the government business, and it's hard to predict whether that will get positive -- whether that will get more negative as we go forward. I would suppose, if this is not solved and they don't snap back quickly, it could get more negative. But I think that's very shaky, shaky to predict. We've been dealing with a kind of difficulty in that area for some time.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, it tends to revolve around the SFC, the Snap-on Franchisee Conference, where you bring all these guys together, the franchise -- remember, I said it's part selling show. They order, some of those sales get in the quarter. And what that means is some of the other segments, for example, the diagnostics groups or the C&I Group will provide products, they provide products to the Tools Group, and that tends to ramp up during this period. And that's what you're seeing in here.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, no. It's broad, broad. And when we say emerging markets, we really mean the whole Shamil [ph], like automotive, automotive repair. We would call automotive repair, by the way, a critical industry. It's just that it's not handled within our standard definition. There is criticality around automotive repair. But it's automotive repair, oil and gas, aviation, in some cases, the military -- foreign military and power generation. So it's broadly based.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Yes, yes. I don't think -- look, I think the products we mentioned, which are handheld diagnostics and for heavy truck and for automotive, there isn't much margin difference between those 2 segments, I would say. So if you're talking about like products reaching into different segments like diagnostics or software, they're pretty much the same types of margins. The margin variation in the RS&I Group comes from the sort of essential tool businesses that we sell to OEM dealerships, that can be a little smaller, and the undercar equipment businesses, which can -- are hardware-based and tend to attract lower margins than, say, the software businesses. But in general, there's no implied motion period-to-period, quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year by those. That we have talked about today.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, we usually don't comment on month by month, but I will offer this. When I go out -- and like I said, I was just on a van up in upstate New York, I was just with the national franchise conference -- our franchise advisory council last weekend. And as -- they represent -- there's franchisees, there's 12 of them, they represent every region of our country. I saw nothing but optimism. So my suggestion about the effects of this uncertainty broadly described around the shutdown and the debt ceiling and the sequestration, I believe is not weighing as heavily on smaller businesses that we're seeing, that are -- remember, we're operating in criticality. So the small businesses operating in criticality, whether you're talking about technicians or franchisees or repair shop owners, they seem to be anesthetized to the bad news. As I move up in size the businesses, they seem to be more burdened by the uncertainty. The bigger businesses, the more uncertain they are. And then, of course, anybody who's dealing directly with the business, like our military business, of course, that business gets shut down a little bit. So that's what we're seeing. If you talk about the effects of sequestration and the shutdown of the government and the debt ceiling and the whole idea that this is going to come up again in February and all this news, sure, this is something we watch, but we are not wringing our hands over it.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: The emerging -- look, if you look at -- it's a -- the emerging market business is about as profitable as the rest of the businesses. Let's say, in C&I, emerging market is a big piece of our business -- a big piece of our emerging market business in C&I. It's about as profitable as that business. It's about as profitable as the businesses reflected in the segment for those product lines. The geography of the profitability is different, lower gross margin, lower SG&A or lower operating expense usually. And then we can parse that there's a pre-investment on top of it that tends to put a little bit of drag on it, and that investment keeps going as we keep expanding. But if you look at the business as it occurs transaction by transaction, you say, this is just as profitable as all the rest of our businesses. So we're very encouraged by that.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: Well, actually, I don't think we've ever spoken to the margins of the European business in isolation. But certainly, you will be entitled to the fact that we know these -- we've said these things. The European business was down drastically. It was wounded. We have pushed on it and pulled on it and worked RCI on it over the years. Remember, it really never -- it came out of the recession briefly in 2010, then sort of dipped back in, at the end of 2011, went back to double digit reductions and kept going. But through that period, we were working RCI, but we were very careful to, say, one, we didn't see our customers disappear; two, we didn't actually take out capacity. We kept capacity there because we're confident the business comes back, and what that means is we have lowered breakeven. And I would suggest to you that the idea that it is more profitable on even lower sales is good arithmetic and quantitative testimony to the fact that works pretty well. When volume comes back and they start to see some good numbers, it will accrue relatively well to the bottom line like any of our businesses, I believe. And what's happening in Europe actually is kind of interesting. Northern Europe has come back. We're -- particularly England, double digit growth for our businesses overall in England. Very good in the north, Sweden, Norway up very well. The middle countries like Germany and France, France still down, but narrowed a little bit. And then the periphery contributing, like the Maghreb countries and Turkey and so on contributing well. So you still see that Europe is not yet cured, but it's stabilizing in the middle, and the north actually seems to -- at least in this quarter, seems to have turned a little bit of a corner. That accrues well for us based on where our cost structure is.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk: No, actually, I -- correct me -- let me come back. The OEM dealerships, our business with the OEM dealerships, electronic parts catalogs and this essential tools business were up -- I think I said were up strongly in the quarter. But our sales to independents -- Mitchell 1, the software business, the diagnostics business, these are software-based businesses that take advantage of our reservoir of data about the independent -- the car part that independents need so badly, those were up strong double digits. And so actually, I wouldn't say our business is changing. It was growing in the OEMs, but it also grew in the independents. So I wouldn't say the mix changed this quarter, just both moved for us.
Aldo J. Pagliari: A finance receivable, Gary, is when Snap-on Credit finances an end customer who is a customer of the franchisees, so in other words, a technician, a mechanic out on the shop floor. A contract receivable is when Snap-on directly finances a garage shop owner or a franchisee themselves. So the receivable is directly between Snap-on and the party versus a third party.
Aldo J. Pagliari: I'd say it's -- Roger (sic) [Richard], Aldo here. It was a little bit in the RS&I segment actually and then the Commercial & Industrial Group. There was a smidgen, so to speak, in the Tools Group.
Aldo J. Pagliari: That's correct. Overall, it was $1.7 million as compared to $2.3 million for the corporation last year.
