Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, I think -- I'll answer the last question first. I think our approach to pricing as we see the situation when we meet the individual timing, like the individual quarters, I think you're going to see a mixed result. You said it correctly that things work its way and some kind of lag into your P&L as you go forward in terms of the pricing. If you look back, you do see a mixed review and, say, steel, for example. Hand tool steel is down some, it's not down to pre-pandemic levels, but tool storage steel is down closer to pre-pandemic levels. So you see some variation in that. And it doesn't look like they're going to go back up. It looks like you're going to -- I would expect to see them -- if they go to prepandemic levels, maybe that's equilibrium. But if you're above that, we kind of expect it to kind of go downwards. The thing that -- and you'll see that work its way through and give us some relief going forward. But the timing of that is a little uncertain based on what you said, associated with the lag. The big impact from the supply chain for us has been the availability of certain items. And so sometimes, even today, even as the supply chain is regularized, you can't find certain things, and you have to go out and spot market and get it. This particularly bedevils C&I., Tools Group less so, but it's impacted some of the RS&I things from time to time. So supply chain, I would say, in terms of a negative factor is abating but not disappearing as we go forward. That's what I see. So it's taken some pressure off. It's hard for me to predict, though, about certain supplies that could come up at any time. So you see that kind of situation.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think this -- we don't change our policies in terms of risk based on the externals so much. We don't raise or drop our -- the credit standards associated with do we need sales or not. We pretty much focus on the same customer and look at it in the same way going forward. I think what you're seeing in rise of originations, it has nothing to do with the credit -- necessarily the credits to the customers. I think everybody says that professional technicians have a pretty -- had a pretty strong balance sheet for some time. I think what you've seen is a combination of compelling product and our technicians seeing the great opportunities they have, numbers of -- demand for technicians up, wages up and the repair systems up. You can see it in the macro sort of getting more confident to invest in big ticket items. I think to the extent you see originations, that's not driven by any credit policy, that's driven by the big ticket items. And whether we use credit or not will be dependent on how well the products are selling in the marketplace. Now right now, the thing about it is, is that if you have big ticket items leading the way in a robust quarter, and they were up double digits, , I think, baffle was the word I said. I think that says a lot for confidence because what my experience is, and I've been here a while, my experience is that when people -- when things start to look gloomy a little bit in professional technicians, the need doesn't go away but they tend to shift more to shorter payback items, not big ticket items. That's what happened in the great financial recession. So the fact that we had a big ticket boom, I think, gives me a lot of great confidence in our future.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes, really I mean, I think as we serve the dealerships just as well. I mean, you could argue that older cars have more repairs and maybe be entitled to that. But in reality, it's a long wave of event, Liz. The fact that new cars are becoming -- the fact that used cars were being held longer, we don't really think that makes that much a difference. We followed it for years. And when you look at a year or a quarter when, let's say, scrappage is up or scrappage is down, it doesn't seem to affect the numbers at all. So for us, I think if you said, okay, the car park is going to get younger over time, then that would be some pressure on repair. But the car park has gotten older every year since 1980. So I don't think that's going to change very much. And we -- I would not put the shift to used cars as much of a factor in the strength of the automotive repair market from our perspective. So I think any change from that is not going to make a difference, really. And we do serve the dealers. We actually get -- our revenues in the Tools Group is about the dealership -- revenue from the dealerships in the Tools Group actually almost dead on reflects the amount of repair that they have as a percentage of the total repair done in the country. So we're kind of agnostic between dealerships and independent repair shops.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, I think we have a pipeline. We have a number of prospects we always look at, but we have -- what we do is we look to say we have runways for growth, enhance the van channel, expand with repair shop owners and managers, extend the critical industries and build in emerging markets. And we're always looking for something that's operating in the critical task space, where the penalties for failure are high, in other words, not DIY, but professional space. That can advance our position along one of those runways. There isn't much in the Tools Group because the Tools Group is already in a strong position there and it doesn't need too much. But if you look at -- and in emerging markets -- maybe in emerging markets now that's going to start opening up with all the turbulence that's been floating around there. But our 2 sweet spots in this have been in expand repair shop owners and managers, that's a junk RS&I or extend the critical industry.  And when we look there is give us a product that gives us more to sell to those customers or a new technology that's important to the customers or gives us a presence with customers. So for example, I mentioned Norbar. Norbar is an acquisition, which got us bigger in torque. It's critical. It's a technology we could use some help in at the top end. So we acquired it and it was a great success story. You can see the same kind of thing in RS&I with the acquisitions of Dealer-FX, where we wanted to beef up our software position in dealerships, one, because it's a profitable situation; but two, because it gives you a strategic advantage in terms of the visibility of new products that are going to enter the market just as you talked about, the new products, you get a better view of it. So that's the kind of thing.  So things that will advance us down those runways for growth are things we have money for, and we have no shyness about acquiring things. big or small. But we're careful. We take care of our money. So we don't transform the company. We're looking for coherent acquisitions. And there are a bunch of those. But sometimes when we look at something that isn't -- it's only 30% what we do or sometimes it isn't what we thought -- where we thought it was and we decided we don't want to have it, other times we do. In case of Norbar, Dealer-FX, we thought positively.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Hand tools were flat. So hands tools have been booming. They were like going wild in the last year and the first part of this year, and they are the high -- actually, believe it or not, they're the highest margin business in the hand tools. And so they're great. But when they back down a little bit, that puts a little margin pressure on them in the Tools Group. Flat is okay, though because they're really still strong. But tool storage is a great margin business, and that was up strong double-digit, fact, best tool storage ever. In fact, I had a guy telling me, I was out talking to the sales guy, he told me he could sell every tool storage unit I could build for him. Our backlog is exploding in tool storage. So we can sell a lot of them. And then -- so -- and that doesn't have much effect on margin. The real margin -- the source of the margin comment here was diagnostics. Diagnostics makes a lot of money for the corporation, but the Tools Group shares the margin with RS&I. Remember, RS&I makes it and sells it to the Tools Group. So from a pure Tools Group or when you're looking at diagnostics, that margin is a lower one for them. And so the flatness of hand tools and the rise in diagnostics created that margin pressure that moved it down somewhat in this period. But we thought this is great. It's one of the reasons why we have 21.5%, one of the reasons why RS&I was up 50 basis points, you see, because of diagnostics sells well for them. So that's sort of the way.  The other thing, as I said before, I want to emphasize, boy, I think it's a good sign for the future that big ticket is strong. Now you might argue, okay, diagnostics had a special case because we launched the Zeus, and it's the best thing since [indiscernible] and everybody loves it. But the fact that tool storage is selling well really indicates an underlying confidence in the customer base, which speaks well for our situation.
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. Look, we look at these things. They're about in the range where we like to see it, about sort of equal. So when you look back from sell-in to sell-out, we see that being about balance. Now it always goes up and down a little bit every quarter, but this is kind of in the range. I think this quarter, it's about equal. .
Nicholas Pinchuk: Well, look, certainly isn't much say in the critical industries. So our backlog just keeps growing there. That's because they keep being bedeviled by the supply chain disruption. That's sort of the thing I was saying. Our backlog is really strong there. And I don't think much is in the Tools Group. Our backlog in tool storage at all-time high, and we're actually expanding 2 of the plants in the Tools Group this year to try to keep up with this whole situation. You can look at different places like you'd be entitled to the idea that, geez, I think Europe is a little bit under the weather. So you see that kind of thing there, but the U.S. seems to be booming to me. So I don't know. You can -- it seems to me as though I think you can look at it that way. U.S. is pretty strong. And we're trying to -- look, we have real confidence in the future. That's why we're expanding our capabilities here. If I could expand the more tool storage, I would tomorrow. I told you -- I think I said before, the guy said he could -- one of the guys -- one of the top sales guys said he could sell everything I could give him. So I think we're sitting on some pretty good strength in that situation. So I think you called it book-to-bill last time. I think that's pretty healthy in the U.S., a little more turbulence in Europe.
Nicholas Pinchuk: It's the weaker economics. The U.K. has got a whole bunch of problems, the revolving door prime ministers and so on and that kind of thing. And it tends to be more organized around the Northern parts of that business. I think driven in the fourth quarter pretty much by a lot of banks that was in Europe in the fourth quarter over the fuel situation, and that weighed heavily on the people. And I think the whole idea that the recession is coming, the recession is coming there has kind of hit them. You got China who is like -- it's chaos in China. I mean, those guys went from being 6 weeks in their apartments to all of a sudden, let everything go, come to work with COVID. And 3/4 Quite population, some people say, got COVID. So I think things kind of went stand still because of the lockdowns in various cities and standstill because everybody is getting it. So that thing has been afflicted. So I'm not sure how quickly it comes back. So you have that. The other international markets like other parts of Asia, like Southeast Asia seen pretty good in that situation. So I think it's just COVID in Asia, particularly China, and the general sort of combination of recession is coming, fuel angst in England, reemergence of now we're out of COVID, the Brexit problems reemerge and the whole idea of the war is there kind of cast a pall over Europe. Although lately, I just heard some data that said that GDP is going to grow in Europe higher than other places, I don't know. I'm from Missouri on that one. I think Europe is a little weaker than maybe has been reflected in that. . That's what -- and then one other thing you do see is that we have -- I think I said this before, we have a strong demand in the critical industries. If we could source a little better, if we didn't have the varying disruptions of what's in supply, we could -- we would have been much stronger in this quarter and in past quarters. So one of the things that drives both the maybe some of the -- cast an overhang on the sales and put some -- hang on the margins because of you have to pay for the spot buys and it will always come in. And that's really in the critical industries where if you don't realize, there is our custom kits with maybe 200 or 300 items in them, and they must be shipped complete. So if you don't have 1 or 2 of them, we can't ship.
Nicholas Pinchuk: The growth outlook is pretty good. the subscriptions are going up. I mean, they're going up through the roof. But the thing is, remember that you probably -- you may or may not realize this, but that the other -- the former version, and still we do some of this is, we would sell what we call not subscriptions, but titles. So every 6 months, we come out with a new software addition, and technicians could buy it for their diagnostic unit or not. And we're transitioning from that sort of every 6 months or every year pop to, okay, pay me every month. And so there's some balance in that. But software is growing in the situation, and we can see we can see some positivity in that regard. And so that's one of the things that is starting to help out software in the -- help out the RS&I margins. In fact, I think we want to make sure we focus more on that going forward. So I think that's one of our great opportunities. We see a lot of opportunity in things like dealership software and independent repair shop software. And the Mitchell 1 business, which we didn't mention in this, is still growing like clockwork. It's growing nicely and its profitability is strong. It's just not up in the double-digit range, but the subscription business is growing nicely.
Nicholas Pinchuk: No, that's going to -- well, I think it benefits us greatly because look, if you want to -- sort of like it isn't a $50 billion example, but we do have examples associated with just what you said, ADAS, the advanced driver assistance systems, and the calibrations associated with that. That's behind -- that's sold enabled both through our diagnostics, like you said, like Zeus and Apollo in those, and it's enabled through our undercar equipment business. And those are the 2 businesses that taste the RS&I group, they were both up nice double digits. And really the software and the physicals associated with calibration have been helping drive the situation in undercar equipment and the input around ADAS systems in Mitchell 1 and in the diagnostic systems has helped drive their attractiveness.  And as more of that goes in, those products are going to get more and more essential to the technician. You see, what you're saying, I think another way to talk about this, Ivan, is this, is that right now, let's say, if you look at the total car park, like maybe 45% of the repairs require a diagnostic unit. But if you look at new units, it's like 80%. And as software starts to rise, more and more of the places where we have leadership in terms of repair information and in the software that's going to wheel that information and the calibration will be important for us. And that's all making money for us now. And the wider it gets, the more we're going to have in that situation.  So we're developing products along that line. One of the things that you don't even think about is in collision. I think you know this very well. But the thing is right now, new cars are like a neural network of sensors. And if they get dinged, you get your bumper dinged. It's a major operation to recalibrate it and reset the sensors and so on. And that's making -- that's driving a lot of the underneath car -- the undercar activity in RS&I. So we're already seeing that. And so we're focusing on that stuff as well. A big portion of our business now -- or development now is associated with software. And you're going to see that we're going to focus on it more and more as we go forward. .
Nicholas Pinchuk: Yes. We're going to make sure we get big focus on it. But I think we already have a pretty good position in it. We just see as it develops, these are going to create opportunities that are going to lay out there in front of you. .
Aldo Pagliari: Well, David, if you're looking year-over-year, yes, the Tools Group makes a major portion of it, but it's not all of it. But actually, the Tools Group has their inventories kind of reflective of the fact that they've had very consistent organic growth. And therefore, I think it's suitable. If you look at some of the other areas where we're investing, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's not insignificant the amount of money that's tied up in in-transit inventory and safety stocks. Again, Snap-on has made a strategic decision to err on the side of availability. So that is priority #1. So a long answer to your question, we think the inventory is appropriate given the opportunities we see in front of us and the fact that we don't want to miss on the opportunities that present themselves as we go forward and not have disruption from the supply chain.  Now again, Snap-on is blessed, for lack of a better word, with we're not a typical consumer retail-oriented company, and therefore, we're not subject to the fashion sense, I like to say, many other companies have to be concerned about. So our product doesn't really obsolesce on the shelf, so to speak. I mean, yes, you have to update the algorithms in a diagnostic unit or an alignment machine, but pretty much we feel pretty confident that making an investment in inventory is going to pay off and being able to capture sales in projects or programs that manifest themselves as we go forward.
Aldo Pagliari: There's probably opportunities to harvest that, David, you're absolutely right, but I wouldn't model it that way. In other words, I just told you what our strategic decision is. And trust me, you have even more inventory. You will never have exactly the right thing at the right time. So you have to be prepared to have a flexible factory and a flexible distribution center because of 80,000 different SKUs, impossible to forecast what the accuracy you would like. And then you multiply the statistical probability of having them when you have to put arrays of SKUs that could have 100 to 200 pieces together, and you can see what drives the need for a lot of products. And then on top of it, you have spare part requirements sometimes imposed by regulations. So if you're going to sell machines that have a life of 10-plus years such as lifts and linear machines, tire changes, wheel balances, there's obligations behind the scenes to keep ample supplies of spare parts on hand. So you put that all together, and again, we will err in favor of availability. There could be opportunities to harvest. In just saying that we don't model ourselves cash flow growth from reduction in inventories, even though that certainly is theoretically possible.
Aldo Pagliari: Overrides are not as dynamic as what they've been in the past. Again, that decision is made with the franchisee. They've been a little bit more conservative compared to the 2016 to 2019 window. We still think personally that it's a good bet because we have a lot of metrics behind in process that kind of gives a higher sense of collectibility on things like that as compared to other companies that might be more upstart, so to speak, when it comes to lending to the credit profile of mechanics. But to directly answer your question, our returns are not as high as what they've been in the pre-pandemic world. And the charge-offs, I think I made a remark in my prepared remarks. The charge-offs, if you look at the provisions, they're actually narrower. I think we're about 4-point, what was it, $4.4 million difference in the rate of provision. The differential between charge-offs is actually less than that. What drove the provision up a little higher is actually with the significant increase in originations. We, from experience, have to book extra reserve provisions because of that because while everything starts out well, you know there's going to be a need for some reserves. So the fact that you high originations in the quarter actually drives a higher provision as well. So probably the increase year-over-year is about $1.1 million or so of higher provisions just associated with higher originations. .
Aldo Pagliari: No, no, that's what makes the comparison tougher now, David. Exactly right. Probably by the end of Q1 of 2022, the reserve was probably reduced because of the -- we finally realized we didn't need as much as what we had provided for in 2020, 2021. And that's why I like to use the expression, we're returning to a more normalized rate of provision, and that's what you kind of see now.
