Nick Pinchuk: I would say so. I think, look, I believe I said it right at the beginning. I believe we leave 2019 stronger than we entered. Our product line is stronger than ever. We are seeing progress in the – not as fast as maybe we would like in the U.S. van channel but it is moving upwards. This was a stronger quarter than in the past on a year-over-year basis. And so we feel pretty positive about that. I think when we talk to our franchisees, we understand, and the technicians, we understand our underlying strength. The simple point is, can we arm our franchisees with enough efficiency to wield the complex products, the sophisticated products to sell in the environment they are as opposed to being capacity bound or time bound? I’ve talked about the time-bound nature of the van business for a long time. That’s why we’re investing in it, and we’re starting to see the results. Against that though, we see turbulence in the UK. The UK was actually a little worse this quarter. On the other hand, Brexit did get signed, and so therefore, without any inside information about the time line, that should make it better going forward. So I feel okay about that.
Nick Pinchuk: Actually, it may be a new dynamic for us. It wasn’t just last year. I think there have been two years of this kind of move downwards. Some of that may be driven by, we have robust Christmas promotions, and they – sometimes, they tend to be a little bit lower margin. I think the thing that you might ask, okay, it’s 40%. The gross margin was 40%. 40.2% was flat with last year, and last year, we had significant discounting associated with the Diagnostics business. You might be asking – well, you might ask, why isn’t that up? And I think the story is this. Last year, we had that discounting. We had some effect of currency but not as much, and we had some small effect – some effect of the UK. This year, we got 40 basis points of currency and 20 basis points of the UK effect, and so you put those in and you end up having 60 negative. And so we had margin improvement actually year-over-year in the quarter. It’s just that higher currency impacts in the quarter associated with the Tools Group transaction effect and the UK still being a problem for us. So they overcame that and flattened the gross margin.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, I think we’ve seen generally a decline sequentially. And what has happened in the decline, what drives the decline, we’re seeing more and more of this is our factories tend to be seeing it like, for example, when you roll into the fourth quarter, especially if – as the hand tool business has risen and become a higher portion of our product, the factories, which is the most integrated product in the United States, you see things like over Thanksgiving and over Christmas, you see the effects, those expanded hand tool factories, the effects of those weighing a little bit more than the third quarter in terms of the days off they have. So you have worse absorption in this quarter. Fundamentally, your sales are going up, but your absorption is going down because of the days worked. That’s, I think, what we’ve seen. If you go back two quarters, when we didn’t have this discounting and this legacy sales in the fourth quarter that was really the effect. And I think we’re going to see that going forward in this kind of calendarization.
Nick Pinchuk: Okay. I can give you versions of that. The – we had strong – we’ve had – we continue to train the people and we’re working with our field force, our diagnostic sales developers and the techno vans and so on, the field source to try to, just as you say, try to expand the capabilities associated with that. We had a – it was up double digits and it was up very strongly in the third quarter. Diagnostics was down in the fourth quarter, selling to the franchisees, but the movement from the franchisees to the end user kind of followed more traditional paths. So I would figure that the – if you step back and you look at it and you say, okay, up in the third quarter, kind of down in the fourth quarter, it’s kind of a continuing the same level as before. So therefore, we would say we have more work to do in trying to get our franchisees to understand how to sell this product. It’s kind of moved forward. And ZEUS had a good quarter, by the way, so that was an encouraging data point for us. So with the ZEUS good quarter, we feel that there is some progress because that’s the most difficult thing to sell. So now we’re going to have to make sure we work on Apollo and TRITON to get those stronger. And so I suppose one of the lessons we get out of this is we may have cracked some of the case for ZEUS but we need to do a little bit more on of Apollo and TRITON.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, there has been a change, but not – it’s very small actually. It moves up and down. I think in the middle of the downturn, it was down a little bit but would bounce right back up. So I would say not more than ordinary motion really. It hasn’t really changed that much. I mean, the UK has been a headache for us really, and it punches above its weight in terms of – on the margins of our performance. But we’re working hard to try to get it under control. We’re working with the products. We’re trying to train the franchisees so they can make the most of things. Generally, it’s short payback items they’re selling. It’s the big payback items that tend to come down in uncertainty. With Brexit being signed, I don’t know. But I think as people understand what’s going to happen in post-Brexit, the certainty returns and the automotive repair market snaps back in the UK. I pretty much believe that’s the way it’s going to play out. We’re just happy that they signed Brexit on January 31.
Nick Pinchuk: No, I don’t think so. I think we started it maybe in the fourth quarter of last year. I don’t think it’s two full years actually. That’s my memory about it, yes. And we’ve kind of ramped it up here. So…
Nick Pinchuk: Well, there’s – I think there are twin axes on this, David. I think one is the overall – we’re focused on the U.S. really, of course. And this – I think we made that clear. There’s a separate effort going on to remediate in the UK. I think our number one effort is what happens with sales in the U.S. van channel and it’s been moving upwards. So this quarter was better than the last in terms of a year-over-year basis. So we can feel it moving upwards, maybe not as fast as everybody would like and maybe not as fast as we would like, but that’s an indication that we’re moving the boulder upwards. We’re expanding the capacity to sell. And that’s one issue. Then there are the local issues, just like question recently, if we’re focused on diagnostics, what happens with the individual diagnostic platforms? Because after all, this training gets done platform by platform by platform by platform, and types of customer by types of customer and types of customers. So we kind of segment it that way, platforms by customer. And so the success in those nodules or how we evaluate it. And it’s not just training. It’s also things like we’re adding a new set of vans, we call the Total Shop Solutions. We’ve been expanding and we were at nine last quarter and 15 this quarter, not associated with diagnostics, but this is associated with other more longer payback sales like hand-spin tire balancers and diagnostic workstations, which include full storage box and so on. So we evaluate how those things are occurring in each of the territories. So I think I’ve said for a long time that one of the boundaries of the tools – the van business is the time and so what we’re doing is trying to make the time more effective. Best thing is the sales. You figure that happens. If the sales goes up, that’s the best thing to do. But we also have a sub-analysis. So that’s how we do it. And we think it’s working. I sure like to see it work faster, but we believe it’s a way forward because we – go ahead, sorry.
Nick Pinchuk: Well, look, I see it playing out. When we start to get up around our target, we start to experiment about cutting back. I think the way the world works for us, and it’s always worked this way, is we spend to capture sales growth. And then as we establish ourselves in that sales growth level and that sales growth level is defined by capacity, the capacity of the franchisees to sell, once we hit that, we try to improve and become more efficient in supporting that behind that wave of capture. So once we get to like x percent growth, we say, "Okay, we’re there. That’s our level." We kind of try to figure out how to do it more efficient. So we’d like to be in the territory where we feel comfortable that that’s an acceptable growth that’s commensurate with the market, with the opportunities. Once we do that, we bring it back.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, but not as close as I’d like. Yes, close, closer. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, that’s true. Yes, it’s hard but that’s our method, David. We capture territory and then we make it more efficient.
Nick Pinchuk: Sure, sure. This quarter, hand tools was down some, power tools up double digits. So like I said, power tools had a terrific quarter. And principally, tool storage up, diagnostics down some. So by the way, I encourage people not to get too overheated about these quarterly numbers because they move up and down, depending on what happened last quarter and what – when the new products hit. For example, power tools is strong this quarter because we have a great new product and everybody has been waiting for it. And so it rolls out. And so that’s one of the reasons why it’s strong now. Because remember, our view of the world is the franchisees are capacity limited. We’re building up. That’s why the franchise business in the U.S. is growing again. But it’s kind of a – you get a new product, it tends to squeeze out some of the other products. But that’s the rollout. Hand tools’ down this quarter after up for the year, but power tools up fairly robustly. Tool storage up again, diagnostics down. It’s sort of the story this quarter. It was a different story last quarter.
Nick Pinchuk: I think we’re not sure what happens with the OEM dealership business. That’s the thing that we say, well, that’s a lumpy business. And having worked for Ford myself, I can tell you that they – this is a business that changes cash flow every month for five year. They change their attitudes every month. So we’re not sure. If I look out and looking at the IHS forecast, they’re forecasting down 1% to 2% next year. I would think we’d kind of see the same kind of stuff out for a little while. Now RS&I was up low single digits for the year. I think interestingly though, 26% for RS&I, I think, is the highest-ever gross OI margin, so they had an okay quarter from that perspective. It’s just the sales were down because of that OEM business. But the information business, so where independent repair shops was up again, which was what drove that 26% because it’s high-margin business, and Mitchell 1 is a – has been a consistent grower for us. So if you look at the RS&I businesses, I’ll step back and talk about them, Mitchell 1 seems to grow consistently. We just invested in a new building. We didn’t do so without thought. And therefore, we think that’s got a great future. Diagnostics tends to go up and down but we’re training the franchisees to be more comfortable with the new groundbreaking product of intelligent diagnostics. We expect that to go forward. The OEM businesses, which is about a third of the businesses, it’s hard to predict, it can be lumpy. And significantly, lost in the sway here is the equipment business showed a positive this quarter for RS&I, and it hasn’t been positive for a while. So we view that as a fairly – even in a turbulent quarter, we view that as one sign of good news. So going forward, I think – we think the OEM business, uncertain. Maybe it will be the same as this quarter for a while. But the rest of the businesses have good opportunity.
Nick Pinchuk: Yes, yes. I think the market is there. I think we got the product and stake. I think we’re capacity-bound. I’ve said it – if you listen to us, for years, we’ve said that one of the boundaries associated with the van channel, space and time, we’re up against a time boundary. It’s clear. You can see it, the way the world works. And so we have to break through that like we did in previous years. We had to come up with ways to make those franchisees use their time better, and we can do that, we think. And then in the C&I business, if you’ve 13 straight quarters for industrial and with 5,700 new products, now that gets more and more complex and it drives inventory, but the dogs are buying the dog food there. The only thing is, in this particular quarter, one of the big businesses was low margin. That’s not going to happen forever.
Nick Pinchuk: Generally, we parse them by quintiles. And if you see the business up, it generally tends to be uniform across that. So what you find is, is that roughly 60% of the – 60% to 65%, maybe two-thirds of the franchisees will be sort of in the same direction as the overall business. That’s usually what happens in any one quarter. And those numbers swap in and out. It doesn’t change that much from quarter-to-quarter, really.
Nick Pinchuk: I think our customers don’t – we offer them online. But generally, our customers value the presence, the face-to-face presence of the franchisees. That is – I think that is the point. The idea of providing up close and personal counseling and guidance on how the explanation of the tool, which are getting more, I guess, more complicated, more sophisticated and the guidance on how to use it, then the idea of providing credit up close and personal, and then the idea of having a replacement right there is what our franchisees and our customers seem to like. They could go online but they don’t necessarily avail themselves of that. Now if we thought we were getting pushed by that, we would be looking at it a little bit more, but hand tools are up and you would think that would be the number one product line that would be bought online since it’s less complicated than people tend to know hand tools. But the hand tools are up for the year. In fact, they’ve been more robust over the past couple of years. So that’s our kind of view of it. We try to use the online capabilities to enhance. It’s one of the things we try to do to enhance the efficiency of the franchisees in terms of their collections, in terms of the way they communicate with their customers on specials and those kinds of things. Those are the opportunities we see. We see the connection either through social media or traditional online, either Twitter, either Facebook or Twitter or in fact, texting or just email, not that many people use e-mail anymore. And for our franchisees to communicate and make our customers aware of things, that’s part of our view of online and enabling the franchisees to be more efficient.
Nick Pinchuk: It’s probably up some but not very significant. It’s not very significant because online for us, our customers are looking at the idea, the support they get from the franchisees. So what we try to do is keep that franchisee supported in place because it’s part of our advantage, and secondly, try to use whatever the electronic media is to enable the franchisees more, just as I said.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, the military, Curt, I’d say, in the quarter was probably the highest sales of one particular job in the military that we’ve talked about before. You call it the GMTK, the general mechanics toolkit, so actually, it was up at a double digit in year-over-year comparison as well as sequentially as I mentioned. It will be a significant contributor in Q1, however, not probably to the same level as it was in Q4. And on top of it, what was lacking in Q4 were some of our international sales in the critical industries. They tend to be pretty good margin contributors so if they come back to what I call more normal levels, you get a little bit more cover and get a more traditional gross margin mix. So we welcome the sales to the military, don’t get me wrong. And they’ll move forward over time, but they should have less of a mix effect as you get a little bit more normalized impact in the overall critical industries.
Aldo Pagliari: I don’t think anything more than normal, Chris, this is Aldo. The nature of our inventory is such that when you get the lower market cost or market criteria, we feel pretty good about where our levels of scalability are at. I think the biggest increase in inventory actually is new product introduction. And the take-up pace was not as rigorous as we would like for that, and we’re confident looking to the future. But as you know, we keep targeting a higher level of sales growth. And when we don’t achieve it, the product is there and available but it’s in inventory rather than in the sales line.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, certainly, I see there’s no reason that inventory has to grow to the same degree it did in 2019. We try to take a measured look at that. Some unique characteristics in 2019 were that we have more sophisticated kits among our critical industries customers. As I said, we had a heavy dose of new product introductions. We’ll have elements of that in 2020, but as you’re suggesting, there’s no reason that the increase in inventory has to be to the same magnitude as what we saw in 2019.
Aldo Pagliari: No. With the – generally speaking, with the higher price point of products, generally speaking across the board, the franchisees elect up to five-year terms. And I don’t see that – that actually has trended slightly upward. The migration has been more to a little bit north of four years is the average in the overall portfolio. So I haven’t seen really much of a change in that.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I’ll say this, the official and final reporting of that will be in our K, which is not so far away. I mean, we plan on releasing our K at the – before the end of next week, actually. So I’ll leave that out there as a statement. But I’ll say this, the workaround, it’s been fairly intense and well done. And I’m pleased with the energy we put into it so far. And you’re talking about CECL. For others on the call, it’s a reference to the adoption of CECL, which becomes effective for the corporation in January of 2020. So in essence, the true reporting of it occurs at the end of the quarter, actually. But I’ll say this, is that right now, David, I’m expecting that our overall adjustment will be something less than $10 million will be that order of magnitude. But the final number will be solidified within about a week.
Aldo Pagliari: Well, I don’t recall all the field support specifically. Obviously, it’s an investment that we make along with other internal metrics that we have, David. But you could see the drag that it creates in the OE section of the financial – of the Snap-on Tools Group. But we’re not going to dimension it exactly.
Aldo Pagliari: Yes. The U.S. is up low single digit, as we’ve said, and you’ll get a mix within that portfolio. Some, of course, will be higher, some will be lower than that. But we’re not going to parse among the number of franchisees that are up or the number that are down.
